El personal es bastante bueno también , y la decoración del restaurante también es súper agradable .
Messieurs Jean Claude , Gordon , Daniel et Raymond , je vous remercie tous du fond de mon coeur .
No words were spoken as we ate .
( It made the hubs laugh . )
It was our worst nightmare .
Oh my goodness , it was amazing .
S- the overall satisfaction was great .
Alex was our bartender with Vance helping him out .
Merve our waitress was really nice .
We sat sat the bar which was awesome !
Op suggestie van yelp- hier geweest op onze eerste avond in NOLA tijdens onze roadtrip ( dag3 ) .
El personal habla español y la comida es muy casera
We sat upstairs on the deck .
Liz , our server , was attentive and friendly our entire meal .
El dueno excelente persona con charisma aunque el lugar es un poco pequeno .
no one attended us at first so we sat down at the couch area .
My friend and I travel to St.
Die Portionen war sehr groß und der Preis mit 14 - 18 $ auch in Ordnung .
The food is awful . "
From start to finish it was horrible .
Muy desagradable experiencia como para querer volver .
We sat outside on the top patio .
Our Cchef was Brian and omg the food was greeeeeeeaaaat !
When I said thank you , her response was " sure " .
One of the staff even escorted us to our car with an umbrella after dining because it was raining pretty hard .
The waiter brought us bread and butter .
It was a night to remember :)
Shane , the chef , was very observant .
We sat at the big table in the corner which was nice .
' caus it was cheap and tasty
As soon as we passed , he pulled out and rode behind us all the way to the entrance of the lot .
( according to the sign they had ) We really enjoyed it
The whole experience .
My husband and I traveled from St.
Upon first glance I was super confused .
There 's no garlic here "
Awful awful awful .
Wer auf frisch geräucherten Fisch steht , der noch warm aus dem Rauch kommt , der is(s)t hier genau richtig .
Han perdido no solo a mi como cliente sino a todo el que me pregunte por su negocio .
When we turned right to go to our car , he rode off to the left , and we breathed a temporary sigh of relief .
en aye " I threw him a befuddled look .
She showed us the lunch menu .
As the storm rolled in over St.
Chef emailed us the recipes and other helpful info .
My friend and I both were startled and shocked .
Every single person we came into contact with was clueless .
This is a horrible thing to say .
We were seated right by the tank .
The group split four pies , Margherita , Crudo , Quattro Formaggi and Renato .
We sat in the back yard/ garden .
Surprise surprise , it also just tasted like oil .
Go to place in St.
We each took a half a sandwich .
Chef came out .
Thanks for bringing Poke to St.
She was very unfriendly and felt like we were an inconvenience .
Wem das Anglerglück hold war , der kann sich seinen Fisch auch direkt vor Ort räuchern lassen .
Wir wurden nicht enttäuscht , ganz i m Gegenteil .
It felt like I was sitting on plywood .
My recommendations : 三杯鸡 , oyster omlet , and scallion pancake .
The girls just stood there and looked at us .
Así que , un jueves de verano , las fuimos a buscar cerca de las 21.30 horas .
We made reservations and upon arrival they sat us at a table near the very back , right by the chef 's work table .
All meals were affordable ranging from 8 $ ( souvlaki ) to 13 $ ( pastitsio ) to $ 15 ( grouper ) .
The hostess literally did n't say a word to us from the time we walked in to when we were seated .
Told the waiter and she hurriedly wiped it down but the table was still sticky .
A few minutes later Tammy walked up to our table and asked what we had wanted .
I 'm sorry , I was n't paying attention .
Without pause or hesitation it was taken care of .
OMG they finally opened the restaurant .
I was told " It 's not my fault , guys . "
We sat on the patio and loved the views .
" we do n't have the stuff for it . "
We walked inside and were immediately greeted and sat down at the bar .
Rose sangria to drink and tres leches for dessert .
Our server , Jo , took awesome care of us like we were a part of her family .
+ The food was ok .
We were treated like royalty .
My husband and I trekked from Memphis to St.
We walked in and no one said anything and then eventually after a lot of awkwardness we were pointed to a table .
Die chinesischen Mitarbeiter bereiten das Essen in der Küche zu , was zum Authentizitätswert des Essens definitiv beiträgt .
Th mixed drinks were not my fav .
Seared on the outside and moist and succulent on the inside .
We sat at the bar .
Thanks for fixing whatever was broken :)
It was a nice night so we sat outside to dine .
It would 've been my parents ' 33rd anniversary , so we ordered a honorary Bloody Mary for my dad 's seat .
Everyone from the hostess to the guy that seated us was very nice .
A quick walk on over from their house and we were seated indoors in a sunny table by the front window .
Our waiter was very courteous and we felt very welcomed the instant we stepped into the restaurant .
We sat upstairs at a table overlooking the street .
We were seated in the back room by ourselves .
I went with her to assist carrying the order back to the office .
When we questioned our server , she responded " Oh I thought she told you we ran out " .
My parents and I ate here Saturday night .
First thing I said to my husband when I sat down : " It is so noisy in here " .
No one spoke and it was like we intruded .
Thy were meaty and massive .
Our server was very attentive .
I went up to said manager and inform him we just saw everything he said and that 's incredibly disrespectful .
Nos atendió un hombre muy amable y atento .
Everyone in our party were very impressed .
From the moment we walked in we were treated horribly .
All this time I thought poached eggs meant egg whites . "
We ate at one of the cafe tables on the sidewalk , which made for a really pleasant evening .
The only strange part about the experience was the presentation .
The neat freak comment was completely inappropriate .
We took the trolley .
The guy acted exasperated , like the whole thing was out of his control .
My sister and I sat at the bar .
Olivia was our server & had just transferred from another store but did pretty good .
They had a booth reserved for us and sat us immediately .
It was a great day out so we sat out on the porch and people watched .
Bedienungen waren sehr freundlich und aufmerksam , die Omelettes lecker .
It was a nice day so we sat outside .
It really was a relaxing fun experience .
Dustin is thee most attentive server .
No dudo en valorar a este lugar con cinco estrellas .
When we ate in the restaurant it was a pleasant experience .
It took over five minutes before one of the four employees asked gruffly if I had been waited on .
I ve been coming here since I was a little kid - my grandparents live in the Santa Ynez Valley in Santa Barbara County .
We were angry so we notified the corporate office .
We sat out on the picnic table which was fine .
El estilo de pizza fue a la piedra , con salsa de tomate y queso muzzarela en una cantidad ideal .
The owner came over and chatted with us for a while about St.
El peor servicio al cliente que he visto en mi vida !
We were seated in a quiet booth by the bar , which was not loud at all despite it being a Friday night .
The restaurant was almost full by the time we left around 6:15 p.m.
The rest of the food was OKAY .
I almost did a spit - take when I read Brooke 's comment on the decor - so ridiculously true .
Our last stop before leaving was the Botanical Gardens .
We were on a family vacation from Arkansas as this is one of the closest locations to us .
The whole bottom of the glass was covered in salt .
He seemed confused , and it took an awkward minute - long exchange for him to understand we had n't yet received our order .
We were greeted warmly and the wait staff treated us as if we were royalty .
Santino our wait person was super
There was no one ahead of us .
They put us by the open door even though we asked to be inside because it was chilly out .
We sat outdoors at sunset and watched dolphins playing in the water as we ate .
We were in pure bliss after the first bite .
Once we finally were seated the food was all delicious .
" OMG the food was great "
Our local friend pointed us to Lilly 's .
She gave us a pager and showed us to the bar .
When I mentioned to our server that someone should have visited our table , she was indignant .
It was a bit annoying . )
But then this was THE WORST PART .
We were seated immediately adjacent to the bar area , and it was quite loud .
" I 'm just messing with you - we were just inside and sang happy birthday to you . "
We were sitting on the opposite end , and had to crane our necks .
Well the staff of 3 were sitting at a table right by the register , and they all looked miserable .
We were seated promptly and given our menus , which are half - French , half - English .
After eating we explored the building & sat on the balcony upstairs .
A woman was waiting for her food and one of staff brought her a chair and offered her a seat .
No one behind the counter said anything about it either .
It 's some kind of thick , chewy abomination .
My husband and I stayed at the Hilton hotel on St.
It 's a complete rip off .
It was picture perfect actually .
We sat at the counter and watched the guys make the pizzas .
Hungry as we were , the entire meal ( except the pickle ) was an utter let - down .
We were seated near Ben , the Manager , who was very helpful in giving advice about what to order .
One of the hostesses takes us to a table .
Wir sehen uns wieder .
Absolutely horrible experience .
It took about 10 minutes for the car in front of us to get their meal and then we pulled up to pay .
The food was completely disgusting .
Enrique was our server and he took great care of us .
Since this restaurant is located on the edge of The Hill , St.
The deli lady and the cashier were the only employees that spoke to me or make eye contact for that matter .
Our latest stop was during lunch time as I was headed to St.
There were only 4 groups of people counting us and it was pretty loud .
My own fault .
6 The clerk offered 5 cinnamon rolls for our inconvenience .
We sat close to the front and waited .
The sink counters were also completely wet .
She sat us down at the table and went over to the computer and tinkered around with it .
Brutal - oh , and the bathroom was disgusting .
The waitress sort of stared at her blankly and did n't really know what to do .
OK , the sandwich was the worst part .
Thanks Brigitte for showing St.
No one even looked up at us .
We sat outside on the patio which was just lovely .
Adrian was our server and she was a delight .
That was the most amazing part .
We completely cleaned all of our plates .
We entered the restaurant and we were told to seat ourselves .
The GM , AGM and Executive Chef all stopped by the table to ensure everything was perfect .
Las porciones son bastantes generosas .
Much to my surprise , Iwas very satisfied .
The crowd was sort of stuffy .
Chris ate the rest ( of course ) .
It was like a culinary moment .
Our server , Cesar , was excellent .
It was that point that the entire experience was completely and thoroughly unacceptable .
We sat in the upstairs piano bar and it was so romantic .
It 's also super easy to get to via the streetcar if you 're in the area since it 's on St.
Dawson 's food was Very Good .
It was just mind boggling that this place is owned by The Bayou , which is one of my favorite stops in Manayunk .
The whole thing was moist and flavorful and frankly , I was jealous .
The temperature was very cold and uncomfortable .
That 's the most disappointing part .
John , our server , along with the rest of the crew were super attentive and courteous .
Even my 4yo daughter said , " it 's so crunchy it 's like eating seeds " !
We had no idea of what to do .
Since it was our first time at this place , were were given the Dolce Patricia for free and let me tell you , it was incredible ! !
- We were staying a nearby hotel .
They seated us at a huge booth .
The waitress was very attentive .
I tell the waiter .
We looked around an no one had food .
The Hamburger was pure perfection .
After a few minutes we were finally acknowledged .
The entire screen was so dark that I was not able to make out the faces of the actors on the screen .
The manager seemed dumbfounded we were meeting .
Entramos y nos pareció muy ameno , limpio y confortable para comer ahí .
We ate on the front porch .
Everyone at the table enjoyed them .
The entire meal was amazing .
As we walked in we were seated immediately in the back .
The place was packed but we were seated right away which was nice .
The waitress sensed we were in a hurry and came back promptly after I gave her my card .
Glued to it were many flies and miscellaneous bugs .
Nadine was very generous in letting us move inside !
We went to the tortilla press across the street .
Nicole was our server , she was extremely pleasant and had an almost historical knowledge of food items and city culture alike .
Maria our server was so nice and helpful .
Our orders and our living social voucher were taken .
It was an extra special experience because the weather was nice so we sat out on their beautiful patio .
Louis , we had a fantastic dinner here .
We were given a table right in front of it .
Its my new fav .
Our server Duncan was very attentive .
The servers were all very polite and attentive .
The server seemed indifferent the entire time .
He just tossed his food , as did I.
This is officially our new favorite place to eat in Mt.
We were told to take a seat and a server came over and took care of us .
Its the frozen kind .
Tammy , one of the food runners was awesome .
Upon first glance I was extremely disappointed .
I was really taken aback by the general demeanor of the young lady who took our order .
Michael our server was excellent .
As for the restroom itself- it was also disgusting .
" Do the mountains look like white elephants ? "
The onions were disgusting .
Al greeted us as we walked in the door .
Alexa our server was very attentive .
The dining area was really quite loud .
It was one of the worst experiences of my life .
We arrived right on time and were immediately seated .
The price for what we got was right on the nose . "
Schlafly Bottleworks is one of my favorite places to go to in St.
Bad first impression , we were seated right away but were only
It was very crowded on board and I 'm really glad that we were able to get seats in the shade because the sun was INTENSE .
We found a booth ( and the soda fountain , kind of hidden in the back ) and when our food came , my face fell .
After eating brunch , we enjoyed walking around the boat & sitting at a table on the lower deck taking in all the sights .
We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express next door which is perfect walking distance from Shepards .
The only fault was there were a lot of dirty tables
We sat at the bar and had a birdseye view of the kitchen and were able to see all the various dishes as they were prepared .
( And there 's Ben and Jerry 's right next door for dessert )
The server was pretty unapologetic about the whole situation , and I really felt like we were a huge inconvenience for him .
Handlebar is my favorite bar in St.
4 ) There was no food whatsoever .
PLEAH SACH - KHOE ( ~$8 ): This was my favorite dish of the night .
It 's conveniently located right off the interstate .
Sandy , our server , treated us like family .
Leigh was our waitress , very nice to talk to !
The beignets were absolute perfection .
We went to Puckett 's boathouse instead which was much more low key and had way better wine
We sat on the patio and enjoyed the warm Nashville night .
My mouth waters just thinking about it .
We sat down to a beautiful table right by the open shutters .
Well folks it was disgusting ! ! !
The owner / chef came out to greet us and he shared a nice glass of limoncello with us .
This place was recommended to us by a friend and oh my gosh was it terrible .
The weather was beautiful and we sat outside .
The oddest thing of the night was they kept locking the door to the restaurant despite it being middle of service ( 7 pm ) .
The rest of the food was OK .
The best part was the food , OMG .
Randall , our server was super patient .
The place is very dark and even in the dark we could see how dirty it was .
The whole sandwich was pretty awful .
I was incredibly jealous of his meal .
The overhang above the patio was kind of grody looking .
Even w/o reservations we were seated almost immediately .
We stayed in GSR so it was only a 6 minute drive so it 's very convenient .
Our server then responded , " I honestly do n't even know what you ordered " .
It was delicous the bread was amazibg abd it was nt soaked in grease .
We walked right up and felt at home .
We also had the pleasure of meeting Harry , the owner , who stopped our table and asked us how everything was .
Loved burning candle on the table , it felt romantic and peaceful .
The concierge just looked down .
Scott kept our water glass & coffee cup full .
Patio vibes af .
Our assessment : it was tasty .
the whole experience was great .
the cheese plate was A - OK .
Overall it was a really fun experience
She was the waitress , the server , and the sous chef .
We ate at Giordano , s Wednesday night and shared a small sausage , pepperoni and mushroom pizza .
The service was personal and attentive .
The seasoning was perfect and they were exceptionally moist .
The owner 's girlfriend ( Jennifer ) came over and wanted to speak with us about our experience .
K- the exterior of the store was very clean , and the entrance was good and really looked presentable .
Every staff member we came into contact with was a complete joy !
We ate dinner and it was delicious .
Zack at the Goleta In N Out was very rude .
We got 1 Stretch Armstrong , man , it was cheesy .
The waitress was in a foul mood as soon as we entered the restaurant .
This was one of our favorite stops in NOLA
He took our wine and put it over on a window sill .
Mi esposa y yo habiamos intentado en otras ocasiones pero siempre estaba cerrado .
we were shown to our table and were attended to immediately .
The sauce was so smooth and delicious .
What an absolutely delightful experience my mother and I had at Marmont !
Spoke with the front desk & they were unconcerned & rude .
I did not touch the gumbo .
We were seated immediately and orders were taken .
It was all arranged by the bellman .
@Nick from the blue duck if you are at work now then you were one of the people who did this and yes it 's unacceptable .
The lady who brought our food did not say a word just dropped the food on the table and turned around .
We sat inside in the bar area .
My friend and I RAN to the car and jumped in , and he rode past us , circling the lot .
Ashley was our server in the bar area and she was very accommodating .
We had to ask for water four times and when we got it , it was luke warm ....... annnnnd it was n't busy .
OMG this entree was so delish .
That is the correct term . "
We still got a table but it was right up front near the door and it was very uncomfortable .
I was the only person in the place .
W did n't even spend the night .
Our servers were very attentive .
We were seated immediately and marveled at the gorgeous sunset views .
7 ) LOVED our waitress .
The waiter was very polite and attentive .
We go here only when we shop at the nearby Costco as it makes it very convenient place to go to dinner .
This is my favorite pizza in St.
She paid and we waited near the entrance .
The tables and floors were filthy .
We sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender a bit .
Americano was a very enjoyable dining experience .
Needless to say ... the whole experience was so terrible there was nothing special about the food .
I spent two weeks in St.
The waiter made the drinks for us and they were delicious .
It was a weekend when all my girls came back to town and we had gone kayaking/ S.U.P.
The entire staff was friendly and extremely attentive .
~Critic Kid
The other women in the locker room were equally surprised at the closures .
The server asked us how our food was .
The place is very nice , we sat by the fire and it was cozy and quite beautiful .
Excelente la comida .
The bar seats were full so we sort of stood by the door .
The whole pasta tasted a bit dry .
It was definitely one of my favorite restaurants in St.
After a few minutes we were seated .
Our server was extremely polite and even brought us each a small hard candy when she brought us our check .
Our waiter , Cory , was very helpful and attentive .
We ordered a bottle of wine and sat in comfy seats outside to wait for our table .
We had lunch at Ruby 's today , and it was a very negative experience .
Everything about our experience was top notch .
Its just that the initial wait was kinda long .
Jeff came over to tell us about the late night happy hour and the dinner specials .
It is just across the street from 30th Street Station , and just down the street from Drexel University .
Tras de que se tardaron habían personas que llegaron después de mi y ya estaban comiendo .
The chicken wings were very moist .
We had the rose , chard , pinot and cab - all very delicious !
The bartender , Dan , greeted us immediately .
We basically spent the rest of our night and elevator ride to our room in shock of the rudeness we had just experienced .
Sad , poor little chicken .
The food was so bland and such a let down .
The hostess was very accommodating and attentive while we waited a few minutes .
We sat outside since it was nice that morning .
I 'm at a loss for words .
We were seated immediately and the staff were all absolutely friendly .
When I called back , the lady seemed a bit skeptical .
Madeline was our primary server .
We had taken our family here last night .
The waitress that waited on us was very friendly and attentive .
Look , me and my husband were the only people in the restaurant , I felt like she was trying to get us to leave .
I stopped in the evening of St.
Luckily it was n't freezing because we had to stand outside the restaurant because it is so small .
The servers offered to reseat us immediately but we actually opted to sit outside and watch the rain .
The other bartender who was mostly helping us was nice and seemed " people friendly " .
Overall , we were very pleased with the whole experience .
" Oh , you had a faulty buzzer " .
We sat at the bar area .
Michael who took my phone order and greeted me was very polite and professional !
They ALWAYS asked for recommendations . "
( yes I copied the menu) ..... WOW was this delicious .
We ate the following :
I ca n't remember the name .
Noone seemed to care we were here .
As they drove to the sponge docks located on Dodcanese blvd .
" You said a tall glass . "
:) We enjoyed our experience !
All of the waitstaff were standing around the back of the restaurant looking at us awkwardly .
We had our breakfast outside near the train tracks .
We were greeted by an employee the moment we walked in the door , which made us feel quite welcomed !
We got our food quickly ( drinks took a little bit longer but we were hungry so we did n't care ) and thy apologized for that .
They had a great time and we all felt extremely welcomed .
Todos sus gustos -de los cuales subo foto- estuvieron deliciosos .
The server gave us the specials and was very attentive .
The owner just smiled when we voiced our concerns .
Michelle our waitress was very helpfull .
She had no idea .
We were honestly overwhelmed with our choices and had no idea which route to take .
We waited 15 minutes and were sat .
We were standing at the door for a good 5 minutes before we were even acknowledged .
It was crowded already but we were seated at the counter immediately .
Me and my fiancé sat upstairs by the window and had a nice view of the water .
ahhhhhh that was really nice .
The food was absolutely delicious .
We sat ourselves and pulled 2 tables together because no one greeted us .
We sat outside on their patio on a sunny day .
I 'm one of those annoying vegan types ( ugh , I know , I hate myself , too )
We went to Lil Dizzys Cafe as it was very close to our airbnb in Treme .
Service was awesome and our chef kept everyone laughing throughout the entire experience .
Overall everyone at the table was not impressed .
Ironically , the most disappointing part of the meal was the tea that my parents and I ordered .
But o did eat the beef which was tasty
They were a bit meh
It was kind of windy , but we eventuallytook our food outside anyways .
the hostesses seated us promptly and when I asked for a table rather than a booth they were very accommodating .
our waiter seemed pretty overwhelmed , poor guy !
When we sat down the woman immediately took the chop sticks off the table and brought back forks .
The manager , Bog , was very helpful , too !
I did n't even eat the food
We pull up and it just so happens there s a parking lot about a 100 feet from the place .
When I stepped out of my car it smelled soooo goood ! !
It was a cool experience for her and I.
It was right behind our hotel so it was very convenient !
The entire staff was very attentive and assisted us in setting up our little bar area ( this is a BYOB ) .
These were his exact words : " this is a buffet , not oyster buffet " .
We were in good company .
Did I mention the pickle ?
It happened to be a perfect day , so we sat outside .
The 7 - course meal was prepared with care and it almost felt like I was a guest in someones home .
When we walked inside to wait - there was definitely a line and a LOT of confusion .
The cake itself was sweet and moist .
The grand finale was the Mexican pizza .
I liked the whole campy experience .
The management never asked how our meal was , ( we witnessed them going table to table ) .
Def worth the price .
We had a seat very close to the door and it was rather cold - not the end of the world .
It was pretty empty when we first got there around 10 am , so we were seated right away .
The service was the most outstanding part of our visit .
We sat right next to the Aquarium and admired the beautiful fish while we dined .
I heard everything ( even the normal volume conversations -- in detail--- happening in the room next door ) .
We looked at the bill and our jaws just dropped .
The entire place was so very disorganized .
The chips and queso were so warm and delicious .
and then we ate the heck of it .
Its not just chicken , its not just pork , its not just cauliflower etc etc etc .
We felt like a thorn in his side .
We were very pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere upon walking into the restaurant .
Alex was our server , and he was friendly , attentive and thoughtful .
Laney told her " well that is n't our problem " .
It was the best part of our meal .
John had the alligator sausage po boy and I had the boiled shrimp .
Spencer , the bartender hooked us up .
The spring rolls were absolutely delicious .
I really felt like I had to flag the waiter down the entire time .
Amber , our waitress was very attentive and efficient .
It was a really nice surprise .
Well that 's how it felt and it was just too tight and the set up was nt comfortable at all .
Not one audible word of greeting or a grunt passed between his lips .
The donuts were so fluffy and delicious .
Neil Brown his wife and the whole crew there make it dining there a true experience .
The manager on duty came over to greet us and our service dog and told us more about the hotel .
We were seated right next to the bar and the noise was a little ridiculous .
My gf and I made our way back up stairs and nabbed two seats at the bar where we remained for the rest of the night .
The whole evening was enjoyable with the exception of the nearly comical over - reaction to our pizza request .
It was a very nice experience .
The worst part was that our table was next to the opera singer guy .
Went for lunch 11/28/09
There was no one in the restaurant when we got there .
The student 's mother was respectful at the register .
We were seated right away and the staff was very attentive and friendly .
Several looked at us no one spoke .
We were then seated and our server Ivan came over very promptly which was nice .
There were a total of 7 shrimp and 8 oysters on the plate .
Made a quick stop in New Orleans & we 're so glad we stopped here for lunch !
She used the statement " I 'm not saying you 're lying , but your food was made correctly " .
Every single detail is perfection .
I was very impressed with the whole deal .
We wiped our table ourselves and returned the cloth to the counter .
the rest of our table had tacos - the carne asada , the carnitas and the fish .
Vicky , our waitress was very friendly and attentive .
The entire atmosphere was very friendly and all the tables were very close to each other .
We used the restroom on our way out and it was FILTHY !
She literally blocked everyone behind and in front of her and they were all yelling at each other .
We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the weather while eating our food .
This place is truly my new favorite place to eat in St.
I did honestly feel like the bartenders were all in a sour mood .
Nick , our waiter , was very attentive , polite and friendly yet professional .
It went like clockwork .
We were seated at an indoor table nonetheless .
We were instructed to sit on a table next to the window which I really liked .
We were sat promptly and our server was very attentive and efficient , I believe her name was Lacy .
I was just shocked by how crisp ( not burned ; crisp ) the outsides were and how creamy delicious the insides were .
As soon as we arrived , they had our seat ready and they were expecting us .
When the soup came out , it was so piping hot , I nearly burnt my tongue .
I was seated at a small table in the back of the restaurant just passed the restrooms .
Atmosphere was Zen - Ful and intimate .
They have welcoming people there everything was amazing
Everyone at our table enjoyed their meals .
Our server , JC , was attentive and wonderful .
When we visited Suegra Saturday night it was with much anticipation .
she had minor bruising ... they comp'd her food and room , but still , that was pretty scary .
We were not seated by the window .
Xochitl was one we rolled the dice on and that roll came up " 7 . "
We were greeted by Andrew the bar manager .
We asked to sit on the other side where it was quieter and it was in the shade .
The manager Melissa was extremely attentive .
The star of the evening was the carribean chicken .
That should have been our first sign something was amiss .
It felt good my friends .
The owner , Lilly , was so kind to us , even ordering us a cab so that we 'd make it to our next engagement on time .
the staff was very nonchalant about it and offered an insincere apology .
The second best spicy beef soup of St.
The owner was sitting next to our table and talked to us for a while .
We sat next to the big kitchen windows in the back of the restaurant .
The brioche toast was very dry .
It was a sight and tasted terrible .
From the moment we walked in to the time we left the service was impeccable and the food was a pure Delight .
that was the best analogy I could come up with )
The most disappointing part of this whole experience was the drinks .
Truly a sweet - savory delight .
When we did see her she dropped off our bill - before we 'd even finished eating .
Its my favorite sandwich shop .
It was all pretty mediocre barbecue .
The ambience was very relaxing and intimate .
Cafe Beignet was a nice little cafe on Bourbon St.
We must have looked like a pack of hungry wolves so we told the hostess what had just happened .
There was no curry .
The food was spectacular .
It was a nice surprise .
Our room was on the top floor .
Upon arrival we were seated promptly .
The wine was also very good i whent there with my friends from here and we have a very good time
I was a little stunned when the waitress told us this .
When we entered , we were shuffled over to a seat that was a mile away from the aquarium and told , " Oh .
What infuriated us the most was the lack of offering to take something off the check , let alone comp the whole dinner .
The pasta was ok , as was the rest of the dinner .
This guy ca n't be serious ! "
My mom was mostly concerned about the chef 's judgement .
They left about 10 min later after we arrived , so we had the entire restaurant to ourselves .
Aaaaah man Landry 's seafood House was awesome .
Only weird thing was the fact that their was absolutely no lighting in the bathroom .
It was cooler in the hallway .
The pizza was so scrumptious , che delizioso !
Honestly , I 'm so upset with how the whole situation was handled .
We also did not receive any water ! ! !
Casey took my order and also delivered it to my car .
Si quieres comer comida de Jalisco ven a este lugar
The rosemary hollandaise was truly delicious .
Dinner was absolutely delicious .
Personal favorite restaurant in St.
Eddie , the manager was really great to talk with .
They had to pull out a ladder and climb up to the ceiling fans to turn them off .
The turnip greens were very bitter .
Best thing we did !
Louis and I miss this place .
We could hear the commotion in the kitchen , which was weird because it did n't seem like we were that close to it .
The table we had was half booth and half high seats .
The sweet & sour chicken was awful - more sweet than sour - and the vegetables in it were really undercooked ( pretty much raw ) .
Just a bad day .
I 'd ordered the tacos al pastor .
The chef stopped by our table to make sure our meal was as ordered and prepared to our liking .
Julian gave us the rundown of what would transpire for our visit since we had 9 in a party ( not sure we needed that ) .
To my surprise , they did nt charge me .
It was a wonderful experience .
A young girl came up to us and took our order .
Our food came out fairly quickly .
We made reservations through opentable.com and were seated promptly when we arrived .
Then the owner of the restaurant stopped by the table and talked with us .
We chatted while we waited for our lunch .
Our second night we ate at Piaso ( pizza ) .
anyway we really liked this place it was really cool looking .
It was very akward and unpleasant .
We stayed in St Louis an extra day to check out downtown St.
Thankfully I scanned the entire menu as the very last item on it happened to be pizza !
Le Rendezvous is an absolute pleasure which we thoroughly enjoy .
When I pulled up I was pretty confused ( and a little bit concerned ) , but was pleasantly surprised when I walked in .
I felt like a fool after they had come to my table because my guest and I only had credit cards , do they take that ?
It was a very cool experience .
All 6 in our party were disappointed .
That s an abuse .
Holy shnikes this was amazing .
I devoured the entire dish quickly .
My boyfriend ordered from the prix fixe menu and I ordered from the a la carte .
I went up to the manager and told him we were leaving and why .
El gyro es buenísimo y la ensalada griega de las mejores q he comido .
Next up was my báhn mí .
There was food like half slices of pizza and ravioli all over the floor .
They set us up at a table where we could sit next to each other as requested .
This has been an awful experience .
When we approached we had our doubts .
It was literally dry chicken , rice and cheese .
After finding the restaurant in a back alley and knocking on the door to get in , we were seated promptly in the front room .
Once we finished eating we went to the game area and things got worse .
The restaurant was filthy , with napkins , food and other trash all over the floor .
Unfortunately , she acted as though I personally offended her and was passive aggressive and super rude the rest of the night .
All in all it was an average experience .
The savory - sweet pastilla .
Finally a man came up to us and told us they were booked for the night and that there was " going to be a long wait " .
One of the managers , Danielle , was hilarious and told us to let her know if we needed anything .
This place is right down the street from my home and we have been there several times .
The sole staff member in the place seemed happy to accommodate us- well , we were the only ones dining in .
Our table was ready early so the bar staff transferred our starter to the table and things went down hill quickly .
Despite the lightning game we were seated quickly and our server David promptly brought us waters and took our order .
While we waited we could hear arguments in the kitchen and at the cash register .
Horrible experience .
A total waste of money .
The happy hour was a JOKE and the food was groosssss .
The effort was worth it , we really enjoyed .
We stopped by for an impromptu lunch .
His verbal abuse practically ruined my night .
The cornbread was sweet and delicious .
What I really liked though was that the chef that prepared the food came out and talked to us during our meal .
Overall it was a mixed bag .
Glad we did .
One of the servers informed us by the time we placed our order there would be tables for us and that was true .
It was sooo creamy !
The best part .
Excited I was I hurried back to the hotel .
Was " comped " the sandwich .
We got up to the desk clerk and gave him my name and was told my room was not ready .
It was very delicous and each bite was flavorful .
Not a good sign , we havn't been back !
The waiter was our biggest complaint .
We paid and talked to the manager .
ron appears as our waiter .
It smelled like we were sitting across a fish farm pier and rotting socks .
He was very nice to us when we brought up how unsatisfactory the food was .
It was the better choice of our two selections .
She seemed upset when we did n't order more than pizzas .
" I 'll get to you when I can"-- Not the best way to greet paying customers .
It was a warm experience .
We drank the beers while we waited , and they were delicious .
Everyone stared blankly at him , including the other people in line .
Very attentive to our needs .
He also let me know that he shared with the other staff members that information .
Our waiter , Ritchie , was memorable .
We had the sexy geisha roll and rose cave ( my favorite )
Our server , Soula , was very personable and gave us her genuine opinion when we asked .
I felt a tad under dressed for how nice and elegant it was inside .
The chefs were Mexican ? ? ?
The rice with it was totally plain too .
Too bad it was cold by the time we got it home , which was only a five minute drive .
We made our way all the way to the end of the pier and added our name to the wait list .
She told us to go walk around since there was a farmers market happening close by the restaurant .
We were rudely informed that it was a take or leave it situation .
It was 40 degrees in the bathroom , really really cold .
Our room was pretty clean .
The second time I asked she said no ... guess it depends on who is taking ur order .
The bacon was the only thing edible .
The lady greeted us warmly .
The breakfast biscuit was our least favorite .
The only place you could sit was a lunch counter that faces the wall ... the black , blank wall .
Set inside a strip mall i could n't tell if it was even open from the outside , but once inside it was very clean and welcoming !
The restaurant was very clean and inviting .
Everyone in our party loved it .
It was only a short wait as they gathered our order .
From the time we walked in the door , until we walked out the door , the people working there were friendly and attentive .
The food was great ( as always ) and our server , Mohammed , was very attentive and kept us laughing all night .
The quality was pretty good and it wast tasty and cheap !
The funny thing is that nobody was sitting outside , because it was " too cold " ...
This place lied and said we did n't answer the phone .
The drive to this location is quite scenic and windy up into the hills of Santa Barbara .
There was no table available which was fine since we were late .
I could nt believe it , we did nt even order the duck !
The fish and chips was disgusting .
Special thanks to our server Sierra .
It 's really such a shame because the place is so nice and the other items we ordered was very good .
We went there today and it was horrible !
The ground were gorgeous .
We were seated right away and I really enjoyed the paintings and atmosphere all over the restaurant .
Best Donuts in St.
The two waiters / cooks were sitting down in the dining area when we arrived .
It gave me the feeling like " y' all are family " .
Also the restroom was disgusting as well as table and chairs we sat on .
I called back to speak to the owner or manager- they were not there .
The pulled pork was so delicious .
No alcohol was tasted .
They did n't even check back at the table until we flagged them down to report the missing plates .
They gave us a flan as apology and it was killer .
My daughter suggested that we stopped and grab a bite to eat and I 'm so glad we did .
The salads were less than delightfulwith crushed avacado slices thrown into the bowl as an afterthought .
The wait was n't terribly long and we were seated relatively quickly .
( Haha that was another one lol ) but completely seriously it 's grrrreat ! ! !
The place was not crowded when we arrived and we were promptly seated .
the waitress was " bitchy " .
Our new favorite restaurant .
Spoiler alert : it was n't indifferent but rather seemingly downright rude .
It was seriously a lone piece of ground meat ( to their credit , the manager did comp that meal ) .
We were sat right away and our waiter came over and explained the drink menu .
Edit- chicken was RAW .
We were greeted with smiling faces and immediately seated .
The first day I went in the place was crowded but we were seated promptly and our order was taken right away .
It was an unidentifiable piece of gray rubbery meat ( I think ) .
Thanks to te people of La Colombe
We sat on their outdoor balcony seating , which has lovely views of the Schuylkill and University City .
I had never been there before but when I walked in the first thing I noticed was how pristine clean it was .
Every last bite of every last dish was bliss .
I wo n't go back which is rather unfortunate because it 's just down the street .
At this point my friend and I recognized the danger for the two of us and asked to be moved inside to which we were told " No . "
The place smelled so smoky , ugh .
Daniel the Mgr greeted us immediately upon eye contact !
The owner was very involved and came over to ask how everything was .
They apologized for the inconvenience , which was nice , and told us to sit anywhere we 'd like .
Chef Bond 's cooking bona fides are the real deal - he studied in Florence , Italy and Le Cordon Bleu in NYC .
I was immediately impressed with how clean the store was .
It was a bit awkward .
I can tell this is a locals favorite & boy was I glad we went !
It 's unacceptable behavior .
( Remember - it 's not a bargain if the food is bad . )
Our server was very attentive and friendly as well .
We sat on the patio with our dog and she brought a bowl of water and was very patient with the pup :) ca n't wait to come back !
Even the manager was shocked how ours looked .
The breakfast potatoes were spectacular as well .
We sat in the restaurant area since I 'm underage , but I liked the atmosphere .
When we sat down to wait for our food I thought wow this is taking a long time given the fact we were the only people in there .
I really enjoyed eating here it is just the cutest place , we loved the decor .
The girl next to me ordered one of the Benedict 's .
I literally got a look of disgust when I walked in and the girl was pissed off the entire time I was there .
This is a great little BYO on Sansom , right down the street from Melograno .
My boyfriend and I decided to stop by for lunch yesterday , and I am so glad we did .
Ivan was so rude to ALL of the girls in our group !
When I finished the shower the floor was soaked .
We ended up just sitting at one of the empty patio tables until the hostess notified us that a table was ready .
Our guide , Raymond was very knowledgeable and friendly .
" It was making noise and scaring the employees so we turned it off . "
It was so sweet and rich , we ended up sharing a slice .
We went to Carisma Restaurante again tonight .
We walked in the restaurant and were seated at a table by the bar immediately .
It 's just does n't make sense .
We walked here from our hotel ( Hotel Monaco ) and are so glad we did !
Our waiter Kubec was very attentive and service was great .
The overall negative was the staff .
The soup was so fresh , so flavorful .
Adorable cafe in Ybor City .
The stuffed peppers were mushy and quite disgusting .
Luckily for us , we came just in time to snag the last available table .
The presentation was impressive and amazing .
We took our family here and were all around impressed .
It was love at first sight .
We had a reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival .
The front desk lady at our hotel ( The Lafayette ) recommended Lucy 's - and wow am I glad I asked !
We waited about 10min or so and we were seated ( it was a Thursday night ) .
The seating inside was a bit weird .
She made us feel like peasants .
My girlfriend and I enjoyed everything we ordered !
Last evening , Tony was our server ( Cambodian name Chomnan ) .
I took a quick bite and agreed with her that it was fantastic .
Thankfully when we left the entry way it did n't carry into the dining room .
Phan greeted us while we were checking out the menu .
The food was very fresh and delectable .
ron has not said a peep to either Charlie or me .
No " We 're glad you chose to dine with us " or even a simple " Good evening . "
Our servers were Fernandez and Katrina , they were BEYOND AMAZING ! !
Our waiter was very friendly and attentive .
The owner continued to curse us as we crossed the street to leave in our car .
We dined - in on a quiet summer Saturday , and found the service extremely hospitable and attentive .
Our server was very friendly and attentive .
So hot it burned my lips .
We were seated on the West side and the sun was setting .
We where visiting the Garden District anyway and we took a short cab ride over .
She took forever ... then as soon as she gave us our food she gave us the check .
The pull - apart tender meats .
The best part of the buffet was the complimentary champagne
The ambience was weird , too .
Within minutes , the server greeted us ( Ashley ) and handed us menus .
The bathroom was immaculate , also .
We dined outside on the patio since the weather was nice - inside looks comfy and a bit less casual .
The plates and everything were just really cute ..
I did n't know we had to specify color when ordering " no onions . "
Beth ordered the southern chicken salad .
Likes : The atmosphere inside the restaurant was absolutely amazing .
Ken was also present and very humble about my compliments .
Everyone from the staff to the Manager was very helpful and accepted us with open arms !
It 's " A - OK " .
Did sit outside that was nice cause we had good sunny weather .
Seemed a bit expensive but the overall experience was A - OK !
My Apologies to any staff affected .
Our server was very attentive also .
We then split a creme brulee -- it was average .
Kasii , our waitperson was very attentive , friendly , and helpful .
They were very loud and seemed out of place .
They did not look flustered , so I honestly do n't know what the issue was .
The car in front of us was still waiting so that 's exactly what we did too .
I think we helped ourselves to the take out containers close to our booth table .
The only thing vaguely edible was the corn pudding and mashed potatoes .
We stood by the door waiting to be seated for a good 5 minutes .
The restaurant was crowded but we got seated quickly at the bar .
We picked up the carrot and chocolate cake slices .
We were greeted quickly and took a seat at the sushi bar .
The pizza was delicious .
We took the St Charles car from near Canal to a few blocks from Surrey 's .
Muriel 's is a great stop in NOLA .
It was a horrible dining experience .
I do n't even remember the excuse but it was really lame .
Third and the final straw , the food was HORRIBLE ! ! ! ! !
One person from our party approached the manager to complain and was basically just told , " we 're busy " .
Me & my husband got up & walked right out of there & went to Waffle House & were treated very good there .
The salad was pretty overwhelming , too .
it was a totally different visit .
At the end of our meal the maitre d or manager came and asked us about our experience .
The owner Anthony was kind enough to greet us and explain the meaning behind the name of the restaurant .
It was like dining at the home of your favorite aunt ; she was pleasantly chatty , enthusiastic , and attentive .
When I brought it to our servers attention she said " well everybody else likes it " .
Tricia 's salt pepper fish was very good .
Right down the street from where we were staying .
Our entire family flew in town today from all over the country .
Worst service of my life ! ! ! !
The ceiling was gross to look at .
" The best reception I have ever attended "
This place was recommended by a local in the neighborhood we are staying in and it was so worth it !
[ At this point , I was ready to walk out except that we had to use our voucher .
Great surprise below we drove home to San Diego .
It was a bit chilly , so upon request our waiter turned on the outdoor heaters for us which was nice touch .
:) This place is delicious .
My family and I went here for lunch and it was absolutely delicious .
The worst part was it took 20 mins to get from the front desk to the room .
It 's crack I tellya , crack .
It was an overall pretty average dining experience .
There were only 3 tables .
The dessert was just weird .
I held the railing for dear life .
Cons : Boring .
I was pleasantly surprised that we were seated quickly once I explained the experience at our previous visit .
We found parking on the street , which was surprisingly easier to find than expected .
It was all top notch .
Everything was delicious especially the seafood ( of course ! ) .
LOL ( but we 're not sorry ! )
The inside of the restaurant was completely full so we had to sit outside in the tented patio .
It really was such a lovely day !
All in all , it was a pleasant experience .
The ambience was very warming .
The sandwiches were huge and absolutely delicious .
The cake was delicious .
EDIT 1/19/10-
The octopus was delectable .
Lilian was our server and it took her at least 8 minutes to greet us and take our orders​.
Even though it was warm outside the room felt air conditioned and comfortable .
we did n't stay here so ca n't comment on that but we wandered around the hotel and gardens .
Wo n't come back for food .
Ha , the breakfast was just okay .
While we were waiting the manager came up to us , offered us drinks , and told us the next available table was ours .
but actually , Izakaya Ren is abooout the same distance , so it 's ok .
I devoured the entire meal in very short order .
The ciopino that was in special the day we dined was incredible .
SOOO glad we picked this place !
The pizza itself was delicious .
Anyway , the rest of the food was okay .
She did return and sat us by the window .
We were sent across the street to the gas station to get cash .
it 's the best part .
Massimo ( chef and owner ) stopped by our table before we left .
Our attentive waitress returned to take our orders- I got the heuvos rancheros and my boyfriend the salmon eggs benedict .
It was awful and a waste of money .
It was a calm little oasis on Bourbon St.
The tender had a pocket of hot grease in it so when she took a bite , the grease spurted out onto the roof of her mouth .
It did n't taste like chicken at all .
Overall , it was a nice experience .
The overall experience is " authentic . "
We were so excited when we walked up because it was the perfect atmosphere on the perfect day to be outside .
The food was absolutely delicious ! ! ! ! ! !
As Chef said , " we 're making gumbo , not thumbo ! "
My roommate and I went last night after reading about it on Thrillist- we usually go to Nom Nom Ramen .
Did I mention the chicken cheese steak ?
Once inside ( which was deafening ! ) they gave us two small slices of bruschetta .
The waitress did not bring us flatware or napkins .
I soon as one of the servers saw us he opened the door for us .
It was busy the morning we went but we sat on the patio so there was no wait .
What a horrible start of our meal .
We got cafe au lait panna cotta with mini glazed donuts , which reminded us of beignets at cafe du monde .
Thank god the hostess led us up the stairs because I could n't see a damn thing !
As leaving they gave us a box of cookies for free which was very nice .
The hotel is broken up into 3 main categories - Cascades , Delta & Magnolia .
They took the meat off the bones and prepared it in a way to make " scallions . "
Our server Robert was very attentive and friendly .
chef and manager both stopped by to ask how things were , and our waiter was very attentive .
They were a funky red color .
As I started to get upset at our table , my boyfriend said " Let 's go to Jones " .
We sat on the small outdoor patio made special by a grand sunset .
She stated " Oh , well that 's the way we make them here" .... and that was it .
No one smiled at us , and we were completely ignored throughout our stay .
The hostess seated us at the last available table .
There were n't any beans .
Room : Our room was great .
We did also get to see a short tour of the upstairs private kitchen and dining room which was beautiful as well .
The staff was very attentive .
The food we had was pretty good .
My wife and I recently went to Red Mesa during a brief stop in St.
My girlfriends and I got dressed up , made our way to the restaurant , and the second we walked in , I knew it was a mistake .
Farmhaus is another great restaurant in St.
Everyone at our table enjoyed their food ! !
The waitress was not apologetic , just annoyed when I confronted her and said " I did n't know you wanted happy hour " .
I glanced at the staff and asked them something in Vietnamese and she replied which was rather assuring .
What I did notice was the complete lack of bacon or sausage or anything pork related .
The pizza was cold and looked terrible .
It was a really fun experience .
Honestly bothered my whole dining experience there .
My husband and I dined there last night .
We were told they would leave in 15 min .
" Ma'am go around the other side of the wall " even though it ended up at the same place .
And did I not mention that the head chef , mark , made sure all of our food came out to our pleasing ?
Very unpleasant experience .
We sat outside on the veranda , enjoying our yummy food and the lovely December weather .
Management did not come by to apologize , and when we brought up the situation they acted like it was a normal everyday thing .
My boyfriend and I shared a dozen oysters and a glass of champagne .
I m from Metairie , but I live in town south of Guadalajara , Mex .
Upon entering , we decided to eat at the deli , because it looked like rain .
It was our favorite meal of the trip !
The raspberry was my least favorite .
It was a perfect gamble .
Def not a place to sit & have conversation .
i immediately hung up after i heard no apology whatsoever .
Eating at this cafe in the middle of the flea market was the most pleasant surprise of our trip .
The place was filthy .
A few cars in front of us but no one moving so I went inside to order to - go .
It was a nice festive atmosphere .
:) We finally made it inside after my scary driving .
Well , I just want to say we came here by chance and we are very lucky that we did !
Thoroughly enjoyed our visit to Salty 's this evening .
The only creditable thing was that they agreed to take the duck off my bill .
Our server was polite and attentive at all times .
When I pointed out my really dirty drink glass the waiter just replied " ok " ...
I walked to the counter to let her know I was ready , and also showed her my groupon .
My wife & I had a very enjoyable first visit to Bici this evening ( Saturday ) .
After a 45 minute wait , we finally got to our table outside .
The sushi chef never made eye contact with us .
The place was clean inside but the food .... nada !
Our server was wonderful and so accommodating .
We stayed 2 nights at the Western and 3 at the Nugget .
It was an expensive night for average .
It was very challenging to get her attention .
The poor thing .
Food arrived quickly and the waiter and the mgr stopped by to ask us how everything was .
Oh and the food was " good " .
The decor is " rustic modern " and incredibly cozy .
AND THEN they sprayed the tables next to us with very strong chemicals .
She asked who that was and we were unable to answer , as she never told us her name .
it took over 30 min to get our pizza .
For us , it was a wonderfully memorable experience .
Our waiter , Kyle , must 've been having an off day .
My favorite beef pie .
Holy cow it was delicious .
We arrived about 15 minutes early and had to wait on the bench back by the bathrooms for a few minutes .
As we were leaving I noticed all the black hold on the wall in the living room area .
It did not feel like we were sitting in the middle of the french quarter .
My favorite was the stuffed pepper .
He finds out we 're trying to dine in and refers us to a table .
upon arrival we were greeted by the host .
The bartenders were all attentive .
She did n't say anything but you could see it on her face .
Horrible disgusting not sure how they are even open .
The room that was reserved for us was on the second floor .
Cafe Olivia is tucked in the back corner of the City Market .
I 'm so happy we came upon this place randomly .
This Johnny Rocket 's location was on the bottom floor of the Grand Sierra Hotel , conveniently located next to the pool area .
We were greeted upon arrival and sat quickly ... nothing afterwards was quick .
When I took my first bite the burger literally squirted across the small little round table we were given .
We took a 5 minute ferry ride across the river .
We choose this place yesterday
Valet was super polite , brought the car up for us to check it , it was n't there .
The beers we ordered came out warm .
The waiter was quick to remove our plates , even tho there was still food on them .
The atmosphere was nice ; appropriately quiet .
Our food was delicious ! !
We did n't drive here but the parking situation was limited but I guess that s fine since there was still a wait .
No one told the staff it was her birthday so they must have overheard us talking about it .
The dessert I had ( ca n't remember what it was ) was absolutely disgusting .
The pizza was amazing .
I did n't sit outside , but from what I could tell the little patio area looked lovely .
Everything we had was executed to perfection .
There were also no chunks of lobster in the bisque .
However , it was a horrible experience .
The garlic bread was God awful !
The kitties were so adorable and cute .
The other entrees at the table were Veal Montalbano and chicken Pontchartrain .
Its a little noisy inside due to the kitchen not being completely separated from the dining area .
Richard the shuttle driver kept us in stitches .
It was all very delicious and on point !
Our server was extremely pleasant and attentive .
Being an SPG member , I stayed in one of their club rooms .
Immediatly we felt at home .
As soon as we asked for a table , we were told that they were out of deep dish .
The food was excellent and the staff was very attentive and friendly - especially Shaun .
When we got back to the office everything was packaged great , no spills etc .
The black toilet was weird .
My wife and I flew in from San Antonio Texas .
Wir wollten mit 7 Familienmitgliedern mal so richtig in einem American Diner frühstücken .
My boyfriend and I ate at In Riva last night .
The atmosphere was very charming and quiet .
They were extremely accommodating considering the variety of our group .
It was an excellent decision .
( Calling all cars , calling all cars .
When we finally got the food to us it was bland and dry .
When we walked in , my kids both instantly got super excited .
He did check on us after we received our order which was nice .
The pancakes were horrible .
It almost reminded me of the bread pudding .
The restaurant itself was very clean .
Jenn was our server and so sweet and fun .
I ca n't decide which was better , the pizza or " breadsticks . "
Our server Will was very friendly and attentive .
There was a total of 10 in my group and we all received our food quickly .
It was a nice surprise ..
We had this private booth which was very romantic and nice .
We did n't get to the wings .
There were a few TVs where we were sitting , but none of them were big .
She was the most rude and inconsiderate person I have EVER met .
This place is very understated and a little down trodden ( almost scary ) .
The fish was very fresh .
We were seated in the solarium area which I must say is one of the nicest spots I 've eaten in .
The server was so welcoming and accommodating .
Ondertussen word je getrakteerd op de lekkerste live muziek en hebben ze er heerlijke cocktails en prima wijnen .
The inside seemed very loud ... we were glad to be sitting outside .
When we sat down , our waiter greeted us instantly .
So we ran back down for the missing items and alas still no utensils , soooo we ran back down again .
Ca n't recommend this place .
Hice una orden de 2 tacos , un tamal y unos chips con queso .
When we got there they had no recollection of the reservation and it still took 20 or so minutes to even get a table .
the shrimp was incredibly spongy .
This is our go - to bagel place in St.
And she was pretty standoffish thru out the entire meal .
The absolute most horrible experience !
Unfortunately , it was the wrong choice .
My mom was so annoyed we just left .
We were seated outside , so we were literally eating a few yards from the edge of the pier .
John was our waiter and was terrific .
Only good news we got was when we went back to the car GROUPON let us cancel the $ 39 purchase immediately ....
The waitress seemed remorseful and embarrassed when we shared our experience .
Will make a regular stop when in st .
" Nah , I 'm one of the bartenders . "
Our server said he did n't know what happened .
There was only us and 3 of her friends in the bar .
We did speak to the manager .
We were seated quickly and the service level was absolutely on point .
They were incredibly courteous , even when we added on to our order last minute .
Our waitress took our dinner order and we patiently waited for our food .
Our waitress was very attentive and everyone there was very friendly .
I did n't catch his name .
We enjoyed the red wine - Galatoire 's own , and it was reasonably priced .
Even though it was hot outside and all the windows were open , it was nice and cool inside due to the many large overhead fans .
When we told the waitress she shrugged her shoulders and did nt seem to really care .
They brought champagne to our table as we sat down .
The delivery guy was very very friendly .
A friend and I went spur of the moment and I 'm glad we did .
A totally unexpected disappointing experience .
30 minutes later we sat down .
We were about to leave when the manager ( owner ? ) emerged from the backroom and told us to stick around to see the belly dancer .
what s going on in the kitchen ?
The big deal was it was toasted .
We arrived at the restaurant and were made to wait another 10 minutes because the host was " busy " .
When we alerted our server , his response was , " ew , I 'll be sure to tell the chef . "
It was pretty much the only positive thing about the whole meal besides the cornbread .
The grilled cheese was very unique because it was savory and sweet !
Place was disgustingly filthy .
It was a VERY good choice and we were happy to have chosen this location for our final outing of our vacation .
Our waitress , Delores , was an absolute delight .
We ordered pretty quickly and were able to snag one of the few empty tables .
" General 's Chicken " and of course the egg rolls .
I politely told the hostesses that they could cross off our name , and then waited by the door while he pulled the car around .
That was the best _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ I 've ever had . "
What a horrible experience .
Our order was taken promptly and the food came very soon after .
( I 'll be back for food next time ! ) the staff was extremely friendly and attentive .
I had a salmon sandwich , she had a salad and we shared a cheese plate .
This was the worst dining experience of our entire trip to New Orleans .
We moved to the other side of the restaurant ( still outside ) and the kids made there way over to us and continued playing .
It was within walking distance from our hotel ( InterContinental ) and we greeted and sat immediately .
It was pretty quiet in there despite the large family at the table nearby .
Only one other couple was there and they were very nice to talk to as well .
Kari was invaluable in helping us set up our menu and coordinating the dinner .
My boyfriend and I stopped in to Tria this past weekend and sat outside .
I liked the whole experience ! !
My chicken melted in my mouth it was so succulent and tender .
Completely unacceptable , considering we only had an hour for lunch & we were the only 4 customers in the place ! ! ! !
The server came to check on us and when asked how the food was we could n't reply with anything but " its a little odd . "
We were seated on the third floor .
Even though it is close to the busy road , it feels intimate .
FILTHY , ROTTEN , JUST A VERY DISAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE .
I did n't bother to call back this time .
It was evident that they were trying to save money because when we got there , the lights were turned off .
We sat on the patio on a Saturday night , and despite the noise of the train passing by , it was a fairly quiet atmosphere .
:-) :-) :-) all orders were delicious ! ! !
It 's directly across the street from my office making it very convenient .
John , bartender , was very friendly and attentive .
The waitress did come back for the wrong order haha it was cute .
Service was very prompt and attentive .
My mother said the broccoli was the ' best ' .
I did n't even get a chance to look at the menu nor did I ask him for help which I thought was odd .
The girl at the counter was extremely rude to us as well .
They smelled and was it awful for us and others .
A friend and I went there for AYCE based on a recommendation and were very happily surprised .
Apparently , she was the only one who had a clue what the word " service " means .
Our server was very nice and attentive .
The menu , specifically , was most impressive .
We were seated immediately and our server promptly offered us water and drink menus .
We had an outstanding lunch amid bonus that it was directly across the street from our hotel .
We got small pizzas of crudo , melanzana , and salsiccia .
The rest of the places in the neighborhood were busy .
We were apologetic and offered to pay the full price .
- It seemed like every single person in this place was involved in serving us .
The quiche was quite delicious .
The food was horrible .
The service was very friendly and attentive .
The chicken wings were very small , but cooked " a little extra " as I asked & were really yummy .
It was a quiet Tuesday night .
We ate brunch .
The waiter , Joel , was good .
The sweet potatoes fries were ok as well .
The staff were very accommodating .
The manager stopped by and chatted with us for a little bit as well .
Our waiter Adam was friendly and attentive and thoroughly explained the menu to us .
Our server grinned at me slyly .
The wait staff proceeded to ignore us as we sat there .
The atmosphere was very relaxing and pleasant .
The waiters and waitresses were all very pleasant and attentive .
We went to the person and placed our order .
When I had finally read about the plans for this place I was instantly excited .
The server was attentive .
Guest had eggs Benedict .
you 're making a HUGE mistake .
As I go to take a bite I notice there 's MOLD all over the roll .
We shared the chicken spring rolls .
The coffees were small and it was very hot inside .
I do n't know if it was the red sauce but it was very salty
I went with a group of 3 and we were seated pretty quickly after all getting to the place .
So we looked around in the shop and behind the aquarium .
its like pizza candy .
The cheese complimented it very well too .
I thought that was a nice little touch .
We waited about 10 minutes and were seated on the ' family ? '
It felt like a very ' Vancouver ' sushi experience .
The pizza was just plain terrible .
It was a tad bloody .
The sauce was spicy and divine .
All in all , it was A - OK .
The atmosphere was amazing .
Ca n't comment on the food because did n't get to eat ! ! ! !
SF Kitchen is close to the GSR , my home away from home ; and an even shorter distance from Renown Hospital .
The food was cold and disgusting .
We were pleasantly surprised at the end of the meal when our server brought us 2 mini chocolate fudge cookies .
The food- it was very good !
Bria was our waitress and she was wonderful !
Our waiter ( who reeked of cigarettes ) took our order 1 appetizer , 1 cocktail , 1 glass of wine .
What he described the place to be was spot on .
The chicken was a bit bland but it tasted very fresh .
We went here because it was right across the street from Peppermill where we stayed .
My favorite thing I ate .
Mike was our server , he was truly amazing .
The third time I came it was like dirty , like super dirty .
They were very apologetic about the incident .
She greeted us quickly and took our order quickly as well .
This was one of those rare times when we left the slaw .
Their parking lot is located caddy - corner from the shop and is fenced in so you have a bit of a walk ahead of you .
We tried to complain to the woman managing the floor and her response was , " oh . "
The beef and shrimp were very fresh .
Holy crap , we had an awesome time here .
It was a good suggestion .
The curry was bland and just plain gross .
The weird thing is that we were the only ones there at the time for dinner at 6 pm .
Overall I was very happy with our trip and ca n't wait to go again ! !
My buddy and I went for lunch ( he 's a Philly local ; I 'm an Auslander ) and were n't disappointed .
We ate outside because the interior is so dreary and stuffy .
She brought us the wrong check - of course , ours was higher !
But then I looked at the menu and OMG ... it truly is one of the best places I 've been .
A few of us burnt the roofs of our mouths eating the pizza because it was burningggg .
The Macken Cheese tasted like something was rotten in it .... rancid ?
I brought your food , did n't I ?
Ok had Sunday lunch with my mother and grandmother here and it was just terrible .
The woman working there seemed genuinely angry that we would dare eat at her restaurant .
Then things went terribly wrong .
It took them 15 minutes before anybody check on us .
It was much more than we expected , even for this very special occasion .
We were sat at a booth .
We were seated quickly and the restaurant was fairly empty .
The owner came and spoke with us .
The chef and staff were so welcoming and treated us like royalty !
( Thank you ... I'll be here all night . )
We dined on a Saturday night and the restaurant was sparsely populated , we were seated right away - very good .
From start to finish our experience was wonderful .
My girlfriend and I went there for lunch and it was terrible !
Our new favorite local spot .
glass lid : it seemed small but was very rich and we almost could not finish it !
Once we were seated , it took about 15 minutes for our waiter to come over and take our drink order .
Our server was awesome
We were seated immediately and our waiter came by shortly after .
I felt completely guilty to have suggested the place .
When we left the place was full .
The woman behind the bar came over and told us they were closed .
My wife and I drive all the way from Germantown here .
Thank goodness for Alka Seltzer
The lady sitting next to me on the bench remarked how good my food smelled .
Overall experience was lovely and our server , Joe , was so welcoming and attentive .
We were seated quickly and our server gave us our drinks quickly , but it was a downturn after that .
Literally everyone at the table ordered it ( except me ) .
I looked at the young girl who was the only one out there and kind of let her know that we were ready to order .
My first impression of this place was that it was oddly set up .
My friend knew one of the chefs , so we were lucky enough for him to select a few items for us .
We ate every last bite !
Walking distance from our hotel was great bc there was nt any parking when we were there it was super busy !
The hummus was delicious .
It was obvious no management or any sense of concern for the customer .
My swordfish was the best - and every time I took I bite I uttered these words , " Oh my God .
Our server , Brock , was delightful .
not that we live in Brooklyn but we live in Ny and it felt like ny in here .
" The weather is perfect " she said .
I 'm so glad we found this place on our trip to Nashville .
The bread was soft and warm .
Kiersten took great care of us .
Honestly the music was way too loud .
My sister and I split the food and it came out separated already which was definitely appreciated !
I did not say it out loud but the word came to mind as I pushed the plate away .... garbage .
Our waiter ( I ca n't remember his name ) was excellent .
The whole dish was good
The Pulled beef sandwich was so salty .
As we were looking at the menu , the manager stopped by our table to greet us .
It was my birthday and the server took a Polaroid and gave it to us in a nice card- it was a nice touch !
Very happy with our decision .
My dad told me it reminded him of actual Taiwan because everything was so authentic !
Our server came out and offered up water to us as we waited for everyone to arrive .
But it 's the only German restaurant I know of in St.
Wo n't return to the maple shade location
It was very muggy and uncomfortable in the diner .
The sandwiches we had were all great .
It was a tad chilly , not terrible though as we had the entire patio to ourselves .
Lou then got everyone together to chant along ( 2 tables ) as we did the Sake bomb .
Our whole family being kind people , shook our head and said ok thank you .
Joseph , our server , was exceptional .
I know others like this place , I 'm sorry to say it was awful .
The meat was tender and delicious .
I 'm just glad we did n't make that mistake .
We let it go , assuming it was an honest mistake .
In the end it was a very good experience .
The place looked clean ... which is very important to me .
What a delicious dish ! .
We were extremely disappointed in the food .
A couple beside us broke a glass and they cleaned it up with smiles on their faces .
The ice cream was amazing and incredibly fresh .
Everyone 's food was absolutely delicious .
When I left , this same gentlemen said " nice to meet you " which is such a lovely alternative to " thanks for coming " , IMO .
That left a bad taste in my mouth but luckily that wo n't ever happen again .
The bean dip was touted as the star and it was .
The food was SO good , amazing really !
The coolest part ( as always ) was the tasting at the end of the tour .
My boyfriend and I came down to the beach from our Orlando trip for the day and could n't help but stop by .
The food was very impressive as well .
There were three tables at the time and we were starving .
The atmosphere was pleasant and all in all it was a good night .
Overall very bad experience
I was very impressed with our experience .
My sister and I were visiting Arizona all the way from the east coast and our aunt and uncle brought us for breakfast today .
I replied " I do n't know , " she said " cus I do n't wanna be set up to get robbed " .
The girlfriend and I went there for a quick dinner before heading home to watch the Cards game on TV .
Its really shocking to me that very few places bother to do this .
When we returned , our table was cleaned but our new bottle of wine was gone ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It was a sloppy mess and we could n't even eat it .
The service was very good and attentive to our orders .
She did not make eye contact after his point ( even after a member from our group returned to the table to retrieve a jacket ) .
We all shared bites of each and we all agreed the food was gross .
Guy made no attempt to rectify the situation .
I am upset he wanted us to leave , we WERE SAT IN THE BAR AREA BY STAFF i told him , and that 's not my fault .
We arrived at the restaurant without reservations .
The owner , Vinnie , was really nice and he even came out and checked on us personally .
Overall , it was kinda of a disappointment .
The atmosphere is so chill and so chic I loved it .
We sat there for what must 've been 20 minutes before ordering our drinks .
Once we got to the table it was apparent they were running a little behind .
My family decided to come here for my dad 's birthday and it was a big mistake .
The sausage was very fresh and tender .
The crepe was light and tender and the cheese filling was creamy and savory .
We set outside overlooking the gulch .
Long story short : DISGUSTING .
My friends and I just happened to stumble upon it , and we felt so lucky .
Our order was taken right away and in a friendly manner .
Our waiter was really attentive but did n't hover around or rush us .
We saw multiple tables open up , and had to ask if we could sit there , even though we were the only people waiting .
I take full blame for not standing up for myself and pointing out how ridiculous their multiple errors were .
I am so happy we found this place ! ! !
Only downside for me was No espresso :(
We notified the bus person about the spoiled tofu , and he had no reaction .
Bread was literally burned and tasted burned .
Our waitress was very sweet and attentive
In fact it did n't even look like crab really .
When we opened the door to the restaurant we were greeted by a blast of noise .
Our waiter , Lyndel , was very amazing and made our experience memorable .
We sat at the counter-- 5 of us including 2 kids .
We sat down immediately at the bar , after arriving shortly after they opened for the morning .
We felt like we were the only customers in the place .
Once in the lobby we were directed to the correct check in line as this place was packed !
I was so caught off guard and did n't know what to say I just said " no I wo nt be doing that " and hung up .
EXCEPT the service ... oh gosh , it was not good at all .
Water glasses stayed empty the whole time .
We were visiting from Chicago and found Mirko 's accidentally , what a great surprise !
But overall , it was a pleasant experience .
We were seated within 10 minutes and everything was great .
After another 10 minutes we finally walked out .
The only downfall was the dessert , which was honestly terrible .
The pizza was fine but it was really a strange experience .
The owner 's father was running the place when we came and he was very friendly .
But Brandon never asked how our food was .
We loved and miss the Bleubird cafe .
Floors , walls , Windows right down to the silverware with dried food on it to our mugs and glasses .
They had 1 outdoor table so we decided to sit .
We had told her that this was n't correct and we had made the reservations directly with Greg .
It was quite frankly like drinking velvet .
I do n't know what happened to the turtle .
He was the rudest , most unprofessional person I 've ever met !
The host was very accommodating and found us a table quickly .
They were the loudest in the restaurant .
On a side note , the owner stopped by our table and thanks us for dining there , which was cool .
The pasta was a bit too al dente , but still pretty good
We were sat at a tiny table that was incredible unstable .
The three pancakes were huge and delicious .
We wanted to sit outside since the back looks so pretty but were told it was closed but were led instead to an enclosed patio .
It was a cool unexpected find
Muy buenos tacos , sopes y gorditas .
Every single thing we ate was delicious !
They made my day and everyone at our table agreed - this was the best brunch we have ever had together ! !
I felt like I spent the first few minutes just taking in the scenery .
The ketchup bottle was empty ( as was the one for the lane next to us ) .
The food came as as ordered fairly quickly for such a large crowd .
We stopped in after picking my friend up at the airport .
Very informative ( our tour guide Raymond was awesome ! ) and the food stops along the way were very delicious .
The food all around was delicious .
I tasted my friend 's chicken and it was terribly dry .
The only complaint I had were the raw bananas placed on top .
Our waiter was nice and attentive .
Fish and chips were soggy as well .
The waiter was very casual and seemed to know little about the menu .
Use to be my favorite pizza place in St.
WTF NOOOOO we had our order placed first it 's not our fault you lost it hours ago so make OURS ! ! ! ! ! ! !
We thought we were going to have to wait for hours , but we were pleasantly surprised .
What a terrible and sad experience .
The Carolina Bison was the overall favorite !
We reserved a table and since it was one of the last reservations of the night , the place was fairly empty .
She was , of course , incredible .
( All those reviews were n't kidding )
We are so lucky to have this store in St.
I do n't know what type of explanation or apology that was .
The table next to us had dirty dishes on it almost the whole time .
She checked on us occasionally even when the place was filled with people .
It was a really fun time .
Either way , that 's a big no - no , right ?
We devoured it in a matter of minutes .
Natalie was our server and she was delightful .
But the bagel tasted like sweet , sweet love .
The place for was very noisy on a Friday night , and the crowd was very yound ( as in 22 tops )
We then walked up to the hostess .
Stayed in one of the casitas away from the hotel and it was so wonderful , comfortable , and serene .
Usually , the stuffed in tables here bother me , but the nook by the window is as close to a booth as possible .
As soon as I walked in , I knew I did the right thing in getting the Yelp deal .
We had a hell of a time getting here since it was on the other side of the parade from where we were staying .
It was absolutely delicious and probably my favorite course of the night .
We sat where we could watch the staff assemble the bowls .
He brought back another chicken about 10 minutes later and there was n't as much blood , but it was still rather bloody .
We quickly ordered a mango lassi to help put out the fire .
We got there and there was no wait ( although it was 3 pm ) .
It 's just such a shame they ca n't serve good food .
The stuffed plantain was amazing .
The waiter came back and apologized and took her plate promptly .
Ca n't recall the name .
R loved this burger too .
Not much of a wait , we waited for about a few minutes and then sat down .
They also bought us all shots and had the entire restaurant sing " happy wedding day " to my sister .
Jeff stopped by to see how our dinner is going and shared some little July 4th experiences .
The last two times , I did n't even bother to call .
The potatoes were delicious too .
The food was really delicious .
My ultimate favorite restaurant .
Everything was fresh pulled from the tanks in front of us .
Tony made sure to check - in on us multiple times throughout the evening himself .
I work very near Finnegan 's at the DoubleTree near the airport .
We had a great experience last night .
1 only because you ca n't give NO stars !
My server , Cat , was very attentive and friendly .
Overall a rather ordinary experience .
So we treked from the hotel on foot and ran into O 's first ( right across the street from the House of Blues .
4 ) I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich .
We finished our meal with the ice cream and cookies -- very good !
The sourdough French toast .
When we were going back to our car , there was a guy in an alley , sitting on a bike .
mine was awful and i did n't know until i got back to the hotel .
- The first thing that got me was the decor of the place .
They were VERY accommodating with our group and super friendly .
We waited at least 15 minutes to place an order while watching the brothers argue in the door to the kitchen .
I really enjoyed that special effort .
The server was Irish and extremely helpful and attentive .
So we took a nice morning stroll over to Bittersweet .
Our youth non - profit hosted an 800 - person convention at the Grand Hyatt Tampa Bay over July 4th weekend .
It has been a long time since we ate here .
We waited to be sat at a table and one of the servers pointed at one for us to sit at .
Decided to drop by for lunch and am so glad that we did .
Oh service was good n attentive .
For our mains , my mom and I split the trout , my husband had the roast beef sandwich , and our friend had the burger .
Our food came out reasonably quick .
Apprehensively , I took the first bite of chicken and waffle .
hulamom and i stayed here during her birthday jaunt and it was actually pretty lovely .
The food was ok / good .
there 's just a lot of pepper in the sauce . "
A manager came over to our table to ask us how our experience was .
I do n't know about this place .
The restaurant was almost empty so we did not wait for a table .
The huevos rancheros deluxe .
The rotisserie chicken was delightful .
It really has that feeling of being a secret spot .
The hoagie bread was pillowy soft .
Everything our group of four ordered was delicious .
No water was delivered ! !
the second we walked in here I felt like we came back to Ny and went to Brooklyn :) not a bad thing .
The overall atmosphere was lovely and relaxed .
Only draw back was that it was a lil dried out .
That 's about relative because it was pretty hot .
Our concierge recommended this place so we went along with it .
We were only staying for the night .
Oh my word , this place was awful .
Everything was delicious and it was reasonably priced , especially considering we were in the city center .
The spinach was surprisingly delicious .
I had to explain to her why " that man was so rude " .
It was such a wonderful experience !
I know how the chef probably feels about that , but I will be happy , I promise you ! "
I was shocked by the Fois gras - amazing .
We were greeted when we stepped through the door .
It 's true love .
The hamburger ( yes , they speak hamburguesas too ) was charred but almost raw inside .
It was a great eating experience .
I m so happy we landed on Cafe at the square .
We had several shared entres which were all delicious .
Thanks to our server Neil - very nice guy !
We were all famished after spending the day in ER .
Meh , it did n't blow my mind , but it was okay .
It took nearly 20 minutes for our appetizers to come out .
We were seated and our order taken within a few minutes of being seated .
We said we wanted everything to be outdoors ... no problem .
We had my friends bridal shower here and it was so beautiful !
The toast was black .
Lydia 's enthusiasm for Ralph 's traditions sparked a bit of guilt and regret .
We were seated in their booth style cushioned seats which was very comfortable .
Sounds unappetizing , but its not that bad .
I said " for the balcony , " ( AKA NOT TO GO ) , and she switched it out with a plastic cup .
Great service , !
We sat in the dining area , in a slightly uncomfortable highbacked booth .
I went in with a group of friends and was very surprised at how nice and inviting it was inside .
Our waiter & the owners were absolutely delightful .
There are no napkins on the benches ( which are dirty ) which is inconvenient .
We really enjoyed our visit to Pizzeria Vetri .
Aubrey at the bar was super knowledgeable about whiskey , new favorite place when I m in town .... awesome time !
We drove around and thought the area was super cute .
Our food came pretty quickly .
i ca n't even put it into words .
We ended the night with dessert , including a well place candle arranged by Nataly N.
When I got there , I told the manager at the front that we had the wrong order .
The duck was amazing .
In fact , they took our bread basket and plates a few minutes after dropping it on our table .
We stopped by on a sunny Saturday afternoon and were seated immediately in a private back room .
Wa told to go to the back .
There are much , much better places in St.
She had even talked with the manger .
We had to flag down the waiter .
Thanks for making this such a great , memorable night !
The place was in good working order .
it honestly looked like two pieces of bread .
No , honestly , it 's a really crappy building .
When the waitress walked away we took the bottle of ketchup from an empty table nearby and ate our breakfast .
After dinner , we settled up inside and headed out back to the Tiki Bar .
We stopped at Mellow Mushroom for lunch as it was pretty much the only place open .
I do n't recall their names exactly but they were green and orange - ish , and definitely spicy !
I almost wept with joy .
It is our new go to place with all our friends ! ,
Service : All of the staff we interacted with , while placing our food order , were very polite and upbeat .
There was no one waiting for tables and there were numerous open tables / booths around the restaurant .
Very friendly staff / Our waitress was wonderful
As soon as we walked in she greeted us with great attention ...
" Maynard 's Market and Kitchen got very good ratings on Yelp and I wanted to try it " .
They had received no online order .
We looked around and every one of the other pies looked the same .
Attended Jazz fest for both weekends and it was a perfect choice .
She never said a word to me .
As soon as we walked in , the atmosphere was noticeably cheery and welcoming .
We were greeted by the servers outside who told us to come on in because we wo n't be disappointed and boy oh boy we were n't .
Our waiter was attentive and very nice .
It was a memorable dining experience .
We were in there today and I was extremely disappointed .
Nikki never let empty plates sit on our table , was very attentive , and always made sure we had drinks in front of us .
We spoke with the manager ( I 'm assuming ) several times .
Our waiter was so awesome ( I think his name is Gene ?
We went up and down the aisles just looking at all the different items .
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in New Castle County , DE .
It was a bit overwhelming , especially since it was our first time there .
It is guilty pleasure .
She was very non existent the whole time we were sitting at the bar , not attentive at all .
Granted , it was Friday night bit still .
The service was excellent and extremely attentive .
We stayed in our seats , however the mood was fully ruined .
Quite a charming spot on a man - made lagoon close to St.
I asked him what the credit would be for exactly what I 'd ordered .
Its a local deli .
When we notified the manager , he apologized and inspected the kitchenstaff 's hands .
The owners were very friendly and accommodating .
( Ca n't remember his name :/ )
They were very rude and kept backing into not only our chairs and table , but the people around us as well .
All the food was so amazingly tasty and most importantly fresh .
We went with the spinach gnocchi , tagliatelli al limone with the bottarga cheese and the pesto trapanese .
You treated our group to kamikazes--- thanks , they were great !
Plus , this place was super close to our hotel so it made it a logical spot to dine .
On the walk home , I exclaimed aloud " I wish I could vomit so that I can eat dinner again " .
Overall very bad experience , wo n't be back .
What a happy mistake it was to randomly run into this place while exploring the Garden District in New Orleans .
Our server was very nice and accommodating .
When I received our food I said thanks and the lady walked away -- no " you 're welcome " or " sorry about the wait " .
Our waiter , Kenneth , was amazing .
The chicken was AMAZING .
We are celebrating our anniversary and being sports fans it 's a Notre Dame , St.
Very unfriendly and tried to rush us through the process .
We were seated right away and the server brought water , coffee and took our orders right away .
My expectations were meant .
It was ok .... Did like the homemade potato chips .
The VIP seats appeared to be very well placed for viewing .
The salad was stupendous .
No waitress seemed to know what they were doing or which tables were theirs .
40 minutes had passed before we received our order .
I felt bad because it was n't her table , but our server was nowhere to be seen .
But on top of that , it 's just overall dirty .
throughly enjoyed the food only thing that caught me off guard was the price .
That last bit was n't my favorite moment , but the next part is why I 'm really annoyed .
It was eye rolling behind your head good !
It was a huge mistake on my part .
From the moment I walked in I was impressed .
There was no manager visible and the situation could 've been handled much better .
The pizza itself was delicious as expected .
Majordomo started with a wedge salad and the rest of us decided on the Caesar salad .
The fish was fresh , miso a tad salty .
It 's a BYOB , so we brought some wine from the liquor store across the street , and they quickly uncorked it and put it on ice .
Farmhaus is new favorite restaurant in St.
Emily was super helpful with our order .
There were 6 of us and no complaints ! !
We received exceptional service and excellent food !
There was a car in front of us so we did n't think much of it .
There was 1 bath towel in the room .
We sat inside because it was freezing , but on a warmer day the view would be much better outside .
Our waiter clearly was not really paying attention .
The manager was very helpful & attentive .
while we got seated fairly quickly , the meal , by the time it came out , was cold .
My boyfriend and I visited for dinner and were pleasantly surprised .
I took a picture- unfortunately did n't think of it until I 'd taken my first bite- sorry .
It was n't very busy at the time so we were seated right away .
That is the only good thing I can say .
Cheap as hell .
def a warm weather girl at heart .
We visited Village Bakehouse after reading the reviews and were very happy we did .
that was an isolated incident , though .
The staff was just so rude and disrespectful .
We were there within 20 minutes of ordering and it was ready .
Eten was ondergeschikt deze avond , maar wat we hadden was bijzonder goed .
The salads and bowls were delicious .
My absolute favorite cafe in the city .
The paintings on the wall are colorful and fun .
The waiter finally came over and took our orders .
First , we were shown the kitchen and Chef Poon told us lots of stories .
It 's like a little treasure .
" You are an idiot " she said .
The server was attentive and brought us coffee right away which helped .
I ate his bowl for breakfast the following morning and it had 3 huge pieces of plastic in it !
Our server was attentive and very friendly .
I went to Jonathan 's next door .
We were greeted right away and brought to our private booth .
The hostess and server were clueless .
I looked around the entire restaurant and saw that we were the only Asians .
We had a cafe con LecHe .
We are in the middle of a coast to coast road trip , and spent a long day in St.
We talked to the manager .
It was a great experience .
The server was friendly and very attentive .
Our sushi chef , Isiah , made some nice suggestions right off the bat a they were delicious .
As we walked in we noticed how clean the place is .
Wo n't recommend this place at all .
The ride was lengthy and enjoyable and the guide was very informative .
The atmosphere was very nice .
I had the fried crawfish salad and " el hubs " had the Boudreaux Pizza .
We sat down , and 15 minutes went by .
The rest of the food was at best okay , the salad bar 's vegetables and fruit were pretty sad looking .
I wound up embarrassed that I 'd suggested the place .
Rude on the phone when we called to see about our order status .
Our waiter , Bogdan was superb !
And , as we were not rushing to leave , they came and cleared the dishes when we finished eating .
The oysters were so fresh .
they were cooked nice and crispy and were meaty .
The place was packed , which made us very excited to be there ; it looked like people were really enjoying themselves !
My wife and I stumbled upon Cafe Fleur De Lis on the first morning of our trip .
But the rest of the dishes were very very delicious .
The dinner favorites were the grilled pork chops ; they were a bit spicy .
I queried closing time as thought maybe times wrong online but he said no it 's 11 pm !
Glad we did ...
I assumed it was a vegetarian restaurant .... but o well
Once we got inside the hostess was nice .
its a complete hit or miss .
When my eyes finally focused I was able to see what looked like an abomination to me .
And she owned it , pun intended .
There were just 5 small onion rings on the plate .
I was sooo wrong .
We also had the ricotta toast and I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was .
Cause we were all hungry we did n't order any sushi or sashimi .
You do n't eat them with a fork . "
There was no host to greet us .
I also had to listen to the people in the room next to me " making love " - that was very loud as well .
The beans were sweet and tangy .
The chicken was super tender .
Did n't know that this was Blake Sheldon 's place .
I hate to write this because both times the people who we spoke to over the phone seemed really nice .
I was impressed though that our server did know the actual name of the New Belgium seasonal beer .
The food itself was OK .
The saddest thing was the campanelle with pepper and cheese .
The meat was delicious .
The chicken was perfectly fried .
Only thing is that it was boiling hot when I picked it up !
They seemed a bit unorganized on taking our order and being attentive .
I do nt think I can put into words how fantastic the entire experience was from start to finish .
But the only thing I could see was the Fatty Filet .
They had a high chair waiting for us and provided him some crayons .
Those are really the only qualities which separate the different friendlies ' .
There was only one car in front of me , so it should n't have been that long of a wait .
We all had a slice and were shocked at the lovely simplicity of it .
Then we told the server , and he also had no reaction .
The blue roll was delicious !
My boyfriend and I got a few dishes to share between the two of us and we were very happy with everything .
Everything was absolutely perfect from the drinks , to the food , to the service .
From the moment we walked in to when we left it was a 5 star experience , we felt welcome ...
After another half hour I called again and they said " they did n't get my order " .
We enjoyed our meal .
She offered to have the manager come by , which we accepted .
We parked at opry mills near the movie theatre and just walked over .
We had lunch and were seated right away .
The room was spacious as was the bathroom .
Overall the experience was unimpressive .
Kind of annoying that I 'd been standing there patiently for ten minutes instead of rudely just jumping in .
Side chosen was baked sweet potato .
We then shared a Beet salad .
I wrote in and spoke with the manager just to let him know .
I was extremely happy with the experience .
Our server was friendly and attentive .
Jamie , our waiter , was great !
We almost felt too casual but we felt at home !
Our service was superb .
Then Bryan Haas ( I 'm guessing he was the manager at the time ) , came out with our food , apologizing .
Y---- Y bother waiting in the long lines ?
All the wines were very tasty but the Vespucci Primitivo and the Il Fauno di Arcanum were my favorite .
The food was Excellent ! ! !
I asked and received , no big deal .
Though forced valet was something that we did not really liked , it was a pleasant experience .
But it was a tad dry overall .
It was just extremely hot in the center and tough .
Overall , the experience was very nice .
They have a call ahead list which I did and we were seated right away .
We let the hostess know and she sent a waiter over to us .
WE LOVED THIS PLACE ... IT was a very nice bistro .
Waited and waited ... server finally walked by and I had to let her know that our meals were ready -- " Let me check , " she says .
This place was very hard to find ! ! ! !
The pork chip was delicious .
The staf was very accomodating and very friendly .
I had the hanger steak & my husband had the rigatoni .
The other order was a Ruuurouper ( grouper tacos ) which was sooooo rubbery tasting I actually spit it out .
We made a reservation and everything was ready when we arrived 5 minutes before our scheduled time .
We 'd made a 7:30 reservation via Open Table and were seated immediately .
After body boarding we went to this place and it had a nice view with the view of the ocean in front of it .
My pork sandwich was delicious .
We stayed at the Westin near the river this time around , so I decided to ask the concierge about some places close by .
Honestly , the fried chicken from Willie 's was waaaay better .
The fried rice and chow mein were very MEH .
Our favorite dish was the escargot .
It was everyone 's birthday so it was super fitting .
My fork had sticky stuff on it so it was stuck to the placemat and the wall near our table was splattered with grease .
Props to chef John Besh .
It 's such a great deal .
The street corn was absolutely amazing as well as the cauliflower .
The host and server were very patient and polite about it .
The donuts were delicious tho and so were the pies .
1st time eating here .
Anyway , we were informed it would be a half hour wait and had to give them our name ( OK ) and cell phone ( odd ) .
The server just carried on , did n't react , did n't call for help , I could n't believe what was happening to be honest .
Tina gave us wonderful service .
The avocado toast was delicious .
We took our food to go as she was jaw dropped at how unkept this place is .
Which seemed to happen to the table in front of us as well .
The workers there were so so nice .
She did n't apologize or offer any kind of restitution .
In just her description of it , it sounded like heaven on a plate ... and it was .
We sat at the bar area and watched the workers make the pizzas .... so much fun .
We were pretty impressed with this place .
Our server was very sweet and attentive .
We met the manager as well and every staff member that came by our table smiled and said hello to our kids .
Just disappointed I did n't get to try their ribs .
We really liked this place .
But luckily they were able to seat us , it was early on a Friday night .
I 'm assuming Normand 's Bistro must be connected to the Normand 's restaurant which is on Jasper Avenue .
it was a very busy Friday night .
Immediately when the plate was place in front of me I almost gagged from the smell .
As their standard crust is thin St.
It does n't matyter the time of day OR day of week , " Sorry sir , we just ran out " .
The wife and I shared the special , which was a massive amount of food for the two of us .
As such , we found our way to Indy 's Family Restaurant , which was one of the few places still open .
Gus really enjoyed his meal saying the gravy was quite tasty .
It 's one of my favorite places to eat but tonight it left a bad taste in my mouth .
My date and I went there tonight and were extremely pleased .
Good location and we sat outside !
The food on the other hand was outstanding ! ! !
We were travelling from North and almost reached there little before 9 pm .
When I called the guy just said"not sure how that could have happened " 40 minutes later they sent the 2nd pizza .
That really set the mood for me as we bonded over our love for great music and our travel between Orange County / LA and St.
My fiance and I used to eat here all the time because it was the closest restaurant to our house at the time .
PI ... oh PI ... I had such high expectations .
I checked the doorway on the way out - nope , no sign .
Food was awful ! ! ! ! !
The lady who was our waitress was really nice .
This place was magnificent ! ! !
We took out our food but the restaurant looked clean and inviting .
The man at the counter - he may have been the owner - was very friendly and appreciative of our business .
Creve brûlée was excellent as was Tim 's attentive service .
All & all , we really enjoyed our stop here !
I loved this place so much that I would drive to St.
The chicken was the most tender and soft !
When I walked in I thought the place was especially clean and welcoming .
Loved that the manager ( Jen ) walked around and talked to everyone .
I had the Beef Bourgogne and my wife had the spare ribs .
My favorite restaurant in the Tampa area .
I do n't appreciate u calling me " big guy " b !
We had a very nice dinner here on St.
The ambience was very classy .
Chicken panang was awesome tho !
Brooke just shrugged her shoulders and said , " we are just short handed .. "
I 've eaten at all the Indian restaurants in the St.
It was the best quesadilla I had till this moment to be honest
The waiter was nice though , and I felt sorry for him .
The one thing that really bothered me was that all of the food we ordered literally came out one dish at a time .
The owner introduced himself to us , and helped us decide on what to order .
We were seated right away and the music was really good .
it 's a bit hidden in a random strip mall but i 'm so glad my friends dragged me out here .
Our waitress was Charlie and she was really nice !
We made a reservation and were seated quickly .
From the moment we sat down , we felt we were like the only ones there .
We even professed our love of him , we were THAT happy !
We were very pleased with this place .
He shrugged to let us know he did n't care , so out the door we went .
Our server Frank was very attentive and made sure everything was great .
As one of the guys put it , we felt like we were at " Bingo Night " as soon as we walked in .
The beer was deliciously ice cold .
My family and I stopped by J 's Seafood for lunch today and we absolutely loved everything we got .
It is not the cheapest place to stay in New Orleans , but it is def worth every penny .
We were the only ones there and she was nowhere to be found .
That 's just about the only downside .
Aaron warned me off the baked beans due to onion .
Kameron just helped us tonight and he was rude and disrespectful to us .
Our server , Maria , went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of .
Stopped by here since it was across the street from where we were staying .
We were seated promptly and the food did come out of the kitchen pretty quickly .
It was absolutely amazing!!!The outside patio area is wonderful .
Emily greeted us in a friendly and inviting manner and took our order .
Use to be a nice dining experience .
It 's fatty on one side and meaty on the other .
The presentation was beautiful .
Crumb de la Crumb is my favorite restaurant in Bellevue !
Chicken 65 and the dosas were delicious .
My first thought was - it 's SMALL !
Mark brought over our salad pretty quickly and asked if we needed cracked pepper which of course we asked for some .
Our server was excellent and extremely informative .
The place was easy to find and orders were taken promptly .
I could see the table next to us who ordered before us were aggravated as well .
The main peeve was the opera singer - from his bad toupee to the volume , it was almost comical .
The food was delightful !
We waited 20 minutes to make eye contact with a host , who graciously took our drink order .
Weirdly enough my favorite thing I had was their collard greens which were very good as well .
I was of course puzzled and frustrated .
My roommates and I came in here for dinner this past Friday and we were all pleasantly surprised about how good it was .
Most everyone in our party thought it was way too pricey .
Yes , I said " slice . "
No real complaints .
The women 's bathroom had no lock and no toilet paper holder , just a giant roll of toilet paper on the back of the toilet .
I told her that was the whole reason we came .
We sat outside , which was charming , except we felt lucky when the waiter showed up at our table .
No one even acknowledged us for twenty minutes .
I understand making mistakes but the restaraunt was really quiet so we were kind of surprised .
The popcorn was incredible .
The rolls were HUGE !
The waitress was very apologetic , but in the end , it was a disappointing evening .
My mother - in - law even made it a point to go into the kitchen and thank the chef before we left .
We sat at our table for a few more minutes after they cleared it and discussed going to our next location .
We were greeted by very friendly staff , and quickly seated on the patio overlooking the beautiful homes in the neighborhood .
I was not familiar with Louisiana food so I appreciated the thorough explanation given when I asked what 's bayou etc .
We were the only people there and I was little concerned but more people came in during our dinner .
We were told we could not sit there because there was no server there .
After another few minutes the rest of the order came up and we began to eat .
Patrick 's day , which happens to be my sister 's birthday .
The food was spectacular !
So we waited 10 minutes before I asked again , and she assured us they would be right out .
We were too hungover to notice or care ..
The blackened brie was our appetizer choice and it was delicious !
I 'm so glad my son and I went last Sunday .
The beef had an awful weird texture .
We went to the front desk and waited in line for an hour .
The food here was actually just really bad .
Came in and we were seated within 10 minutes , which came to a surprise because the place was packed .
But , as I sat back and watched every detail of the business it 's just amazing .
The cookies looked amazingly tasty .
My husband took me here for our Anniversary and it was such a delight !
The patio was clean ( although there were alot of bug bites ) .
This was our first time eating here and we were excited because the tag line was " Fresh Mexican " .
After waiting with no sign of service what so ever , I picked all of our menus up and returned them to the hostess .
When my brother and I walked in , we did n't know if we were supposed to seat ourselves or order at the bar .
Our waiter was friendly and attentive .
Charlotte , the other server who came on the floor about mid way through our meal , was absolutely amazing !
it was nt bad but then again you coulda punched me in the face as i was enjoyin myself that much
We had an amazing experience .
We also ordered a cup of soup each since it was cold out .
I felt queasy the rest of the night just thinking about them .
The gnocchi were almost entirely made of spinach - and just so light and delicate .
No one came to our table to take drink orders until like 11 minutes into our stay .
My favorite was the upside down shrimp .
It was a perfect evening .
Very quaint , rustic , cozy ... we ate outside since the weather was nice .
This was our first visit and I 'm ashamed we have been missing out for this long .
Well , it was a Tuesday night and there were only about 4 other patrons there ; we had the whole back room to ourselves .
I thought this was a really fun experience .
It came in a ' bowl ' the size of a tea cup .
We sat on the porch ...
We patiently waited for a table that we were stalking to open up and swooped in when we saw our chance .
Hoping this was an isolated experience , but it was horrifying .
When we arrived , it was not very busy and the manager took our orders quickly .
The server immediately welcomed us and asked about our drink preferences .
The army of servers was very friendly and took our order promptly .
Called the manager and told him what happened .
My son called to tell them about the order when he got home , and the person on the phone did n't care .
Our server Nathan was great and very attentive as well .
OK , it 's a beautiful day , we 're happy to be here , it 'll be fine .
My cousin recommended this place to me , and I was a little skeptical at first , but oh my goodness , this place is DIVINE !
Kendrick and Zack were so wonderful handling our party .
Then we showed him menu hi said ok .
My boo and I ate them all like gangstas .
The decor was very " pub like " and there were nice wooden benches to sit on for tables .
We were seated within 15 minutes , so we just enjoyed our view of the ocean while we waited .
The restaurant was very cute .
And the soup was amazing - the steak and potato - it was ALL steak and potato - so chunky and delicious .
Instead we held on for a bitter hour .
The day we went it happened to be pouring raining .
Finally our paninis were served : both were badly burned .
It 's just a cozy little spot .
The skin was crispy without being " over breaded " and was incredibly juicy , tender , and temperature hot ... as well as spicy hot !
The grilled chicken on one was perfectly cooked , the dressing " delectable " .
When we finally got our correct order , the rolls were small and pretty sub - par .
The salsa was rather sweet .
Went for brunch -- well , we thought it was brunch , but it was really breakfast .
Our server ALTON took our order and never said anything else to us for the remainder of the night ..
The owner was happy to see us and served us immediately .
We were very confused , and she said she was n't sure there were any tables for us to sit .
They were a little confused when they sat us but great and ca n't wait to go back for dinner !
I guess because it was cold out they just made an assumption that we would n't want it ?
The server was very attentive , so much so that I was kind of getting annoyed .
The steak was so tender and flavorful , I was amazed .
What makes this place special are the locals who I spoke with at the restaurant who drove in to wait in line to eat here .
I was afraid their kitchen would be closed but I 'm so glad it was n't !
The hotel itself was beautiful .
We seemed like a joke to them complaining about a missing wing .
My boyfriend and I flew into for a quick weekend from Florida and this place was around the corner from our hotel .
I made a reservation 4 days in advance and when we showed up they said they did n't see the reservation .
The " cheese " was so flavorful too !
I called back the store , but they must have been closed .
The cafe was extremely cute .
* I saw 4 orders ; 1 Beef , 4 Chicken .
Once we got into the car , we had to go home and it quickly went downhill .
Our waiter was Jenna and she was incredible ! ! ! ! !
There was no one at the entrance at all .
When we asked for a refund , the spa manager , Dawn , was aggressively rude to my mother as she said refunds were not an option .
She treated us like royalty .
He also informed us that it was a smoking establishment outside on the patio .
( keep in mind the place was FAR from crowded ) It took about 35 minutes for us to get our food , which was mediocre at best .
I ended up complaining to one of the waitresses who laughed throughout the few minutes I complained .
The man that seated us was incredibly rude the entire time .
Our waitress Sana gave us a great run down of the menu and was very kind .
Bastion , our server , was the absolute best ( hello , fellow Austinite ! ) .
My husband and I stopped in here for a quick , late lunch on our way home , and we are STOKED we did .
We were told that the delay was b / c we ordered wings first and there was a table of 10 in the other room .
No less than five people , from the busboy to the owner behind the counter , wished us a friendly ' goodnight ' on our way out .
Did n't eat there though and would be hesitant to as it does n't look to be the cleanest place .
The restaurant was moderately clean and very open .
The atmosphere was very comfortable .
I told the waiter and he said he was sorry .
The pot stickers were BLACK ... so burnt the taste transferred to the rest of the food .
Really disappointing , but we had already driven to friends house and sat down to dinner before realizing the mistake .
Our waiter , Terrione ( I think ? ) barely said 10 words to us .
Such a disgusting experience with them
The waiter was attentive and helpful when we asked about the drinks .
I then order from the attendant at the POS .
I stepped out briefly to eat and was glad each time I did as the restaurants and staff are very , very pleasant .
The only fish was Alaskan char .
The service was very kind and courteous .
Everyone was cordial , but ignored us for most of the night .
When we got the invite I was glad to accept .
Its a sunny , humid , middle of the week day in Tampa FL .
We waited for a seat .
Our waitress and manager who came to apologize for the cold appetizer were very nice and attentive .
Lamb Patty Melt was a little hard to grab so I ate them as a toast + the rest of the sandwich .
We got there precisely at 5 pm .
After cleaning our own table , we waited and waited .
I ordered the Granny Smith apple salad and it was delicious
I felt terrible for the host and how the manager spoke to her in such an abusive and unprofessional manor .
The best part about the whole thing is that they take IOU 's ! ! !
We found this location on Yelp and based on how busy it was that night when we got there , we figured it was good .
Our server , Casey was really sweet .
We were seated immediately and given the choice of ordering off the menu or eating the buffet .
We had a fabulous savory croissant .
Ours was located on the 5th floors right next to the elevator with a very small window overlooking the court yard .
It 's BYOB so we brought a bottle of wine .
We found seats and dug in .
We were the ONLY table , yet it took the waitress at least 15 minutes to get our order .
The pretzels were freshly made and the dip was exquisite ! ! ! ! !
Tropez , and it was delightful .
We ordered right away as while we waited , we grabbed out own menus .
About a half hour passed and we were still waiting and only one of the two tables had been cleared .
The music was quite loud , even when there were so few people in there .
My husband and I ate here today .
Ironically that was the only good thing we ate there .
We traveled 1100 miles from bucks county , Pa.
Several used napkins on the floor and dirt and crumbs everywhere .
The potatoes were dry and cold .
They were the ones who recommended we sit at the counter , which was a really nice experience .
They obliged , and the plate was delicious .
The food really was very good .
When we got to The Three Coins Diner we thought oh my .
Unfriendly , rude , and a big rip off .
They gave my the drink right away and I sat down .
She checked my balance and it said 0.00 $ ! ! !
But as we passed each one they all looked like sardine cans .
I did have a flatbread pizza which was very avg .
I love chipotle but this was the most depressing visit ever .
Not one good word came out of anyone 's mouth when it came to the food .
The steak was tender and delicious .
Service was wonderful - the entire staff was very attentive .
It 's cruel , and cruel honestly is n't that much more helpful than well meaning lies .
~ The atmosphere is fun .
[ In the end we went with the sangria .
We prepared our payment and waited .
Get it together el sitio .
From what I can tell , this location is something of a " locals secret . "
Jay was our waiter and was very efficient .
Our server was not attentive .
My fiancé and I came here a couple weeks ago when we had to pick up one of our cars from a friend .
I know Daphne is very upset and horrified that those incidents are plaguing her business .
The real stand outs for me were the most amazing roll and the fantastic sauteed onions .
We told her not to worry about it and adios'd MF
The food was unbelievable .
About 5 - 10 minutes later they came and got us and sat us at our table .
Probably my greatest vacation regret .
We felt so special and well cared for before we 'd even ordered a thing !
The presentation of the food was incredible .
My niece 's food arrived promptly , which was much appreciated .
Since it was the end of the night the place was a little dirty .
It was a gorgeous day so my friend and I decided to meet at Local Taco for lunch since they have such a great patio .
Staff was happy to see us .
When picking up our order , the workers were yelling at each other , not paying attention and our pizza was cold .
Louis we will go there for dinner .
There was no sesame chicken in the bag .
We finally ordered , food came out quickly , very quickly .
Overall I thought it was a great experience .
and the kid literally shrugged his shoulders and turned his back to us .
Thank you Muriel 's for turning what could 've been a truly terrible day into an amazing birthday I will never forget .
Our servers suggestions were pretty spot on as we enjoyed most of her suggestions .
The manager came out and asked if we 'd been helped .
It was very moist and the flavor was very satisfying .
Even without the phone number , they had our full address and we were not very far from the restaurant .
Yes , it 's my fault for not asking .
Very attentive service .
It really is a special place .
When I pulled it out of the bag , I was amazed at how heavy it was .
Asked about moving closer to tank , as the place was mostly empty .
We got no apology .
It made for a unique experience ! !
It is a harrowing experience !
The food was so awful .
The portions are huge ( that 's what she said ) :)
Our order arrived promptly and everything was warm , fresh and absolutely delicious .
I honestly ca n't complain about a single thing .
It seemed a bit flat to me .
She gave us a whole run down of the menu and what the place is all about .
We sat at the bar watching the baseball game a few minutes then ventured outside to a patio table .
I feel aweful but I 'm was a sad trip
It is truly a happy place for us !
The service we received was exceptional .
The pulled pork is was chopped up very finely ( like mushy ) but tasted okay , just looked funny and kinda gross .
My maple bread was dry and just , meh .
Appreciated the care and many thanks !
Wait staff was attentive and it was a enjoyable experience .
Hubby had risotto loved it as well .
I did n't dare ask for plates .
I honestly did n't know this place existed until my friend suggested it for brunch over the weekend .
Louis Donut Drive - In is one of our first stops .
There are eight 4 - top tables and five 2 - top tables .
He immediately took it out of his pocket and placed it on our table .
Thanks to Pam for taking great care of us .
He did n't even answer me when I tried to get his attention .
I myself was ok with the food but it was kind of pricey .
We could not keep our hands out of his basket .
French bread , lettuce , tomatoes , pickles , the stuffings and hot sauce .
We came for breakfast and sat outside and were visited by " Henry " a big white bird that frequently hangs around .
The best thing was their tempura , very crisp and fresh tasting .
All because we did nt order food and he thought I was scamming him ! !
He agreed after seeing the picture .
It took all of us 20 - 30 minutes since there is n't a parking lot or valet .
The broth was extremely flavorful , and savory .
I was offered no compensation for my meal and there was an obvious lack of sincereity in the waitresses 's apology .
It 's FREEZING in the building and the employees said they ca n't control the temperature .
~ They do not accept credit cards .
As a result they were just hard and tasted a bit burned .
I ca n't remember its official name but it was recommended by the waitress and it was honestly just terrible .
Sashmi is excellent came out on time fresh abd very tasty A tad pricey though !
The pizza itself was better than average .
my dad ordered a Bloody Mary , and I ordered a Mimosa .
Julie , the waitress , is friendly and instantly learns everyone 's names .
Marie greeted us sat us down and started to explain but told her I 've been here many times and now just bringing my sister .
All four of us were SO pleased with our experience and our meals !
Trusting his guidance , I paired the pork cutlet with an excellent saison by Gueuze , " St.
She invited us to sit down and she would bring us drinks .
The nicest guy ever helped us with tickets and then chatted with us about the Cards game while we waited for the train .
My husband and I shared the brie and mini sliders .
They were extremely busy , but all the staff looked cheery ( and we had a perfect view of the kitchen from our bar stools ) .
We chose the buffet and boy oh boy am I glad we did .
The eggs were delicious .
Everyone else really enjoyed they 're meals too .
Horrible for the most part .
I m not a bread pudding fan but it was also good .
Everything came to the table hot from the grill and I nearly burned my tongue it was so fresh !
I told my boyfriend while eating , " you can really tell this food is made fresh " .
The tuna was very nice as well .
The waitress was very knowledgeable about wines and the manager came over and introduced himself and talked to us for awhile .
The guy refused to split our check .
The potato wedges that fanned out across the plate were also just what da doctor ordered .
We order their special app which consisted of 3 oysters and 4 clams , which were very fresh .
It is n't the fanciest of places , but it is very endearing .
We walked through the deli to the balcony along the back , found a table , and ordered Cuban sandwiches and salads .
But our server and chef were so accommodating .
I devoured every bite .
The rest of the food was good .
it is exo and majorly delicious
The inside of my lip tingled .
She was very polite to all 4 of us and addressed any and all concerns we had !
We sat in the bar area which had a nice casual vibe .
exit in O'Fallon , IL ( less than a half hour drive from St.
Everything was clean , modern and lovely , and the sheets and comforters and pillows were incredibly comfortable .
By the end of the night , we could n't even keep track of what we had eaten .
These were obviously fresh as they were sweet and briny ..... a perfect combination .
The fish was tender and flavorful .
yea on the small child size .
All the staff was very friendly and accommodating .
We ordered chips and stuff to munch on while we waited .
Everything was cooked to perfection .
It was a great environment & alllll about the food .
The service was excellent ; in particular , Tina the manager was extremely friendly and accommodating .
It was hours before closing when I went and all she kept saying out loud was how she was " never going to get out of here " .
BYOB , perfect atmosphere , and the chef , Konstantinos came out and introduced himself .
They were sweet and polite and very responsive to our needs .
The food seemed really fresh .
Terrible ... don't waste your money ..... staff is super rude , food is terrible ... don't waste your money or your time
A few days later , I phoned the manager to let him know about our experience .
We met a lovely couple from Scotland as we huddled on deck .
IF NOT , well , nothing I can do so there 。 。 。
Vegan general tso 's pizza .
We were greeted warmly and had a nice long chat with the barista .
We ordered two deep dish pizzas - the Capone and the Deerborn Station .
They sat us quickly in the dining section .
We grabbed some fresh shucked oysters and beers and just chatted while enjoying the view of the ocean .
It was a beautiful day so we asked the hostess about it and she said that the tables were reserved .
5 minutes later , they returned and did not acknowledge us .
Also , it was located right next to our hotel which was plus .
In all fairness they were extremely busy , even out on the patio where we sat .
It was cold and windy the day we were there ( yeah , can you believe it ? ) so there was more of a wait to sit inside .
Boyfriend and I first time eating at snarfs , it was pretty good and very close to home .
There were maybe 6 full tables in the whole place .
The waiter was attentive and the atmosphere was very nice .
One of them approached but did n't say anything , she just grabbed some menus and took us to a table .
I could barely taste it but the burger itself was flavorful .
Againhave to say I was truly disappointed I wo nt return to this place on my next visit
The broth was incredible .
All of the fish was sliced thin and small in size .
Sent us outside to the restrooms which were locked .
Overall , this was a disappointing and overall disgusting experience .
I was a bit disappointed when I asked what kind of cheese they put on it .
The fish was edible .
I worked closely with Angie at Rincon Catering for my wedding at the Santa Barbara Zoo .
FYI , they were empty up front .
We called to make a reservation and were told the only available seating time was at 9:00 .
When we walked in the staff was very friendly .
I believe it was the proprietor that politely greeted us , letting us know that they were open , and welcoming us .
It 's taste horrible .
Our property manager recommended Katie 's amd we 're glad he did .
Everything was made from scratch - the bacon , the mustard , etc .
This was the best choice of our entire trip .
Our server was Dora and she was excellent !
The food was awful and terribly overpriced .
They took care of us nicely .
The cake , true to its name , was a bit crunchy on the outside ( but not so hard you 'll break your teeth ) and gooey in the middle .
We spoke to a manager and she did n't seem too concerned .
It took 10 minutes for someone to greet us .
Oh btw when I called to have someone come up and check the room and the smell they never came - nice !
I was n't sure what to expect walking up to this place .
My dad and I went here as we were traveling up the I-95 .
Finally , she came over to take our orders .
We immediately left due to her unprofessionalism and disrespect ! ! ! ! !
Probably the worst time to go but we had a gift card and we were in the area .
Honestly , there were maybe 4 - 6 other tables in the entire restaurant while we were there .
no apology , just " oh it must have come right out of the fryer " .
We got a smug " I 'm sorry , but she was new " and they brushed us off .
The food was mouthwateringly GOOD .
Bite , after bite , after bite , we were so full we could n't even go to the movies afterwards as planned ! !
It was great and our meal was absolutely amazing .
We all ordered our food , which was brought out at a good time , fresh , and hot .
It was super moist and dense .
I know it 's NOLA and everything could happen here .
Decided to try this place since it 's close to my house ... it was a good gamble .
To our pleasant surprise , there was zero wait !
The reservation for our group had been made weeks in advance , yet they seemed understaffed .
Onion rings were burnt .
I only ate one slice -- the crust was super chewy .
The food really was amazing .
The hubs and I flew into NOLA late the night before , so we crashed near the airport instead of driving to the ' dell late .
We got there without a reservation and were seated very quickly .
Horrible place .
There were flys buzzing around while we ate .
I am glad we did a to go order because I was a bit nervous at first .
We were going to bring it out when you finished the bottle . "
When we got there , our table was almost ready so the hostess asked us to wait at the bar .
The woman said vaguely , " you get your salad over there " .
We told her our food was dine - in .
Came in on a Sunday it was very chill inside .
The waitress insisted on the manager coming over to us .
Terrible experience .
We have been so happy at this resort .
I chose it for three reasons : 1 ) I had a craving for sushi , 2 ) it was only a few blocks from my hotel , 3 ) it seemed casual .
The hosts and servers were all super friendly and attentive .
We drove thirty minutes to get there .
I felt it was a waste of money
Its a decent place .
Attached to their O'Fallon brewery ( in Maryland Heights , Missouri , a suburb of St.
This is my favorite thai restaurant in the St.
I 'm not vegan , but I thought it was very nice and extremely professional of her to ask .
The eggs and salmon were delicious as was the fruit and OJ .
Jany 's omelet and Jany 's salad are excellent .
It was the WORST thing I can remember eating at a restaurant .
The chicken breast was tender and juicy .
Our room was very well kept and very spacious .
The ceviche was delicious .
He was a very attentive waiter and was very friendly .
The cashier was a bit friendlier .
My absolute favorite place to eat .
They were very friendly about it and reserved our area for us .
everything about this whole experience was rather shady except the food .
Next time we are in St.
The food was so average .
The most surprising part was n't the food though .
Matter fact I KNOW .
Honestly it was my first time having pizza that made me feel like it was an experience .
Manager credited me the duplicate thankfully .
I had to ask her , " So should I just go back to the register I was just at and wait for someone to help me with my coffee ? "
Roy , our waiter , was SO PATIENT , caring and compassionate -- he was just the best .
They do make a mean sauzerac .
I told the waitress I was extremely dissatisfied with the situation snd told her to share that with the manager .
The appetizer we ordered was okay ...
It took forever to get our tab .
My skin felt radiant afterwards .
It took almost an hour ( or at least it felt like it ) to get our food .
Seeing as how we 're from Chicago , we left it up to them to pick the place and that 's how we ended up at Farmhaus .
MOST disgusting thing I 've ever had .
The staff seemed annoyed that we were there .
We went to this place with my mom .
Our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia .
Nothing was left on our plates to say the least .
We also split an order of fries , which were ok , but got cold almost immediately .
The filet was cooked perfectly and the chicken was heavenly and moist .
I ordered the crab cakes florentine , which were really good .
The person taking my order did not listen to me and wrote down the wrong address and rudely hung up on me .
Our first stop in Santa Barbara and I 'm so glad we chose this spot for lunch .
We were the only non - Asians in the place , which is always a good sign .
Upon walking in , we were greeted by a hostess as well as the manager who both were very kind .
A woman walked up from the back of the place and said , " ya " .
Loved it so much , we returned the next night asking for Nick .
I though the toast was outstanding !
The waitress ( Angel ) was friendly , attentive and very pleasant .
My wife 's soup , she said , was very nice , the boudin balls were ' okay ' and not as nice as some she had eaten earlier in the day .
It was an informative and authentic experience worth the ticket .
I love , love , love their bread sticks and as a connoisseur of bread sticks this is saying a lot .
The owners daughter has Celiac 's so they are very accommodating and knowledgeable .
The results were a little mixed .
We walked around the mall and did a little shopping before they texted us to let me know our table was ready .
The boyfriend and I both felt that the ingredients , especially the chess , were very high quality .
There was no wait but the servers could n't decide where to put us so we ended up just going to the bar area .
She and I were enjoying our salad and Mark made sure our water glasses were filled at all times .
Both my husband and I agreed they were the best cupcakes we had ever tasted .
Parking for us arriving at 5 pm was waaaaaaaay in the back behind the building and it was raining that night .
Meatballs - they were ok .
" I was the manager that was on last night , and I assure you there was no phone found last night . "
He was so unprofessional and hurtful , especially since we 've always supported this business .
Omg this place rocks
I asked for the managers ' name and she said " there are three " .
I instantly noticed the dirty floor and the sticky table .
We told her our orders and things went smoothly during the process .
We had a table right by the kitchen and it was so fun to watch them whip everything up .
It 's the best place .
Again , everyone in line sort of looked at each other helplessly as this happened .
The actual facility is immaculately clean .
We enjoyed the tables outside on the sidewalk .
We saw nothing of the sort .
Right when we walked in I noticed it was a very welcoming and trendy atmosphere .
We called ahead and it was ready for us when we got there and the service was friendly .
All very top notch .
The fish soup was very tasty .
When we checked out at the front desk what we thought would be a quick fix turned into a nightmare .
The birthday boy had the prime rib .
After dinner we took a trip upstairs where it is very eclectic .
I should have known it would be a bad experience from the beginning .
The grilled cheese looked a little lackluster , but his grandpa seemed to love it , and the soup looked delicious .
hahaha Unfortunately parts of the injera were a little dried .
Our server was very informative and very welcoming !
It was delicious beyond words !
We should 've walked out right then and there , but we figured it was just a mid - week lull .
The only thing particularly chopped was the iceberg lettuce .
The salmon , even without the hollandaise , was moist and flavorful .
I came by for lunch during one of the many crowded conferences I 'm sure St.
The carne was very good .
It was evening when we arrived , and Casita Taqueria had a few customers .
The nighttime mgr is a young lady who is especially nice she helped us check in and throughout our stay ... hotel is so clean ...
Our server was obviously trying to rush us in and out as quickly as possible .
We chose this place because it was close and we were blown away .
Our expectation were pretty low being we 've never been to a party in Clearwater but we were pleasantly surprised .
My bf and I went for lunch .
They have a bench outside where we ate which was nice , bc its very limited seating inside .
Seaweed salad was really good .
It almost seemed like they were all extremely hungover or just stupid .
Biting into the steak I was amazed .
We finally arrived at El Nene 's prepared , cash in hand , and ready to go .
Took my family there last night and was totally impressed .
We were not greeted upon entering the establishment .
My husband summed it up perfectly the other day with " Have we ever ordered anything we really ' liked ' there ? "
There was no apparent reason for this , but it seemed to be what happened to everyone who came in .
I simply asked him to come with me into the theater to see with his own eyes how dark it was .
We sat down and a few minutes later , we were served our side of hummus .
We had to get another basket ! !
Returned to our table and waited and waited .
We spent the entire evening walking through the restaurant to awkwardly pour wine .
The dosa was mushy .
Shoot I 'm surprised they did n't charge for the egg too .
We took home the two meat lasagna .
The slider made me want to curse b / c it was so M&@!?!F#%*$@ good ! ! !
ts obvious these people do n't give a crap about customers and do nt have a clue about service .
We came with kids and it was ok .
It was sitting on the counter for a several minutes being discussed under 4 - 5 different staff people .
We just had dinner at this Greek restaurant that is A 10 minute walk from the art museum .
We were sat almost instantly and greeted kindly by one of the managers .
My boyfriend took me to Nippon Tei the other night , and I was very impressed .
Everything about this place is disgusting .
The food was good we received a sashimi plate and was very pleased with it .
I poked my head in the kitchen and asked the brothers where it was .
Omg This place is amazing .
Ah , but there is the problem right there ... "little " .
So when it came time to return to O'Fallon , IL last night - we had to go to Cheddar 's !
I was really disappointed because other people 's food had looked really yummy when we were waiting to be seated .
We were sat inside with a view of the ocean which gave us a beautiful view while we enjoyed our food .
Our server was really sweet and attentive .
It is a bit hidden around the back of the shopping center , so it 's not obvious to come across .
There were so many fans blowing on us we were pulling our hair out of our mouths every time we spoke .
The burger I had was " ok " good .
My friend and I ate here last night and we had such a wonderful time .
Great service- thanks Matt and Stephan ! !
We were eventually seated right next to their back door entrance , which people entered and exited through the whole night .
The food was very tasty .
Wow ... how did they get that deal ?
Sydney , our waitress , was EXCELLENT ! !
The Big Jerk was flavorful and the meat was very tender ( pork ) .
( and it is a busy week in the city so you wo n't get a table on 18th )
Favorite thing about Mel 's : nobody outside of Manayunk or Roxy knows about Mels .
The food came pretty quickly and very presentable .
I almost feel bad saying anything negative about this place because they were so nice .
Before we got there , we had planned on going somewhere else on the beach for dessert , but that would have been childish .
We were the ONLY customers eating in the entire time .
The bar was hardly full , 2 seats available as soon as we walked in and the restaurant itself was relatively empty .
We took our orange for breakfast the next day .
I loved every minute of it .
We had 3 different people serving us , so we had no idea who our waitress was .
We were seated in a side room with view of the kitchen .
From the moment we sat down , we felt at ease and comfortable .
We shared a key lime pie dessert and it was very tasty !
Overall it was your average breakfast and prices were ok .
Def worth the price and its always fresh .
The staff was lovely , very attentive and accommodating .
The food itself was pretty mediocre .
We were n't sure what to order , so the waiter gave us great suggestions .
We had reserved a space in advance .
Both times we were seated in the front of the restaurant , in a corner booth on the window .
We eventually flagged down someone behind the counter and he told us to pick a seat .
Absolutely awful pizza .
Sorry , Jerry , your review was misinformed and you sound like a classless moron .
We had dinner here at 10 pm on a Thursday night after driving 8 hours from Dallas , TX to New Orleans .
The host went back to the kitchen to find out what happened .
When I asked the girl at the counter , she said it was normal .
Mom and Grandmom and Auntie are all in the back putting each dish together so be prepared to wait .
The grill , fryers , etc were all being covered up .
Ild image it 's pretty average when fully cooked .
Joel , our server was awesome and made us feel at home .
We sat in the bar seating and it was a nice ambiance .
There was no wait on a Sunday night , so we were seated very quickly .
Of course you wo n't make crap for tips .
When I walked back to the car I noticed there was water dripping from the bag !
Unfortunately , the guys and I were n't able to eat - in but we ordered out since we were so tired from the road trip .
The oyster dressing that came with it was very sagey .
As we were leaving , there was a fight breaking out in the parking lot between two men .
Parking was easy and we were seated right away .
Kyle , the bartender , took great care of us !
It seemed like they were understaffed for how many people were there .
I took my mum here for her birthday for lunch and we were both so pleased ! !
Anthony took great care of us ! !
Which is a fine approach ... except it kind of seemed like nobody knew exactly who should be taking our order .
I 'm glad it was since I thought the decor was adorable .
I took my mom , sister , and niece here for dinner and we all enjoyed ourselves .
Food here is good , woman who answered phone was extremely rude to me ... very unprofessional
The fried wontons were kinda weird .
RickI was our OUTSTANDING server ! ! ! ! ! !
It 's a great place close to new hope across the bridge .
Despite being fairly empty , the staff seemed bothered by our presence .
The server who took our order did n't even come and apologize nor come to check in with us when we were eating .
I ordered a gyro and was actually stunned by how small it was .
Everything my gf and I ordered was great .
The food was pretty authentic Taiwanese .
He was a real gentleman .
The prices are very reasonable and it was pleasantly quiet .
It was my first and it was a worthy indulgence .
They 're both great choices and you wo n't be dissapointed .
He did mention we were welcomed to sit at the end of the bar if we wanted to .
The waiters were very quick and could memorize all details of our order without writing them down ( respect ! ) .
Our waiter David was rude to our table .
At the risk of being redundant it was " so fresh " !
So we went back to go buy replacements for our fallen donuts and we told the amazing staff what occurred .
The tacos shells were hand made ... so crispy .
It is so relaxing to sit out and people watch .
Our server was polite and friendly .
no dessert for us , but the food and service were fantastic ! ! ! !
The roll was delicious !
She pointed to the person standing directly in front of me and said you are the last to be served .
They are small ( errrr .
We were seated at a table in the bar area .
The service was excellent and our waiter was extremely polite and friendly .
We asked our server if we could have the same table ( nice window seat ) we were seated , and she said " of course . "
We enjoyed our food very much .
The eggs were perfectly , beautifully , delicately poached .
A waiter walked over and informed me that I could have asked for the burger without the tomato ... uh , duh ?
There were also beautiful paintings on the wall .
Unfortunately , there were no tours that day ( or for the rest of our time in St.
Not even a browned crust .
These were not your typical gnocchi , these were cheesy .
The rest of the food was just okay - the chicken I had was very hard and I only had a few bites of it before throwing it away .
oh my goodness .... what happened to this place ?
Ate lunch here today with my parents and we were beyond impressed !
The desserts were truly delicious .
We had a reservation and were seated promptly .
The server was very sweet and accommodating .
We called just a day before our visit ( they book 2 months ahead ) we were very lucky to get in !
I almost do n't want to tell you how great this place is for fear I wo n't get a seat .
We were told we needed to wait because there was n't enough chefs , which is TOTALLY fine and understandable .
The food was on point , as always , but due to how busy this place was , ( Still here . Just paid our check ) Cam was superb !
Our drinks was what caught my attention !
Gabby our server was nice , polite and made it better .
The food came out quick and was very tasty .
The meat in each was tender and perfectly cooked .
The food was delicious .
The food was delicious .
We where sat down and waited 10 minutes while the staff held their conversation .
The first thing the server told us was that they were out of the soup of the day .
thanks to our waiter [ Alvin , who was the only decent part of our visit ] it was eventually removed .
Mary the bartender was friendly and engaging .
Overall it was a good experience .
I sat outside and ate and people watched .
Edson provided wonderful service and the food was Outstanding ! !
Everything we had was spot on .
My boyfriend , an avid omnivore and I , a pescatarian , enjoyed all of the dishes we received .
Our large group ate on the deck near the water .
He merely said that " you got an extra large order " .
Tony and I opted to stop at Sam 's Sports Bar and Grill for dinner this evening .
It 's a shame how they talked to us .
We were super hungry by the time we were seated so the food went down fast .
I did nt be made fun of !
Of course the very best part was seeing my name plastered everywhere .
We then each ordered our burgers ( me - the basic burger , my husband - the American burger ) .
We were n't planning to make this a stop on our trip , but I 'm glad we did .
The shrimp puff was so delicious !
They did take it off our bill and the managers were very happy we shared the feedback .
This is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans .
We politely told our waitress and she took the burger right back and had them make a new one for us .
We ordered a small cheese pizza and boneless buffalo wings .
From the time we sat down to the time we paid , he kept us laughing .
I placed and order online and the order came in 20 minutes !
My wife and I went to Cinco de Mayo on a busy Friday night .
It was cooked to perfection .
We literally scraped it off our plates and threw the whole thing out .
When we said " There was n't much meat . "
The tables around the edges of the room are a bit close to one another , so seating is tight .
The waffle was fluffy and delicious .
the meat was dry and a bit bland - totally tragic .
Welcome to downtown , Richard 's .
Marti 's is our favorite restaurant in the Quarter !
Nunca mas volveré a ese lugar .
The girl who took our order did n't get the order right .
It was an okay experience .
The delicious , delicate fresh spaghetti and ravioli are made by Mamma Vincenza 's carefully - trained staff .
The waitress recommended the local lobster and it was delicious !
The fried sweet plantains are caramelized to absolute perfection .
The shrimp were large and delicious .
It was absolutely a joy to have our wedding here .
Dooners was definitely my favorite meal of the trip .
very disappointed in the food ... so let down i ca n't think of anything else to say
One of the first things we noticed was that their " outside seating " was in the parking lot .
It took nearly 45 minutes until I got my order .
Our server asked how our meals were and I was completely honest with him .
We both agreed that the sauce was a bit of a let down .
Chipotle 's just opened up about a few feet away ..... Goodbye Moe 's .
The food was unbelievable too .
The rest of the people I was with raved about the sushi , too , so I 'm guessing they loved it .
The fries were delicious .
It 's not our typical kind of place but we are so glad we went .
it 's such a refreshing break from all the other utterly characterless food in st .
This restaurant was an unexpected positive surprise on a visit to St.
The roti was so soft !
The staff was very friendly and attentive .
We came in for dinner with my parents .
Even though it was August , we were able to dine comfortably on the patio .
It was like my ( white ) mom 's taco night as a kid .
The waitress was attentive and the rest of the employees were all nice people .
The grilled swordfish was also very dry and extremely fishy tasting .
Hubby and happened upon this place accidentally and I 'm glad we did .
I really enjoyed my meal here , I was eating alone and there was no WiFi but I actually felt very comfortable !
One night we sat and listened to Don Schlitz perform and my husband said , " We are so spoiled . "
The pierogi dough is so soft and light it 's almost like a crepe .
He brought me a banana pudding dessert with a candle on it and omgggg it was amazingggg ! !
They cook it on a smokey grill out back , you can see it when you 're pulling up to park behind the tent .
There were mashed potatoes on the side .
Terrible first impression .
Our waitress was very attentive and friendly .
We picked up a various assortment of pastries and treats , and our total was about $ 7 for everything , a very great deal !
Our server 's name was Erica and she was an absolute delight .
Its cute , quaint and cozy .
The dish was so delicately seasoned with such a fine touch that I enjoyed smelling it almost as much as tasting it .
Never in my whole entire life have I ever been to a place that handled a situation so horribly .
Dayum , that was a good burger .
Oh I really do love this place .
The chips and salsa were pretty lame ..... and the tacos were ok ..... nothing special .....
The bacon was honestly pretty good by itself .
The cabbage was ok .
We placed our order and were told to pull around to the window to pay .
The service was kind of weird .
My immediate reaction to the decor / ambiance was that it felt like an upscale VFW .
it was quite the tasty dish .
I do n't care if it 's only a few blocks bike ride from my house , it 's not worth it .
It was a busy Saturday morning but we got seated right away .
We did nt even bother trying to get sam to fix the order .
one of the diners chose ant 's pants .
I almost felt like he was rushing to take care of us instead of genuinely trying to give us an experience .
There was a air of excitement around the bar as Colts fans watched the game .
The decor was horrible .
Very disappointed in my last visit .
The old guy behind the counter ( I 'm assuming he 's the proprietor ) was unwelcoming , surly , and kinda rude .
As soon as they got to their room , I received a text with the news .
I called the place on Saturday to tell them about our Friday night experience .
I enjoy sitting outside on the patio it 's almost a little tropical paradise in the heart of Citrus Park .
We did speak with the owner after eating and he shared his background .
Louis , and I have lived here all my life .
My fiancee dragged the chef out the kitchen to praise him for the deliciousness we experienced .
My server Lynn was a bit condescending and mispronounced a majority of the names of the dishes .
I 've come here every time I visit st .
As for the food it was outstanding .
Finally after waiting one hour and 45 minutes we were finally seated .
Food was terrible ! ! !
We went with her recommendations and were n't disappointed .
All in all , it was a pretty good meal .
It was early am when we landed so of course they were n't ready for us but would call us when they were , no later than 3 .
It was n't packed ( but we were packed in a kind of wrap around booth ) .
We sat at the bar and had a great conversation with the waiter .
Lucky for me La Patisserie Chouquette came to the rescue !
The decor was nice and provided sort of a classy atmosphere .
We were seated by the window so we got to watch traffic pass by on Canal Street .
Everyone raved about their food .
Inside , the ambiance is cheese - city -- very German kitschy -- but weirdly enchanting .
Great night .
Good work , La Rev !
It completely ruined the experience and we all immediately left .
The biscuits were very moist and fluffy .
And the service was prompt , attentive and very friendly .
The chicken was really tender and cooked perfectly .
I swear , the young man made sure that area was spotless and I truly appreciated that .
The filet was delicious .
We took 15 min boat ride which was kinda funny and it let us rest our legs - it was $ 10.50 .
We shared an order of fried pickles and I had the pork tacos .
As my 8 year old daughter said- " it was delightful ! "
What the actual F !
The tostada 's ingredients were layered together to create a perfect bite .
Overall the food was delicious , except for a few somewhat minor hiccups :
Our table raved about all the sides particularly the brussels sprouts were sweet and caramelized ( perfection ) .
There were a few others at our table who had similar opinions of the food .
Watching the guys and gals through the window throwing the dough and seeing the process was eat - tainment .
We got to the restaurant with a bottle of wine and both of us were very hungry .
Reasons : The server was on her cell phone from the minute we walked in to the minute we walked out ( about 90 minutes ) .
The best part was the Banana Chocolate cake .
The manager did speak to us and said it was a weird transition of shift change , which in all honesty is unacceptable .
Needless to say , we just left and enjoyed a very good meal at Coop 's Place a few blocks down .
The dessert just felt like home .
Everyone at the table was satisfied .
The steak was tender .
I picked it up at the shop .
We went to Ybor city one night and came across this place ! !
I thought that was a nice touch .
I took my family in to eat last Saturday after the Cardinals game and this place was absolutely disgusting .
i felt like i was sitting around waiting for something the whole time i was there .
We passed by several tables on our way to our seats and everyone 's food looked straight nasty .
The rest of the store was nicely laid out and so clean .
They thought it was funny how much we kept raving about their food .
A little place tucked in the historic Hill neighborhood of St.
When we arrived it was n't many people waiting .
In retrospect , I 'm happy I did n't order it because I 'm sure it would have been just wrong .
When we walked in , we were greeted by multiple employees who were very friendly .
The next day , I called and asked to speak with the owner / manager who got on the phone .
Took our deli lunch out back under the trees .
4 of us dined and each of us enjoyed our meals .
Mark was our server and he was nice as usual .
The cornbread croutons were freaking amazing .
The plates were just ginormous .
Her response to us ordering was sighing and rolling her eyes .
There was a big group of us and everyone really enjoyed their meal .
Meatballs and sweet potato 's were delicious
It was packed but we waited a total of 15 minutes from start to finish .
We were the only table in the restaurant , so the food came out fast .
The food in the hotel was average .
We had to practically yell across the table to have a conversation .
He made every drink to perfection and was so attentive .
Ernesto never misses anything and handles everything with the utmost professionalism .
Cashier rang up 2 modelos AND 1 CORONA
Upon arrival , we were told that , since we did not place a deposit , there was not a table for us .
The rabbit tasted surprisingly like chicken .
The whole dish was spicy which was fine .
Our initial contact with the waiter was disappointing as he did not smile and was quite unfriendly .
So , that was our first pick .
Our appetizer came out unusually late , not sure what went down .
It is one of my favorite places in the city .
Once we viewed the property we knew that it was our reception venue .
The problem was not the food we ingested , but the food that was cleared and spilled onto our laps and the floor .
( Our total for both our entrees , tableside guac , a Dos Equis Amber , one glass of sangria and tip was a little over $ 80 . )
The owner is really personable and always stops by our table to speak to us when we are there .
So , when she finally came around 16 minutes later , I apologized and told her they were really gross .
Every bite was gorgeous .
The second time we were asked to move because a couple wanted to sit behind us and could n't see .
It had a burnt taste and it was dry .
We took the family to an expensive restaurant at Universal .
I mean every hot plate was empty .
Sorry there 's no picture attached .
We advised the Maitre D ' that we had an 8 PM theatre function and they took pains to ensure we walked out on time .
My friends at work ( connoisseurs of good food in the St.
The chocolate chip cookie dessert is actually vegan moon pie - its was unexpected awesome .
10 minutes had gone by and a lady got sat in the booth next to us .
The architecture of the dining room was very cool as well - it had a very Victorian feel , which I personally love .
From the check in when my daughter told them it was her wedding weekend and the response was " Oh " .
We found this place and were immediately excited .
When I walked in I was pleasantly surprised at the kind of cozy feel it had .
The servers walked by us several times making eye contact with us , but never spoke with us or even welcomed us .
Overall , The experience was stressful , mainly because of the long wait .
I stopped in for lunch and everything was very good .
No drinks as we both had water in the car .
At the time we were there , only one other table was occupied .
We were promptly seated and the wait staff was courteous and efficient .
The grilled cheese was also amazingly gooey and the hotdog was a unique compliment to the grilled cheese .
This was the obvious choice .
There was absolutely no taste .
There were 5 people in my group .
I informed the MOD that I had neglected to read all of the terms and conditions , therefore she refused to help .
the jazz band , and passengers , were literally blown off the decks .
& a nice atmosphere :)
It was very annoying , the server to the table next to us was more attentive to his table than ours was to ours .
She did acknowledge at least that there were plenty of open bar seats at the time , so it was ok for us to sit there " for now " .
I mentioned that there was a restaurant in St.
But I had to sit outside because the music was so loud inside I felt like I was a night club .
While we were seated right away it took 15 minutes to place a drink order .
We sat smack dab in front of the window , with a clear shot of the bar and all the wonderful art deco - ish paintings .
' Sorry to say it was a big disappointment .
The manager was EXTREMELY rude ! ! ! ! ! ! !
He just yelling with us and very very mean behavior .
The margherita and salsiccia pizzas were both outstanding .
We had a blast !
My wife and I popped in early Friday evening for our first visit .
To our surprise , we were the oldest ones in the dining room .
( Actually H&H was n't a real resto .
Our server was attentive and pleasant throughout the meal .
This is the worst part about the place .
We were pretty hungry so we went ahead and ordered pretzel and a few doners .
It 's a ringing endorsement .
It could have been our new favorite place .
There was just a bottle of olive oil .
The gentleman who was working was very polite and patient in answering our questions and even providing a sample of the dall .
The sauce was the worst offender .
We paid a little over $ 11 for our lunch ( each ) .
" Our kitchen does n't know how to poach egg whites , so if you want them they 'll have to scramble them . "
Do n't even try and park in the back of the building , it 's tight and dangerous even getting there and back .
STB is our absolute favorite restaurant in the Nashville area .
My wife and I had dinner at Maynard 's on NYE and were really impressed .
We tipped our waitress 15 % and she was slightly rude to us on the way out .
Only redeeming factor was the excellent crisp Chardonnay .
The bathroom upstairs was in decent condition .
It was a very filling meal .
( Beware this is very little seating )
She was funny , attentive , and gave us each a big hug or two before we left .
Even jumping on the lobby couch did n't cause a mean stare .
The chicken was tasty , as was the biscuit .
The table was still sticky and that sauce plate was also dirty .
The service was attentive .
Just left our dinner .
The fig and goat cheese , serrano and margherita flatbreads were delicious as well .
I ordered edamame and a Crystal Shrimp roll .
He 'd been really eager to try it out since we 'd heard so many good things about this place , and I 'm glad we came .
It 's dark with loud music video 's playing on several TV 's hung from the ceiling .
We were disgusted with the staff there .
It was early - ish for a Friday ( around 6 pm ) so we were seated right away .
The rest of the dishes were just okay .
We were greeted by the super nice woman working the counter and she explained the whole process .
Notice that I said wedges , as in plural ?
We were greeted and seated quickly as they were not busy at the time we arrived .
The whole plate was just fries .
However , the owner of restaurant called back right away and apologized .
It was more of a prolonged experience .
The service was spot on -- prompt , attentive , and friendly .
The burger came on a potato bun so it was VERY soft .
The waiter is a professional , knowing when to stop by and when to let us linger and enjoy our meal and animated conversation .
I had the spicy chicken and Dan had the chicken cordon bleu .
We were so pleased with them and devoured them in silence- a sure sign of amazing food .
Finally after an hour of waiting we were seated .
The wings are so meaty and juicy .
We ordered a bottle and after he poured the three glasses he took the bottle off the table which is completely inappropriate .
The location is a little hidden , and it is set back inside a fenced area .
We immediately let our server know , and she said she would go grab them .
he yelled my name for the order even though i was standing two feet away and he knew it was mine ?
We really enjoyed our visit to Chatham Tap House .
We had our son 's Christening reception here ( based on price & location ) and it was amazing ! ! !
We ordered Bloody Mary , Mimosa and a Bailey 's Irish coffee for drinks .
Oh Pizzeria Vetri , how I wanted to 4 and 5 star love you- but our night was nt that night .
The chicken Gyros were very ordinary .
The oh not so comfortable feeling .
My mom had the Pork Pastor and I had the Octopus .
We had no complaints there .
Stuffed bellpeppers-- Did nt sample it but the man said it was ' good ' !
Oh , yeah .... there was a side of Billy Goat chips too =)
5 stars for my sandwich it was simply amazing ! !
Jeff was our server , and he exhibited extensive knowledge about all the ingredients , dishes , and wines .
All of the food was really tasty and very fresh .
The pizza was superb !
She replied , " here , we love our food salty " .
It is encrusted and a little spicy , it was very good .
All employees were very friendly .
The staff was very attentive and friendly .
We did n't have an issue finding parking a block away and were seated promptly when we walked in .
She kept on looking at me funny the whole time I asked her anything .
I called the manager ahead of time ( days ) and let him know the situation .
Went for lunch and the service was snappy and friendly and everything we ordered was fresh and incredibly flavorful .
I knew exactly where it was when I read the name , but I could not think of anyone I knew that had ever been here .
The atmosphere and service was exemplary ! !
We were not that hungry and ended a la carte .
You have to pay $ 25 per 2 people and they only accept cash-_- I had a horrible experience ! ! ! !
This place came highly recommended .
I tasted the other friend 's barbeque shrimp , it was so delicious , it made me regret ordering the fish .
The service was prompt and very friendly .
We sat and waited for over forty minutes waiting for our cold food .
We were all made to feel very comfortable from start to finish .
The opening shift did n't unlock the doors on time so we were worried that they were closed ( even though lights were on ) .
We were their first customers of the day , so no waiting , we were shown directly to a table .
What a great experience ! !
The chicken sandwich was delicious .
My husband and I arrived when there was two other tables occupied and sat down with our menus .
The bread pudding was excellent ! ! ..
They explained the menu to us .
The gumbo was very flavorful and the fried chicken was absolutely delicious .
I took my 3 year old daughter and 16 year old sister and we were all pleased .
She sat and talked to me like an old friend and went into detail about all the dishes I was thinking about .
The service was friendly and attentive .
This was our first visit to New Orleans .
Waiter was very knowledgeable .
Last night 's dinner was a profound disappointment .
I asked him to explain what the condiments were on the table because they were labeled in Vietnamese , and of course he did .
She gave us the check in a timely manner and brought us boxes promptly when requested .
Very attentive and was very knowledgeable about the menu and made us feel very welcomed .
The only good memorable moment was when I said under my breath " This place is terrible , " and my young son repeated me .
I was very disappointed in our lunch this afternoon .
Our server was very attentive and was quick to make sure we were all happy .
It was quiet inside because it is an early Sunday morning .
My roommates and I came here for the ND / MSU game and I 'm sad to say , we probably wo n't be back .
It was n't until the hostess noticed us looking around that she called someone over to take our drink orders .
Visit at your own risk ! ! ! ! ! '
That was n't the worst part though , it was the pine nuts .
His response was " call corporate " .
We parked at the Pho & beyond shopping complex - and walked over .
We had a lovely brunch on a cold , rainy Sunday .
My to go stop in Goleta
A total surprise for us both .
I lovedeepdish pizza and 312 you were on point .
He and two other employees did not acknowledge us or the other customers for at least 10 minutes .
Me and my party pal felt like we had just been shoved into someone 's basement .
Someone else said that the area seemed a bit dicey ... it just seemed desolate to me .
I forgot to mention the name of the waitress that was so rude and unwelcoming .
The best part of the meal was the cranberry sauce which was excellent .
There were 6 of us there and our drinks and dinner order came out very quickly .
I ended up sitting by the window because it was still daylight and holding up my tiny compact on the couch .
I 'm ashamed to say I ate nearly the entire order myself .
The oyster were teeny and they also were gritty .
Ca n't wait to return for dinner .
Cons : I think it 's a bit overpriced given it 's location .
The waitress said yes it was vegan .
There is no reason it should 've been greasy at all , since all it had was spinach , wild mushrooms , asparagus , and tomatoes .
There were two different ones , but I do n't remember what they were called .
The nachos were seriously disgusting ...
My wife and I found his place on our last day in New Orleans on the other side bourbon street ( Frenchmen area ) .
but dam , it was worth the wait !
The waiter chatted with us , gave menu recommendations , and was funny .
Our waitress was very attentive and insured we had what we needed in a non - overbearing way .
The whole experience rubbed me the wrong way .
Even when i went to walk her the car attendants greeted her by name .
We probably should have split one of the combo plates as the walk home was a bit more of a waddle .
I ordered the Roberto and a chocolate cookie .
He was a total jerk about it with no forgiveness after I told him I was led to believe it was happy hour .
Before he sorted it out , we sat at the bar .
Due to all the glowing reviews , I guess it must have been an off - day when I ate here .
Our server Joe was the sweetest gentleman .
No wonder they call themselves " healthy " .
The donuts were truly transcendant .
We really enjoyed our breakfast .
It was hard to find the hotel but we eventually found it .
Our server I think her name was Carrie was attentive and courteous .
My family and I were visiting from CA and it was our first time at a Chick fil a.
Lol the Rasberry jam was a nice touch .
Inside , there 's a huge aquarium , and we stood there and looked at it for about 20 minutes , lol .
It took 45 minutes for our appetizers to come out .
We really enjoyed this place .
Mufaletta was just okay , cold in the middle .
I told them it was my first time and they were more than happy to work with me while I surveyed the entire menu .
The employees were very friendly and accommodating .
The catfish was moist and crispy as well as the oysters .
Most of the other people got salads on this hot day which all looked tasty and fresh too .
Kinda sloppy eating but sooo worth it .
The potatoes tasted weird and had like a weird tangy flavor .
I liked that the meat was finely chopped so it was easy to eat .
Thou , they did forget one order .
We ordered the tomatoes and the corn and the chicken and the wild boar .
My wife had the soup and salad and our friends had a flatbread and the chicken tortellini .
The owner had made her way around to our table a few times asking how we were which I liked .
A very neat little hole in the wall .
The salad was delicious .
Our first impression was " Wow , this is a very nice restaurant . "
The cafe is very tiny , but super cozy and lovely :) We ordered a baklava to share and it was delicious .
The pizza sauce was very bland .
The person who took my order was friendly and helpful .
The rest of the staff was very friendly and I could tell were happy to be there .
The part that got me even more was the meat .
It was snowing out , and every time that door opened , a blast of cold air hit our table .
It 's not a bad place to go , but I think it 's a bit overpriced .
Really poor experience .
We had the amberjack and it was literally the best fish I had ever eaten .
The worst part of the meal was the service .
The potato skins were very good too .
Our order was correct .
Two other wait staff seemed to be sharing our table , but no idea who was responsible for our table .
Plantain , spinach lasagne was amazing .
I was shocked because of how crowded the place was .
That should have been my first clue as to what our experience was going to be like .
One of the waitresses lives nearby our home .
The food was amazing .
The food was AMAZING .
Regardless , we MADE it , that 's the important thing .
After a short wait we were seated by a very pleasant host .
After we placed our order the food arrived pretty quickly .
Last Friday we met two friends at Abel 's Authentic Mexican Cuisine located in Verdi , NV .
Not only was our order delivered in a very timely manner , but the pizza was fresh , hot , and smelled wonderful !
It was the first place that we chose once we got into town .
The food was amazing as well .
The meatballs were delicious .
Mostly the atmosphere fire pit and seats by the ocean were our favorite
We stand outside and wait , mind you it 's winter and cold .
" We had soooo much fun ! "
We had our wedding reception at the Rusty Pelican and the food was wonderful !
Liz was our server and went above and beyond .
It was n't busy so we expected the service to be excellent and to my surprise it was n't .
Louis twist they put on the food here .
my favorite pizza place in the area .
All the food was delicious ! ! !
The truffle fries were delicious .
We 've been visiting the owner 's other place , EPICE , more than Kalamatas .
The staff was very friendly and made sure we were taken care of the entire time .
The festival was very organized .
My bowl was so delicious .
It was an incredibly mediocre meal .
Ka'Chi was in the right place at the right time .
The miso soup was very smooth and the tofu in it was tasty .
Ok , I deeply liked the lukewarm potato soup ( insert sarcasm ) .
There were n't many cars in the parking lot .
The chairs outside are hard metal chairs with open slats on the bottom that are just not comfortable at all .
When we arrived , the hostess had her back to us for several minutes before noticing us .
It 's a small " shack " at the end of the pier .
We were eating our ribs when the waiter came by to ask us how our meal was and we said fine .
I live down the street from the M.L.
We were pleasantly surprised to be cheerily welcomed in and told the kitchen was open .
I do n't recall his name but he told us he was originally from Miami .
When we walked in we were greeted by the overwhelming odor of grease .
That is the most important thing about this restaurant .
What a great local cafe ! !
They make great recommendations and were very attentive .
I drove back and they admitted they had given me the wrong order .
On the way out we noticed a note taped to the front door .
The pizza was greasy and cold .
Well its not the Magazine st location for sure .
I think I got really lucky on this trip to St.
For this I was really surprised and really appreciated her concern .
It was a pretty cute little restaurant ; the atmosphere was definitely " neighborhood pub . "
Waiter spilled wine two tables down from us .
We were offered free dessert .
Petit Filet all around our table each perfectly done .
We shared the bread pudding .
I bit into the sandwich and what did I taste ?
My fiance 's chow mein was literally a mound of onions with bits of shredded pork here and there .
and it was a great experience .
The food arrived fairly quickly .
It would have been nice to sit but we only stayed for a drink apiece , so it was n't that bad .
My server allie was extremely attentive , and everything we asked for came out on time with no hassles .
This was the hardest decision of my day !
Upon entering this place the smells wafting from the back were tantalizing .
From the hostess to the concierge everybody was very friendly .
The bucatini was good , and sauce was appropriately light and spicy .
The waitstaff were very nice and attentive .
We went to watch the football game .
It was 10:30 on a Sunday and we only waited 10 minutes .
All in all it was good experience .
Came here for lunch on a very cold day , convenient location right around the corner from my office .
The bayou is literally right outside and its beautifully chaotic .
It tasted rancid and completely inedible .
There were no tables available so we came back up front .
Let 's just say the moment I took my first bite it was as if angels touched down on my tongue , it was heavenly !
Miso soup , the bean paste soup tasted more Japanese than Korean .
the staff were very rude
It was super fun and such a great experience !
As we scanned the selections we also watched what was coming from the kitchen .
The manager 's ( John 's ) first response was " But that was a while ago . "
The negatives as I stated was the food was dried out ( sorta like going to a bad buffet ) .
We were promptly greeted by the hostess and seated at a table that felt a little " hidden . "
Worst restaurant experience ever .
We were relegated to a back room with no one around .
I 'm so glad he did as we really enjoyed our food .
My friends and I came here after taking one of them to ER .
his reply was do not speak to me like that and i just lost it .
The meat was so tender and cut so smoothly .
The food arrived cold and had to be sent back - which of course turned into a big ordeal .
Everything was extremely fresh ( I concur on the crisp lettuce ) well seasoned and just plain delicious .
I do n't even think there was a throne .
In addition , he was friendly and attentive .
I tasted his dinner and loved it .
It turned out to be one of my rare good impulsive decisions .
It 's so significant I can only assume this is a change in ownership .
Then , we ended up eating in the kitchen and it was delicious !
When you go up a few steps there 's a gift shop , a table , and the register .
I stayed on hold for 8 minutes at which I called back and spoke to someone else who just seemed like " Oh Well . "
No real complaints there .
At this point , the gentleman offered to bring us back our ten dolllars for the pizza and we accepted .
The food was delicious , especially the shrimp and grits .
i am glad i did call ron over along with the manager and shred this coupon in front of them , though i 'm not sure why i did n't .
All 3 rolls were delicious .
The beds were comfortable , the place clean , and at the rate we were paying , an absolute bargain .
Our waiter sang happy birthday in Greek to a nearby table .
We all opted for the ' Choose 2 for $ 8.29 ' deal ; totally a WinWin situation here .
Overall it was a pleasant stay .
The food was n't bad .
There was a well dressed man behind the bar , not sure if he was a manager or not , he did n't say a word to us .
All 7 of us expressed the same sentiment - it was the best brunch we ever tasted .
We had a big party - 4 adults and 5 kids - and it took over an hour to get our food .
The coffee was really weak , too .
I think we were fortunate that it was a weekday and it was cold , so we only had to stand in line about 20 minutes or so .
We also ordered the charbroiled oysters and they were AMAZING ! ! ! !
Kayla , our server , was pleasant , informative , and extremely knowledgeable about the food .
Last night , however , was a different experience .
I walked in and was amazed at how small the place was .
The staff proceeded to call my boyfriend a nigger & follow my friend outside threatening to call the cops .
Our service was fast and attentive .
Friday night during the Phillies game we went to Chickie 's and Pete 's , we were immediately seated at a two top table .
The service was great the workers were really nice and patient with me haha indecisive !
We called on the evening of arrival to ask for them to bring blankets for the fold out bed . , and towels .
Conditions inside & out were bad .
The meat section looked AWFUL , most of the meat was turning brown and the whole back of the store smelled like rotten food .
Tonight we followed our daughter and her family to the Avon location ( unaware of where they had decided to go for dinner ) .
She assured us that it was just that day they were closing early .
Chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes .
The pasta was perfectly prepared and the sauce was absolutely delicious .
I am so glad I remembered the name .
We were seated within 10 minutes when the place looked very busy .
The food tasted delicious and fresh .
The atmosphere was cool and it was really nice inside .
We let that comment go since we were taking ownership that we were not all there on time .
They were very accommodating and gave us free samples and offer to cook them and pack them for us !
My girlfriend and I just went there Saturday night and loved it .
The Carne Asada plate was delicious .
The service and food was outstanding ! !
I 'm assuming it was food poisoning/ a bad batch of ground meat .
I came here with one other person ( rookie mistake ) on a quiet Thursday evening , and the waiters were very attentive to us .
Why are the blinds closed ? ? ?
What really impressed me about this place was the excellent and attentive service I got at the bar .
The service was absolutely horrible , the waitress was unresponsive to anything we said .
Saki and beer came back to us by the time we sat down .
Why I did n't say anything or even paid for it , I have no idea .
As a first timer to this place I was was very confused walking in .
The atmosphere was super relaxed- it really made for the perfect afternoon .
The staff were very attentive and helpful .
Our waiter went to go get DeDe the head manager and she came over , addressed our concerns with poise and was extremely kind .
Then we split the anticuchos de carne .
The cups were dusty to the point you could wipe your finger over and see the residue- no thank you .
Our new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia
The rep said she would call us when the room was ready ( only about 10 minutes ) .
Both experiences were picture perfect .
The manager annalee came by to check on us , and she was extremely professional .
My husband and I dined here for the first time last night to celebrate his birthday .
Better than the other local places ( Distrito , Gaucamole , etc ... ) .
I stopped in for dinner and a drink & was thoroughly pleased !
Really liked the interior set up and décor .
The jambalaya was pretty awful .
We had very good service .
Based on the reviews I saw here we were quite surprised with the meal we had .
The ambiance was cool .
The Louisiana Oysters surprisingly were pretty large in size & they tasted really fresh .
My family and I just ate here .
We sat outside on a breezy evening .
Also , you have to go outside to get to the bathroom which is pretty inconvient when it 's raining out .
in the rear left the Beer Yard .
Their decor was colorful and pretty .
Our server was friendly & attentive .
I only tell Mr. Hassan that I want lassie or chaat ; he takes care of the rest .
It was cool sitting at the counter .
It 's like stepping back in time .
The GOOD - most of the dishes .
We decided to eat here instead of at our hotel and it was a great decision .
Our server was kind and attentive and the waitstaff were accommodating .
John and his staff were so accommodating and found us a great seats close enough to the windows to watch the parade go by .
I stole some of my friend 's and it was awwesooome ( said w/ vibrato ) .
I 'm a HUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE fan .
She gave us 2 menus to share & was annoyed we did n't have our order ready because we were n't regulars .
It kind of tasted like they had fried it in the same oil that fished had previously been fried in .
We liked this place a lot .
I do n't care either way , it 's not a bad game .
Well we went back again for dinner and we were far more pleased .
The shower was really nice too .
It was an amazing meal !
The lamb looked amazing and everyone that ordered it around us said how great it was .
Our server did n't speak much English , making it hard to get explanations of the dishes .
We sat in a Founders box and it was very comfortable with great views .
This was our first time trying Cal Taco , as we just moved to town and it 's a 3 minute walk from our apartment .
The server had a really hard time taking our order .
Chicken shawarma , Grecian sauce , Lebanese iced tea .
The food was divine .
they did n't name the place ' the prime rib ' for no reason , right ?
The roasted chicken , grilled gulf fish , and crawfish risotto were very well received .
The toppings and cheese were equally disturbing .
The ambiance and the restaurant , overall , looked nice .
-1/2 for having to go outside in the rain to get to the bathroom
The fish tacos were spicy and absolutely delicious .
You order at the window , take a seat on the patio , and your order is brought out to you .
The waiter was a nice guy , it just seemed to take forever for our food to come out .
The restaurant was crowded , but there was n't a line out the door - it was just " normal full " .
We also got a salad and it was ok .
When we walked in , the hostess seemed very a bit aloof to what was going on .
Only downside was our bad server .
We had drinks at Picasso while we waited .
The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable .
was a very enjoyable evening .
The stuffed grape leaves also very good
We were called by the host who proceeded to seat us outside .
A truly unique experience .
Everything in the shop was beautiful and well put together .
Our group ordered 2 pizza pies .
We both loved this place and ca n't wait to return , however weight is an issue ....
When we got there , there was a 45 minute wait , which we were ok with .
( Dining is a pleasure , not work . )
The deep fried oysters were really dark , they looked burnt .
It was very busy but they we able to seat us by the kitchen , a great spot .
The host and the waitstaff were attentive and professional .
I even picked off a piece that I thought was " fat " , but then realized that that was impossible because it 's just tofu .
We were getting a little frustrated and quite frankly pretty hungry at this point .
Every bartender , every catering staffer , every hotel desk person , all of them , were SO customer - service oriented .
It basically comes down to service .
My only complaint was how god awful the bathroom was .
The steak was so juicy , tender and seasoned so eloquently and the puree was seasoned beautifully as well .
We wait a couple minutes outside and then a second employee arrived and says to us " it 's not open yet " ?
My boyfriend is Korean so we understood what they were saying .
The rosemary french fries were very good .
He continually touched the sliders by the sides I guess to make sure they were warm .
Coming from a person who 's whole family is from the bayous of Louisiana it 's ok .
My mom said she slept for s**t because of all of the noise & it was a shame too because the bed was so comfortable .
Our waitress was super nice and attentive- even gave us advice on where to get an oil change .
Walking in , I am immediately struck by how pretty the place is .
Every thing was perfectly cooked .
It 's also located right at the edge of girard estates area of philly which is the nicest and safest area in the city .
My boyfriend and I come here regularly since it 's so close to our apartment .
Thank goodness .
We went straight for the bar and settled there .
The waiter was very friendly and helpful .
This was a really nice dessert but I was super happy that we had ordered this other dessert dish :
Everything about our experience was great .
Probably not the house specialty and probably not what I should have ordred , but c'est la vie .
Both experiences were very good .
I stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Tampa for an evening back in September of this year and I have to say it was a pleasant stay .
We have an issue .
What was truly sad was the ambiance .
Went the first night for dinner and I have to say it was alright .
The bathroom had urine on the floor .
Every minute and every plate was amazing .
We had an extreme view of the city , and it night , it was gorgeous .
Not sure if she actually said anything , but we gave her our order anyway .
We just used our Iphone light app and placed it over a clean wine glass which actually gave it a nice romantic feel .
Out of the three meats the sausage was the least worse .
And on top of that , he charged us for the red AND the white wine ! ! ! ! !
A friend and I went in for brunch this morning and it was absolutely amazing .
The staff were wonderful and very attentive .
I ca n't comment on the wine as we brought a bottle with us- but other people looked happy with their drink selections .
The sauce and crust were especially perfect .
The place was clean and pretty busy when we got there around 6 pm .
Sitting at the counter we got to watch all the other plates go out to other tables .
We came here for my girlfriends 21st birthday and it was simply incredible .
Just asking a question here or there or ordering something from the menu , I felt like I was inconveniencing them .
She took our drink and dinner order immediately .
Everything was tender and cooked to perfection .
Once we all ordered our food and sat down the wait staff was very attentive and helpful .
( Even though I was still eating my Gumbo ) I understand the concept however their were plenty of open seats .
Het moraal van dit verhaal- je raakt hier niet geïrriteerd omdat andere mensen voor schnitzelen .
All three sandwiches were delicious .
Waitress was very attentive .
The sushi itself was unbelievable .
the hostesses and waitresses were all aloof and unengaged .
No wine got on either of us , and we were very understanding - mistakes happen .
The salad was an amazing presentation in itself and it tasted great , too ! ! ! !
Bad : The wait was ludicrous .
We were pleasantly surprised after the huge headache of being there .
We were seated against the window facing the street , so I like our location of seating - out of the traffic area .
We split a medium size and had to be rolled out we were so stuffed .
The tots were ok .
Really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere .
We had the French onion soup & that was really good ( crazy overpriced ) .
We decided to try this place out since it was a new Pho place close to our house .
Some peeps like it , but there were several of us not really feeling it , so it 's a toss up .
There was so little meat and it was dry and rubbery .
We reserved a room and it was so fun !
I picked a chocolate chip cookie , a crumble bar , a lemon bar and a piece of berry bread pudding .
Its a huge bonus in my book !
Went in for the soft opening and we walked away very impressed .
Wtf happened to this place ?
We also loved the atmosphere and that it was incredibly dog friendly .
The tour guide did an excellent job narrating the trip , and the workers were all very polite and helpful .
I wo n't go back and wo n't recommend the place to anyone else .
( my mother had a business and we know this brand- cheap for businesses to purchase )
We sat down about 8:30 to eat so not extremely late in my eyes .
We ordered banh mi and boba tea , and sat down waiting for our food to be brought to us .
When I expressed my disappointment to the waiter , she sent Nanu , the manager over to speak with me .
He even agreed to take my bro on a quick tour of the kitchen .
I do n't know what the " Steak " was , but the damn wrap was out of my hands in a matter of minutes - so that says something !
The pizza looked and smelled amazing .
The strip mall where it 's located is pretty depressing .
We sat down and the waitress seemed friendly .
Everyone in our party enjoyed their selections also .
The first time I went we were the only ones outside ( it looked like it was going to rain ...
Too bad i do nt live on the north side a little closer to this place .
Here 's how the conversation started ( entirely in Mandarin )
We finally received our dinner orders at 8:00 PM ( almost 2 whole hours of being there ) .
They did an awesome job decorating and I was really impressed how well this place was put together ! ! !
My family 's favorite Chinese Restaurant .
We had dinner last night at Masami in Drexel Hill .
The mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes were swimming in it .
The gnocchi 's were hard and bland .
Honestly , we sat there patiently and only asked once nicely where we were in the wait .
The rooms were pretty cheap compared to other hotels and they were very clean !
Did I mention the food was EXCELLENT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
To be quite honest it 's the chief annoyance of my morning .
My favorites of the night were the ceviche appetizer , the pink lady and the albacore .
The server was nice and attentive .
As we waited for our clams to come out , the server came to notify us that they were out of clams ( thirty minutes later btw ) .
My porkchop was incredibly moist and tender .
I ordered the puttanesca .
It looked like there was a long wait but we were able to seated right away .
The waiters and host were very polite and nice .
My first love , my only love .
Chicken pho was pretty delicious .
By the time I snapped the picture the rest of the family was already devouring their plates .
My favorite location is the one down in terwillegar - least favorite is probably jasper .
The atmosphere was very relaxing , and fun .
We knew Jackie and Lou professionally and from the restaurant school .
( No , doctor , I swear , all I had to drink was heart healthy ginger .... )
We were not convinced we were going to stay for dinner until the last bite of the quail changed our minds .
Thank you guys for making our night memorable .
Fate was on our side - there was a parking spot right in front .
2 big fat thumbs down .
This place was recommended to me by one of the hotel staff .
The waitress greets us and asks how we 're doing and I return the question .
When greeted at the door we were escorted to the bar where there was ample seating .
I ordered it med / rare when it came out it was more on the done side almost well done .
She brought our drinks out and took our orders .
Our waiter recommended the aged ribeye steak--"best steak ever . "
So I just asked at the counter and the filled out my card for me- no problem .
Unlike Gianfranco 's Pizza Rustica when Mumbai Bistro makes a mistake they fix it and unlike Gianfranco 's Pizza Rustica .......
The worst part ?
I wanted to kill myself-- their chicken banh mi is my favorite and when I went to another place it just tasted like cat food . "
First came out a bowl of chicken broth for each of us .
We took a couple of pies home and they were delicious .
The staff was attentive and very helpful and our food came out much quicker than I expected .
the turtle soup was disgusting ...
I yelped ' Lunch ' and Ippolito 's Seafood was the 2nd option with only ONE dollar sign .
The potato salad was warm , we were afraid to eat it .
I said bro , no one is here .
They did n't make any effort to engage with us .
We ordered our wedding cake from them and everyone agreed that the cake was unbelievably delicious .
This sounded condescending , particularly since I had n't shared any sweet fry fetish with him .
The chicken was the juiciest most succulent meat I 've ever tasted .
We visited our local favorite Burger Up ( in the 12 South area ) on Saturday 01.30.16 around 1 pm Central .
I truly enjoyed this spot .
The waiter was professional and polite .
tonight was first time we ate there we ordered out last time we left happy just like when we got there and we were full ! ! ! !
We 'd never been there before and when the fish dish came , we took a few bites before realizing it was pieces of pork belly .
The entire experience was underwhelming from start to finish .
I will say all the staff I spoke to were very polite , kind and attentive .
the food was delicious , atmosphere nice and all of us were pleased .
The fish was fresh and perfectly seasoned .
I ca n't speak to any of the food or other coffee options .
Delivery guy also got lost on the way to my house , which is literally two miles straight up Hillsborough Ave .
It was a bizarre combination like nothing I 've ever had before .
The place filled up very quickly .
It was our first visit and we loved it !
We sat in the main dining room and it was a lively atmosphere , so that made it even better .
Cute place right by the beach .
We came here based on the recommendation we received and from the street it does n't look like much .
The entire experience was just not memorable .
I very nicely handed the menu back to her and turned and left the restaurant ! ! ! ! !
We had a group of 10 that sat for about 6 mins before anyone ever approached our table .
They were really overdone - woefully overdone .
The worst part is the fact that the young , entitled snotty teens that come in there are absolutely vile .
Desert : Creme brulee - delicious !
Sorry for the brevity of this post , I typed it on my iPhone .
Chopsticks were made out of red plastic , and the napkin was just paper , not cloth .
Josef 's did our wedding cake , it was absolutely incredible ! ! ! !
Shannon was our server and she was wonderful , very friendly .
We were there for a group birthday ( as well ) and it was wonderful .
I had the crab omelette and Julianna the breakfast grits .
I was laughed at like it was a joke .
The place looked very clean but we waited a bit at the register before being acknowledged .
Other plates on the table were the Canelli ' Special .
They really made our night and we ca n't wait to return .
The waitress apologized , but it was still a bit frustrating .
Everyone we came in contact with was very nice and beers were refilled quickly ... which is always a good thing .
We visited Tampa Bay recently and due to the reviews on multiple websites we decided to stay at the Grand Hyatt .
The cheesecake was ridiculously tiny and the coffee tasted like dirt .
Excited because I was starving then upon opening it looked so dryyyy tasted dry , outside was crunchy .
The best part of the meal was the margarita .
It was warm inside and things were cozy .
The food was all fabulous .
The bartender(s ) were very friendly .
It was quite obnoxious , but it was tolerable ... only because of the food !
The main difference in the rooms was the Nugget had a larger bathroom .
I was actually a little concerned when my cousin drove me over here but , I love homey places such as this .
When we arrived it was super busy , to the extent that it was hard to get in the door .
He had an attitude and made It seem as if our request was bothersome .
Its cheap and absolutely delicious , from the very soft and warm pita bread to the tender lamb or chicken .
The seafood was fresh and perfectly cooked .
Service was very friendly and attentive .
The food was superb .
Oh and did I mention their milkshakes are incredibleeee !
* The store is clean from my point of view .
Ca n't put in words how damn good it is .
When we arrived the place was almost empty .
Nor your beloved " cheese " ( Provel ) .
If you 're having a bad day , just go to the bar and ask for Kate -- she 'll make sure you 're trip to ML is too notch .
She never checked on us and the check took forever ..... but sadly it was a Sunday and it was quiet .
The food was so disgustingly greasy that the brown bag they gave us broke .
The food was amazing ! !
3 scallops and 3 shrimp .
It was one of the greatest things I 've ever had .
The food was delicious and hearty ! !
I was n't expecting to but I really liked this place .
Our bartenders remained attentive the whole time we sat there ringing up a $ 130 tab .
Meh , expensive and uncomfortable seating .
The cook in the back looked in our direction and laughed .
Hunter apologized and assured me we would have issues resolved .
servers were very French and polite .
We were seated at a table backing up to the bar , which was n't ideal but we dealt with it .
Throughout the meal , I kept looking over at the table next to us , who had ordered sushi .
Chris the owner is very nice , as is every member of the wait staff we 've met , particularly Eric and Jennifer .
The sweet tots were delicious .
The meat was cooked perfectly - very juicy and messy !
this place took forever to get our food .
It was very tough and not tender ( quite a few pieces were burnt & inedible ) .
The place was completely empty while we were there , but the space was well decorated and very open .
Called again a couple minutes later they answered .
When we told the woman about the steak ordeal she actually said " that 's our rare " ......
Tender pieces of crab ..
My friend then walked down to security , they had n't found it .
Second , the food ... holy moly was it good !
He was such a treat I asked to see the manager just to let him know how pleased I was .
The sandwiches were amazing .
We both had wine and coffee -- our total bill was $ 53 -- so not bad at all .
The food was bland , however , it was fresh .
We planned on sitting outside to play games , but ended up relaxing all night just talking .
It seemed like we had to wait an awfully long time for the beignet to come out .
I was very disappointed in my visit on Mother 's Day .
:] Hope you guys enjoy !
It was so good and spicy my mouth is watering right this moment .
he acted like we were doing him a favor by even coming to the table .
The busser thought we had left and took out our full bottle of wine !
To my most happy surprise , it was garlic cheese bread .
This was an odd explanation , and we sent the clams back of course .
The steak was incredible and huge .
Perfect spot to go to cause its just a couple blocks walk .
The waiter was very arrogant .
It was very tough on the outside and steaming hot on the inside .
We had the cauliflower " risotto " , grilled octopus and a margarita pizza .... all of it was delicious .
It 's a tight spot and a little loud but you wo n't care because the food is sooo good .
My mouth is watering just thinking about it .
It was really hot at first , but once you cracked open the shell and let it cool down , it was easier to eat .
I had the au - gratin on the side , he had the baked potato .
The food was fresh and delicious .
We decided to sit in the courtyard , which had a lovely ambiance .
The server was very nice and accommodating .
It took 25 minutes to get our food , which was cold by the time we got it .
First time at this place and it did n't disappointed .
The hostess explained that if we chose to eat outside if it rained there would be no guarantee we could be moved indoors .
This place is tied with Pi for my favorite pizza in St.
The facilities were good and very accomodating .
This is the best Pasta House location I 've been to in St.
Holy smokes it was delicious !
The yam fries were so hot I burned my mouth .
Server walks out from the kitchen and immediately goes to the twosome that came in after us .
We also got a half order of the grilled artichoke hearts , which were very well cooked .
It was a beautiful day and we had a wonderful experience .
It was great service , the waiters were all very attentive .
But its hard to see if you do n't know the area .
I wanted to check it out today , I 've only ever been in one Kimberton Whole Foods and that was in Kimberton .
It is my favorite place .
My wife and I went out to dinner here Saturday night and found this wonderful place .
Bryan also slipped his business card in there , which I thought was very professional and sincere .
It all depends on the night .
The service was very good and attentive .
Sadly , Terra Sur is too far from where we live but it 's a great place to visit when we are in the area .
LOCATION : it 's next to Honeybaked Ham and across the movie theater plaza on US 19 in Pinellas Park .
I knew I had a bad feeling the second I walked in .
We let the waitress at the bar know that we wanted to move to the next available table and she said sure , no issue .
When you come in in the movie theater there is a horrible smell ..
Thanks to yelp for helping us find this place !
I picked up a double cheeseburger and a cup of fries .
This is some of the rudest , most unprofessional service I have ever seen .
We looked over to the right and noticed a glass door that opened into a bar where people were obviously smoking .
It was a Friday evening , and we were quoted a 45 minute wait , and , luckily for us , we were seated within 20 minutes .
We stayed in Clearwater and it was well worth the 30 minutes trip .
I took a peek into the actual tavern , which was pretty cool looking .
We were seated right away and our waiter arrived quickly .
It was about 9 AM when we arrived , so they were n't full ... but were much more busy when we left .
We decided to change our Sunday brunch plans at the last minute and we were so glad we did !
I shared it with my father , who took one bite and called it the most destructive thing he ever had .
We shared the volcano nachos and they were pretty tasty .
Being a group of 4 we went ahead and went in and were given a wait time of 1 hour and 30 minutes .
I thought that was kind of cheesy as I 've never seen that at other buffets we 've been to .
The Whitman sandwich was delicious .
To our surprise our server brought dessert on the house , since we had never dined there before , it was such a nice touch !
We received our alcohol very quick given that we sat in the bar ..... that was all we got from service .
The lady who took my order was really nice , but the lines leading up to the register can be quite confusing .
Hostess did n't say a word , I do n't know my server 's name , and it took too long to get our check .
Our server brought out three spoons for us to share .
Our other entree was cashew chicken .
We were within walking distance of everywhere we wanted to go .
We did n't eat there , but it was relatively clean and seemed like the food was OK too .
The time between getting our drinks , taking our order , and getting our food was pretty long .
Our group very much enjoyed our meal .
We got our food home and devoured it .
We ordered the smoked trout , the venison hot dogs , the mini monte cristo sandwiches , and the french fries .
My bf finished the crawfish and then the oysters came out last , a little weird , but at least everything was really good .
As we stood there waiting for her to grab the menus I could n't help but to notice a strong dirty mop water stench .
Restaurant was very clean .
The pizza was very good .
I asked 3 times .
I did n't say anything , we just got the check and left .
We stopped by the Cafe to have lunch before exploring the exhibits .
I arrived with my fiancé and the place was full so we were asked to wait by the entrance .
It was hard to tell my veggie slider from my aunt 's fish sandwich digging in the bag in the car .
First place I ate in the area and it was sooo good .
The actual taco shell was really nice , almost a little fluffy and the sauce that came with it was hot ; I liked it .
P.S bring your cash cow .
We decided to wait around by the bar .
She said they do n't have a microwave ... maybe yes , maybe no .
So we sat at the bar .
Very happy , thanks
It did n't taste too gamey and the meat fell right off the bone ... mm , perfection .
We left a nice , appreciative tip .
We were the only ones waiting for food .
I m here from Atlanta for work and this was so amazing ! ! ! !
Food : we ordered two pizzas -- Margherita con Bufala & Genovese .
He also offered us three pastries for free ( which were delicious ) .
The food was amazing , and delicious .
Our entrees were all cooked to perfection and very tasty .
The weekend hostess ( We are usually there on the weekend ) Lauren greets everyone by name and is so gracious .
We were welcomed with friendly smiles .
I snagged a bite of my mom 's Chicken Pad Thai and it was pretty yummy .
It felt like each plate was made with love .
The fetuchinne con mare e monti was also delish as well .
Upon arrival we headed to the bar to wait for the rest of our group to arrive .
For the life of us , we could NOT remember the name or location .
The manager took us to our table , again no apology- just explained that this happens a lot .
Fortunately , they did , and we experienced great service the whole night .
Went over to pick up food 20
My heart is so lucky we do not live in the neighborhood .
I m new to the area and I am so happy that we found Jersey Java & Tea .
It was a hot evening and we were n't sure how hungry we were .
Only thing is the chicken breast did n't have any skin on it tho , not sure why .
The meat was so tender it was ridiculous .
Well , it was the worst spider roll I have ever had .
It was such a great way to end our evening .
It was the best dish of the night !
I believe her name was Tracy .
It was pretty dark inside , though the ambiance and atmosphere were nice and comfortable .
It was an absolute s@&$ show .
My cousin and I shared Collard Green Wraps , Sol Chickn Dinner and Bourbon Chickn Dinner .
My friend and I took a taxi from DT to the restaurant when it opened .
We both really liked it a lot ! ! ! ! !
We frequent this place and I 'm sure that wo n't change anytime soon !
It was n't bad by any means -- it just was n't what she expected .
As soon as we walked in we were greeted by an energetic , friendly woman ( Lilly herself ? ) .
We made reservations for New Years Eve and I have to say that we were both very disappointed .
Really the only disappointment .
They did comp us on the dessert , which was very nice considering the wait .
I ordered the Luke burger and she ordered the coque Madame .
We ate , paid our check , and got ready to leave .
I ordered the fish special , halibut .
We sat ourselves near the window to do some people and streetcar watching .
The owner Mr Tran came out and talk to us to see how everything was .
We were told we should be fine and , in fact , there were a few tables open when we arrived around 4 pm .
I met a friend at the nearby mall , and we decided to have a late lunch .
My fiancé and I went to Spraga last night .. needless to say it was our first and last time dining at this establishment .
My wife and I were astounded by how quickly our food came out !
Everything is neat , orderly , in place and confortable .
The food came out slow and we were starving .
It 's too small and tight that s its very uncomfortable to enjoy dinner .
I ordered the chicken bento box .
The drinks were delicious .
The whole atmosphere was gorgeous , personable and clearly driven by passion .
Just an excellent experience ! !
My girlfriend and I went to Edley 's Bar - B - Que Today , 8/28/13 , and it was phenomenal !
It was all just very satisfying ; a nice hearty , savory meal .
I asked the bartender which she thought was better .
My only complaint was parking was a little cramped , but we figured it out and it was worth it .
Really do not think a free desert was the best choice of action in this case
But , all of the actual food was delicious .
I think it was a surprisingly busy day downtown .
The bread was amazing .
The cypress salad was amazing I had the fetticini bolognese which was also fantastic .
Within 10 minutes of my contacting the front desk about the situation , a staff member was there .
Its close to their schools so they had a nice dinner out .
I should have known it was going to happen as the server asked us to cut into our steak while she waited .
The edges were a bit dry but the inside was luscious and melted in my mouth .
There were only four pieces of fried tofu .
They warmed it up and the sugar at the top caramelized to add a bit of a crunch !
The french toast was delicious !
She was very knowledgeable about wine and made our experience very fun .
We walked out , and as we were leaving NOT ONE PERSON ASKED US WHY WE WERE LEAVING WITHOUT PAYING .
We sat at the sushi bar right by the AC thermostat .
He had to be careful w every bite .
We were seated without a problem .
First time here so I was surprised when I was told " We 're here " .
Both portions were very large and delicious .
It sounded and felt as snarky / dismissive / disrespectful / unhelpful as it reads .
Other people that came in after us were being helped .
The food was a little up and down .
I grabbed breakfast with a friend early one Saturday morning and Henry 's was such a delightful little nook .
Lunch here was such a lovely experience !
As did I.
They kept us waiting and waiting with our three kids without telling us anything .
never told us her name ... never brought us bread ....
The nachos were a delicious and ferocious gift to my soul .
There was only one other table occupied , so it 's not like she was busy .
For what i got and what i paid ( $ 13 ) it was not only a rip off but an insult .
I did n't want to complain publicaly because that 's rude .
The waiter would awkwardly come to the table and just stand there ..
He explained the menu very well and made us feel as family !
Very disappointed when the hostess informed us that the credit card machine was down AFTER we recieved the check .
In fact , I felt a little rushed .
We were seated promptly and the service was great .
I took my first bite and was so disappointed .
Also it was a bit salty - I did not feel it when I ate it but was kind of thirsty afterwards ...
We had Melanie and Abigail helping us and they were total sweethearts !
My wife and I really enjoyed our dinner at Sbraga .
we called the front desk to ask that our room be tidied up , but when we returned the room had not been touched .
I felt ripped off and like the description on the menu was very misleading .
It was one of the highlights of our few days in New Orleans .
The atmosphere was just plain bizarre !
Because of the rain and humidity we decided to sit inside .
I bit into my taco and thought it tasted weird , then looked and discovered that the chicken was dark meat with skin on it .
They made non - carbonated lemonade for us and it was SUPER YUMMY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
So we called back and explained the situation and they promised to send the remake out RIGHT AWAY .
( That 's a good thing )
The casserole was more like a risotto , which I thought was a fun play on the word .
Once we got in , we ordered and waited patiently for our food .
Everything in the room is beautiful including a lot of the staff , ( i m trying to give you the full picture here ) .
What a great spot ! !
It was a terrible experience all because sam did nt write any of the three seperate orders down that he took at the same time .
He had the she crab soup and I had lobster bisque .
The hostess was quick to greet us and super friendly .
The pizza dough was very tasty !
He had an attitude all night even though he knew we were NOT in the mood for it due to the extreme waiting .
The staff at Home Wine Kitchen made our visit pleasant , acting casual yet professional during our meal .
I asked the server her favorite and she said well we do n't have any wings .
The house pesto underneath was absolutely delicious !
A good 20 minutes later I was able to flag them down , and we finally got more to drink .
No one complained but no one was raving either .
We said no because we were going in the back , but no tables .
We also shared the French toast and the chopped chicken salad .
It was late at night and some other places nearby were closed .
All I can say is that it was the absolute WORST experience I have ever had .
We sat down and it took awhile for our waiter to make his way to us .
Everything was covered so it was n't like our server got drenched coming to our table .
The views are amazing from the restaurant ( there are huge windows facing the water so it does n't really matter where you sit ) .
The restaurant was clean and the waitress was very attentive and friendly .
The only thing more disgusting than the waiter 's scabbed up hands was the food .
We were there for lunch , so we got to sit in the room with the big window and HUGE fireplace .
Our waitress was very attentive and congenial .
We were pleasantly surprised by our first visit .
The plantains were fresh and delicious .
We had chosen to leave PBR to Calicoes because I like the place ? ! ?
We ended our meal with the bananas foster .
The syrup was nice and sweet .
The staff is very friendly , even when we arrived 30 minutes before it closed ( sorry about that ! ) Highly recommend :)
i went here last night and it was gross .
The greeter wanted to give us a seat by the entrance .
Was so disappointed at Frank 's yesterday when we found they were out of all fish !
We both wanted to lick the plate , it was so good .
The service was quick and polite .
Ok , the dinner was terrible .
The food was fabulous and close to home .
It really rubbed me the wrong way .
Glad we came !
Our whole family got together as a group and went there and everyone liked their food .
Honestly horrible establishment .
The manager came over to make sure all was well , and Fay , our waitress could not have been better .
We ate here the first night of our trip and it was delicious !
The basil was awesome .
We went in on a Thursday evening and the restaurant was nearly empty , which should have probably been our first clue .
Sloan was our waitress and advised us from beers , wine all the way to our full meal .
The waitress I had was extremely rude .
It took a few minutes for the server to even notice I was there and they were n't busy .
My fiance and I ate here recently , and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised .
First time having a St.
Our server , Nick , was friendly , attentive and knew the menu well giving us spot on recommendations .
That was hands down my favorite thing to eat on the menu and it reminded me of being in Key West at Margaritaville .
It 's no wonder Jose Garces is so well renowned .
Overall Ok restaurant .
While the booths felt big and open they also were not very private .
The bag boy was hanging on the coke cooler door when I went to the register .
Just walking by it made my mouth water !
It 's a standard friendly affair I guess .
All of our dirty plates stayed with us till the end .
We both had to take boxes back to the hotel because the portions were so large .
This location is the nicest Pollo Tropical I have ever been to .
We ordered our food around 7'ish .
The food was really good ! ! !
There were so many different levels and dining rooms that when we sat ourselves it took entirely too long to be noticed .
There were maybe at most 4 other tables besides us there .
The rest of the apps we had were dynamite .
He replies with " oh you know the kitchen gets slammed , things happen " our jaws nearly hit the floor .
I 'm sad it took so long for me to discover this place .
Coming from Chicago , my favorite place near the UIC Campus was Thai Bowl on Taylor St.
BTW , the cabreria was fantastic .
David was our server and he made the whole evening .
By the time we were seated we got to watch everyone else around us order and get their food and then finish it .
Very attentive and went though the entire menu .
My husband and I were seated promptly on a Friday night on a cool summer evening in early August .
Spacey as fck , dosent pay attention , and ca n't take an order .
The table where we were seated was on the corner of the restaurant and I ended up with the sun full in my face .
Our hostess ( one of the owners ) explained everything to us and was so sweet .
I do n't think it 's better than a number of other restaurants - Cavan , La Petite Grocery , Lillette , Cochon , etc .
We were down the road at Diggerland and a local friend told us of this place .
A friend recommended this place and it was incredible .
The wedge was huge ! !
It was also the worst donut I ever had mostly because it was as hard as a rock .
No other comments on the meatballs .
We ordered the boudin noir .
TIP : Do not park in the French Market lot behind Cafe du Monde .
A happy stomach is what we walked out with :)
Felt it was expensive considering the tiny size .
The chicken had a nice surprising heat .
After placing my order I was told to wait to the side , but the food took a while to come out .
The eggs were incredible !
Between my giggles , I told her " yes " .
My friend said she had been in the place many times and she had never been treated like this .
There was Island music playing , and our server was incredibly friendly and attentive .
She even stayed there for a moment to make sure that I knew what I was doing .
The curry chicken I had was a bit disappointing .
Al and company are friendly and attentive .
The we were told the specials .
Ours definitely did n't look like a lot of the pictures that were posted on Yelp .
The food was authentic and the staff very friendly and attentive .
This was an outstanding experience .
We ended up leaving Sunday and decided to come back the next day when there were no lines .
He then waited for her by our table and handed her the tip and smiled .
The servers were extremely polite and kind .
So it 's just a mixed bag .
It 's our favorite coffee spot in the city .
After we ordered , we were told to have a seat and our food would be brought out to us .
On 3/5 ( big snow day in Nashville ) a couple of friends and I went to Local Taco in Sylvan Park for dinner .
Nutshell : Nothing fancy .
Our server was very nice .
The only thing that was really nice about the stay was the food at BREAKFAST food at Cafe Bellini inside the hotel .
The one server that they had on staff that night was very rushed and I felt rather bad for her .
Sad to have to wash my hands .
Had never been to Dewey 's before but decided to go with a friend who was a big fan of their location in Cincinnati !
I ordered the chicken piccata and my husband ordered the chicken caprese .
The rep was knowledgeable and friendly and gave instructions on how to find our room .
The cooks are all out in the open so we watched them after we ordered our food .
We had a wonderful time .
We had the man'oushe with za'atar and cheese which was one of the staff 's favorite as well .
The food was really tasty .
After we left , each one of us realized that our legs were cramped and sore from trying to squeeze into that tight spot .
The restaurant was very nicely decorated , and clean .
I 'll just say again , walking up towards the hostess as she watches you approach just feels .... weird .
It was both our first time coming here , and overall everything was great .
Within walking distance of our hotel .
There was a line the whole time we were there which is a good sign .
He continued to speak down to her instead of just apologizing to the point that it made her emotionally upset .
Good atmosphere when we came in and the food inside the glass shelves seemed delicious !
Truly enjoyable moment !
The service was great and attentive .
The beers , as always , were delicious !
Instantly , the bartender greeted us with pleasant small talk and made us feel 100 % welcome .
This restaurant was a spare of the moment find and we truly lucked out !
Having eaten the the soup and the short ribs , I was very full and warm all over .
Sad their prices went up .
We had heard great things .
I could n't help myself when the little cast iron dish holding the creamed corn made it to the table .
she thoroughly enjoyed the meal .
Sam was our server and he did a wonderful job of taking care of us .
I ate the spicy tuna and California rolls .
She hands the phone to the manager .
The duck was wayyyyyy oversalted .
When we finely stepped up to the counter the employee was unable to address my questions about the menu .
We waited a few minutes longer and still no acknowledgment , no wine glasses - nothing !
The food was ok ...
Tiny little place a few blocks from State St.
He explained everything in an upbeat fashion and his recommendations were stellar .
The red velvet cake was also wonderful .
But it was a crying shame that I did n't have the grits .
Surprisingly , there was no customers around 11:15am so we were able to come in and sit down inside right away .
The only reason I went here is because it is across the street from where I live .
So I had to do some rearranging and there really was n't much space on the tiny table we were seated to do that .
Ellie was our server and could n't have been nicer .
The drinks came out ( a Pepsi and iced tea ) fairly quickly .
We made reservations , but it really was n't necessary as it was pretty empty ...
It took a really long time to get our food .
When we walked in it took awhile for anyone to come over to greet and seat us and there was hardly anyone In the restaurant .
They just off our bowling lanes 40 minutes before our time was up and when we said something we just got a phony sorry .
We just missed lunch so the only thing available to us was appetizers , salads , and soups .
I did n't think anything of it until I got in my car and started chowing down .
We both ordered the burritos , my husband had chicken , I had the beef .
That 's a bit nasty .
Really liked this place .
while my boyfriend 's immediate reaction was ' it seems like an upscale Denny 's ... '
They were very good and highly recommended by our server .
There was no line at the door so we walked in and sat on the bar side , after being greeted by a rather confused hostess .
We said we would stop at the next place we saw so here it is .
The little bun -- meh , take it or leave it .
Everything was done to perfection .
But it 's not too dissimilar from the rest of St.
He seemed very upset about his job .
However , the GM was very attentive and definitely treated all the guests with respect .
The managers also stopped by our table since it was my friends birthday .
The service was nice and attentive .
The $ 8 sandwich was awesome , too .
What really surprised me was how big the portion was .
Apple and goat cheese pie .
My husband and I were invited here by a friend .
The replacement waiter , Quentin was the real deal - he was knowledgeable , attentive and kind .
The food came out pretty quick .
The only thing worse than the food was the conversation going on with the employees about someone 's " bloody bowel movement " !
The waitress was generally nowhere to be seen , or in a place behind the coffee bar where we could n't get her attention .
The accompanying queso was delicious , but there was only one small ramekin , so we ate most of the pretzel plain .
When he finally spoke to us , he blamed us and said we did n't pick up the phone and that he left a voicemail .
After 45 minutes , we went to the front and asked for our original order to go .
Also , the food came out ice - cold .
I chose to dine at Ralph 's for my birthday dinner and I am so glad I did !
We shared a bunch of appetizers and two pizzas and everything was rather tasty .
These were the best of my life .
I mentioned my concern to the waitress , but the staff treated me like I should 've known better .
The patio ai n't great .
I think this was where I really noticed the savory - delicious taste of Eclipse Pizza 's Red sauce and their salads .
We had no idea how much we liked sushi until we discovered An 's .
Your food is n't being cooked ! "
The ladies room was filthy and there was no toilet paper in any of the stalls .
We usually just buy a tri - tip sandwich outside but today we sat indoors and we were not disappointed .
very fatty pork made me gag a bit
The table next to us even commented on her attitude .
The service was spectacular .
All of the fish was super fresh .
There was no wait .
Host came over , apologized and got our drinks .
It seemed to be white meat that was shredded .
The guacamole was pleasantly spicy .
I had the meatloaf , and Mama had the chicken livers .
When our pie ( the veggie ) came out we jumped with joy because it was exactly what we were used to receiving in Chicago .
There 's nothing really special about this place .
Upon walking into the restaurant , I stood by the counter / register and waited for someone to come to the front .
Again , did n't feel rushed at all which was prefect because we were watching the phillies game so stayed awhile after our meal .
So that 's my only negative part about this place .
Did n't order any food .
The restaurant was dark ; they did n't have all of the lights turned on .
Horrible Horrible ... I was super disappointed after wanting to visit there for a while .
It took more than an hour to get our food and the place was only half full ! ! !
It was very crowded , since we went on a Friday night , but we asked to sit outside and got seated immediately .
Our room had a huge bed that was super comfy .
Our waiter came and quickly took our orders.the atmosphere was great , it was not busy at all .
We ordered the Caprese panini and two iced coffees .
The server , Mike was not attentive at all .
Our server was overly pushy about me ordering something else to go with it because " I was going to have to pay for it anyway " .
He brought us a basket of bread and when we unwrapped the bread , steam came out .
The bread was perfection and there was a huge slice of tomato in the middle two different types of cheese .
My favorite courses : the black COD and the EEL !
We thought the restaurant atmosphere and decorrating was very warm and relaxing .
We saw other tables eating raw oysters but when we went up to grab some there were none .
I called my grandma immediately afterward and told her that she needed to sue the place for stealing her turkey recipe .
All of the fruit was fresh and it was music to my mouth
I returned to Cafe Primo again today and the whole experience did not disappoint , as it
I was shocked at how bad the pizza was .
There was absolutely no flavor .
She went for the Nutty Chicken Salad wrap and I had the Turkey Reuben .
Place was incredibly delicious and fresh and comfy !
Even the house wine was very smooth .
There were 3 of us and we all were so excited since it 's our first time here .
The nachos were freaking huge !
We sat in the side room which had waiter service .
Except we did n't make it out of there once we got our food because it smelled so damn delicious .
Our server seemed inexperienced but was very nice and attentive .
We went to a table inside .
She took the check back to fix and stated she would be right back , she had someone else bring us our corrected check .
I opted for the baked lasagna and hubby went for the manicotti .
She said the closest thing was Five Guys , and she was right !
The staff was very attentive and willing to answer all questions , even those regarding the movie posters on the walls .
Best part - the smoking patio .
The wings were ok .
Our server was prompt , attentive and friendly .
This place is tucked away and once you walk in , it 's like you 've stepped into a Korean home .
Honestly , our meal could have ended there .
I of course had no cash but they were extremely accommodating with that as well .
I 'm pretty sure our server 's name was Michelle .
The smell was very strong , and overwhelming .
What tickled me to death was the fact that there was white chocolate in the rabbit and dumplings .
Very unhappy with the treatment we received today .
Went to dinner here the other night , and everything was perfect ! !
This was the strangest , most bizarre place I 've ever visited .
When we arrived , she had no idea and no one had complaints ( esp for such a small restaurant ) .
We ordered our meals .
Just had breakfast there and its good not great .
I did n't order any food but it looked amazing !
She had the truffle tots and i had the regular tots .
When our food arrived I was astonished to find out that my risotto was cold in the middle .
By the time we got it , it was too dark to even see my food .
Our service was excellent .
The turtle soup was just so good , it was comforting and delicious .
She had pancakes and I had the eggs Benedict .
There was so much meat !
As a result we did not get to Kelly 's until 3:00 PM .
The food however was ..... ABSOLUTELY delicious ! ! !
George was outstanding as our waiter , top notch ! !
The spring roll was delicious .
The staff in the back were yelling and fighting .
Instead , there was chopped up and shredded bits of greasy bacon permeating the entire dish .
We were full and skipped dessert , but overall , it was a marvelous experience .
We had been lured in by the menu spread open on said sidewalk table - specifically , the coconut hush puppies and mezze plate .
The bf ordered orange juice - it was watered down , obviously so .
The crust was thick and flavorful .
Took 45 minutes to get the order .
We sat at the counter and before we even sat down , the proprietor was at our elbow asking what we would like to drink .
Our waitress , Michelle , was incredibly welcoming and helpful .
The lady who waited on us was kind & was n't impatient since it took me awhile to decide what to get .
I had the filet and she had the salmon .
They spread the good stuff out over top of most of the crust which was awesome .
Great location , right down the street from Rosalita 's .
It seemed as though there was no order to anything .
The wait time on St.
I am beyond sick to my stomach ( literally ) as I type this and so are my 3 friends that went there with me tonight .
our waiter , Stephen , was friendly and helpful with our menu questions .
I was actually reading a menu from nortons in the same plaza when they finally came out .
We sat next to a lady who overheard us & agreed ... this place is LOST .
My date and I came here for dessert only and were really happy we stopped by .
There were no complaints about any of the food .
He personally came , shook our hands and thanked us for coming back a second night in a row and offered us a special dessert .
The food was so good ! ! !
We are grateful to our server , Colin , for recommending them our first night .
There were only 4 tables in the entire place ....
We ordered the fried oyster and the catfish platter and sincerely speaking it was terrible .
He liked it alot .
The room we had was huge .
There were plenty of open spots but it just appeared as though there was lots of trash left behind .
We enjoyed the bacon sampler , which was amazing .
We ordered " family style " and enjoyed every single bite .
The food and desserts were amazing .
Sitting there waiting for my food I could nt help but admire the setting .
We were actually supposed to head in for dinner but just could n't leave the beauty of that garden .
I know that is the nature of cheddar , but watching oil drip out of your sandwich is not appetizing .
We had the best of the best experience today ! !
Arancini appetizer and meatballs .
The bartender was a bit slow to take our order , but it was unexpectedly crowded for a Tuesday night , so that was excusable .
We had heard great things about it from other hotel guests and also my parents and my brother who had been on past trips .
The waitress was nice and asked if we needed to speak to the manager .
Person that rang us in was friendly and helpful .
My sister lives in Texas and I live in California .
We ordered drinks and about 15 minutes later , we received them .
The complimentary breakfast was awesome .
Just looked online at the menu , asked a couple of questions when I called in my order , and 20min later , voila !
We wo n't be coming back which is a shame because that location has such potential
The only reason we did n't go there is b / c it was out of the way from where we were going .
She was attentive on refilling our drinks , and she seemed happy .
Chicken I received was pretty fatty , very unappetizing .
Paula was incredibly nice , checked in with us and even remembered our names .
The decor was colorful .
It 's a small little place with a lot of classic Italian dishes , some sandwiches and St.
After we ate we had an equally hard time to even get out .
The food was very average .
Our friend had the Roast Beef Dinner .
The milkshakes were so tasty .
server " We were just standing over there discussing whether or not someone had gotten your table yet .
The wait staff were nice ; however , inattentive .
The " potatoes " were gross , she even had me try them to confirm it was n't her , yuck !
There was only two tables with people when we got there so why we had to special request water I have no idea .
We all could n't get our hands off it and fought for the last morsel !
The owners were onsite and took the time to ask us about our meal , which was wonderful .
My parents and I came here for lunch the other day .
She dropped the drinks off and said she would be right with us .
I ate each half like it was an amuse bouche .
Three hours after arriving , we left totally sated and feeling like we had just experienced something really special .
I finished the entire soup myself , to the waiter 's surprise and my own !
Jus found out about this place and I 'm super happy I did !
I suggested the bistec a la chorillana .
She helped us an directed us to another person which we basically had to stop to take our order .
Nothing was filled up ( sauce cups , napkins , silverware ) .
The restaurant was very clean , and so was the restroom ( the first place I head when dining in an unfamiliar place .
In fact , no one at our table finished their food .
The other employees were n't great .
There were the freshest yellow tomatoes on top .
The chicken strips and fries were dry .
The service was excellent and was key to the enjoyment of the whole experience .
We called ahead and they reserved the only round table in the restaurant for us with no problem .
We have eaten at Dolce Vita on several occasions and each time the food was exceptional ! ! !
We finally got to try one of the dumplings that are normally special order only , it was so savory and tasty !
I really enjoyed the sushi it was super fresh and tasty .
It 's thin crust , which is my favorite kind of pizza , as I hate filling up on dough .
This was my first visit to a Giordano 's outside of the Chicago area and it was the same experience you get in Chicago !
Taqueria Pico De Gallo is a little place with fantastic food !
We did n't order desert .
The broth was pretty tasty , but there was no silken tofu in it ( which is my favorite part ) .
Its great to go for a walk on the beach after eating too !
I was scared it was going to be a tourist trap due to the location .
Owner came over and offered to make a table for us .
The meat was super tender .
Lets just say we gave a bad tip .
However , the worst was that we handed the checks to them with our cards in each individual envelope .
We ate there multiple times and had no complaints .
What 's really bad is that they did n't offer to take anything off the bill .
Pork soup dumplings - they were absolutely delicious !
We were a party of 6 & all 6 of us were drinking coffee .
The fruit bowl was huge !
It was so bright in there I felt like all my blemishes and insecurities would be exposed .
Cute hostess that greeted us was very friendly , held the door , and seated us immediately .
She took our appetizer and entree order all at once .
Our waiter was also extremely friendly .
So we walked in and a 45min wait , yeah that 's not happening but there was open seating in the bar , which we took .
It feels like your are entering someone 's home .
We quickly realized the choices were very limited .
Just ordered delivery and it was very good .
We were seated upstairs and liked the ambience of the place .
I felt that the waitresses were rude and acted like it was some kind of sacred privilege to eat at Dmitris .
It was nt a really good experience for me .
The floors were also incredibly slippery and hard to walk on .
It just seemed so silly to eat seafood flown in while sitting next to the ocean .
The guy 's response was that he was grateful for any amount .
After we placed our orders , we were given complimentary French bread and butter .
I really enjoyed our visit to Sushi Rose !
The bad part was the food .
The owner greeted us warmly , and quickly brought everything we needed .
Also , the floor was wet and very slippery .
Here 's the funny thing though , I had no idea where it was , I had never actually driven there .
We rented our gun there and bought the ammo .
We took a menu with us .
The waitress seemed genuinely happy to be working here and was extremely friendly .
We ordered the veg samosa .
Our order was not complex ... we did not ask questions .
The coconut shrimp and hush puppies were definitely overcooked , which was kind of disappointing .
Stayed in the tower and all was pretty nice .
The wait for a table was 30 minutes so we felt lucky and elated to sit at the bar .
the waiter only came over to take our order and bring us our drinks and food .
We both shared the small jerk and curry chicken .
We did n't ask for this courtesy but it was appreciated .
The real deal .
Spur of the moment decision to eat there last night - we dined in .
The kale was delicious .
It was obvious it was a big group , but I mean , he gave no acknowledgement to the fact that I was sitting there waiting !
The ambiance was nice ; it was dark , cozy and pretty darn romantic .
The waitress was so pleasant and friendly we chatted the whole time I was waiting for my order - I must say it was fast ...
The manager even came over and spent some time chatting with us .
Ugh amazinggggg , very savory , unlike any beet dish I 've had before .
Our waiter Wayne was super attentive and friendly .
We both thoroughly enjoyed our well - prepared beautifully - presented meals .
So sorry to see what accident did to your building !
My fiancé got the jambalaya and catfish plate .
I swear it must have been 3 lbs .
It is my new favorite place .
The set - up is really awkward and it 's clear the people running it on Saturday mornings do n't really know what they 're doing .
Two hours later , yes two hours , we had called twice to find out where our order was .
The fish ( salmon , tuna , and whitefish ) was very fresh .
We made sure later he got our big thank you and gracious tip .
Steak frites and Eggs were AMAZING .
We got seated outside and i had no idea that there as a view !
( Price gouge much ? ) The woman at the counter presented us with two options for individual slices : pepperoni and spinach .
I 'm a coffee snob - Peet 's in the Bay Area , Intelligencia in Chicago , Dunn Bros.
Absolutely horrible service ! ! !
Both the basil duck dish as well the kimchee dish were delicious .
Our server did n't write down our order , and of course it was messed up .
Thankfully it was a weekday and it was a bit later in the morning so they sat us within 5 minutes of arriving .
Looking over the menu , I was pretty excited .
It wo n't hit your taste buds hards , but internally , it 's brutal .
The Mom of the place was pretty rude and opinionated .
Al and all the staff are very friendly and the food is delicious .
My mom and I went here for brunch last weekend .
All in all it was a good time !
The fries were n't bad either .
The campechana on the other hand was really really good !
When she finally brought it back my date had finished her meal and I was thoroughly disgusted .
The guy who brought our food out was a little odd , said he did n't know what food was which , that was an experience .
There is parking in the plaza 's private lot and when we stopped by at 8:30 am there was n't a crowd or wait .
I grabbed some lunch with co - workers here and we were all very satisfied with the decision .
It 's a great extension to the restaurant- a secret little hideaway in the middle of downtown .
I could n't tell what it was but i just got a really strange vibe from the restaurant .
The staff was very attentive and pleasant ...
The waiter was loud and awkward .
23 ) and the joint was empty .
Two 8 " pizzas cost the same as one 12 " , and we wanted to try different pizzas ( so what if we lost the 13 sq .
We sat at the bar and met the owner who was very friendly and wine knowledgeable .
Stated " wow that never happens it 's usually bugs or something in it " .
Laura the bar tender was awesome and took care of us all !
Not really knowing what to expect at the Marmont , we took a risk .
All in all , we were very impressed with our experience .
We sat at the sleek bar for a drink before being shown to our table .
I ordered it medium well which I thought was a pretty safe request .
The food was all very good .
I wrote an email to the shop and they never responded which is 100 % proof they do n't give a damn about bad service .
We sat down quickly , but I think it was just lucky timing because for the rest of our meal people were waiting to sit .
Thanks to the owners for making such quality products !
Normally I would n't care , but I went with my girlfriends grandparents and they were miserable .
The string beans tasted of charred water .
I brought this up to our server " savannah " and she played it off !
The full cut of the prime rib was , to quote my boyfriend , " as big as [ his ] head " .
We thought it would be a good trip to go shopping on Magazine St.
I noticed they use Liscio 's rolls ( the Philadelphia standard ) so that is a big bonus .
She quickly told me the hair did not match anyone on duty ( WHO CARES ABOUT THAT ?
Our waitress ( I 've only seen the one ) was very helpful ( she suggested the tacos ) .
Even the next day they are delicious .
My boyfriend and I enjoyed the quaint environment and bright colours of the place .
So we proceeded to sit down , and waited about 5 minutes to be greeted .
We 'd called ahead and made a reservation not knowing if it would be busy or not .
There was a person sitting there and it was determined it was her food .
He seemed suprised that someone would say such a thing , now I feel bad .
We shared a dessert , a spicy peanut tart , which was interesting .
Horrible experience all the way around .
The walls are thin and you can hear * everything * happening in the neighboring rooms .
The staff were very nice and attentive .
We got there at prime time and it was only a 10 - 15 minute wait - not bad at all !
We were actually hoping to eat at Jacques Imo 's down the street but did n't realize it was n't open for lunch .
We had some difficulty finding the spot ..
The boudin noir was delicious .
We also tried the St Louis Andouille burger .
We were a party of 6 and tho it was a little " strained " hearing each other , that 's often expected with parties more than 4 .
My boyfriend and I arrived at Don Pablo 's at 5:45 on Saturday night .
This was an overall great experience .
Founded in Bellevue , Wash. , with locations throughout Washington , Oregon and Idaho .
I walked in and was immediately energized by the lime green everywhere .
He was n't much for conversation , but he had a penchant for tossing those meaty morsels to us as if he was slopping the pigs .
I ca n't pick a favorite .
We did not have a reservation so we had to sit at the bar ... it all turned out though .
The guy taking our order , Josh I think it was , is a total failure .
Once seated by the manager we got seated in the corner of the of the building next to a large party .
We had high hopes for this place:/
Thanks so much for having us .
I brushed it off as just a bad day .
After dinner we enjoyed a Crème brûlée which tasted great !
The food came up pretty quickly considering how full the restaurant was .
The rice was very flavorful and delicious .
very attentive and concerned about your satisfaction .
I informed her that we had a reservation and provided her the information .
I went to Fez last night with my husband and two of our friends .
The building itself is just gross , just GROSS .
Some people are offended by Konstadinos ' rules , but really , I appreciate them .
My gratin was amazingly tasty .
And the food ... OMG so amazing !
It had a nice kick !
The staff was on point with service & made sure we were taken care of .
The weather was wonderful , so even though the outside eating area overlooks the parking area , we opted to sit outside .
As soon as you leave for the bathroom , one of the waitresses comes over and folds up your napkin - Michelin star style .
We took my son to the New Tampa chili 's for his birthday at his request .
I had the Hickory Burger , and my boyfriend had the grilled chicken sandwich .
We sat at the sushi bar and our table was dirty and sticky .
We were one of two tables in the entire restaurant .
The manager also made the effort to come over to follow up and talk with us .
We had to ask the Maitre'd if we could get some water and he could not have been more rude and offended that we had asked .
Iris pulled out all the stops to make sure everyone had comfortable seating and even prepared an overflow table for us .
This was a great surprise for me to find and even a better place to dine in .
Everyone from the front desk staff , to banquet staff , and so forth , were welcoming and accommodating to our group 's needs .
Wo n't eat octopus anywhere except here ; marinated for a long time so it 's very tender .
They sat us around the grills and everyone got up and socialized since this was a sushi social .
We made a great decision stopping by for lunch provided my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our burger and BLT .
I really loved those red onions .
I was with three other people in a corner table and we had to shout to hear each other .
I ca n't remember the names of the dishes .
My friend argues with her because it was not fair we were being blamed for something that was her fault this time .
I , along with Mr. Alton Brown ( famous food critic on the food channel ) agree Cafe Beignet is much better than Cafe Du Monde .
One of my sisters PULLED A REALLY LONG HAIR OUT OF HER MOUTH AFTER TAKING A BITE OF FOOD ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Once my friend arrived the server then explained the menu to us bc it was our first time .
It does n't feel like you 're anywhere near home .
BOGO wines Mon - Thurs 4 - 6 ... we both ordered Sauv .
Service was very quick and attentive - our dishes arrived very swiftly after ordering .
I think his name was Stephen , but ca n't remember for sure .
She came back with our drinks and then took our order .
JoJo reserved us a window seat - just could not believe the kind and excellent service .
Service and food was excellent ! !
The restaurant was not too busy , so we just looked at a small table next to the bar and proceeded to take a seat .
The plates just looked sad .
Husband and I really enjoyed coming here .
Granted the waitress continually reminded us that it was only her 3rd shift , but every mistake was inexcusable .
The tots were crispy and sweet .
We came in a party of ten and had to get out in a rush to go .
The hostess was very rude .
We ordered queso dip and it was quite good .
Last , but not least , was their exquisite Grand Marnier souffle for dessert .
We drove way out of our way to get here and to be honest the drive was n't worth it .
It came out with cheese ( a common mistake ) and the bartender was extremely accommodating and apologetic .
We assumed she was just the hostess and not the waitress .
Best decision I made that day for sure !
I parked in the large lot south of the pier and walked 15 minutes up and onto the pier .
This is the best place you are not going to .
The steak was awesome and so tender and flavorful .
Accommodating and attentive throughout the whole meal , which is nice .
A waiter came by and I quickly asked if we could have a seat , before sitting down and told him we 'd only be having cocktails .
We loved this place .
Speakers were really loud .
The person who took the reservation assured that he would make the special occasion known to the staff , which sounded great .
Me and Ty went here the day after Valentine 's for the brunch .
We had quiche and Joe 's scramble and a Lemmon muffin , all excellent .
Reminds me of my dad 's best friend 's pizza shop in East Los Angels ( R.I.P.
The pad thai was a bit sweet I thought , but the person who ordered it really liked it .
It 's a local joint within walking distance and the only true Italian place in Trolley Square .
We went there for breakfast today , and it was wonderful .
It 's a patio located outside .... makes no sense .
The rest of the dishes were okay - good but not spectacular .
We sat at the bar and really got the royal treatment .
The Mac and cheese was impressive .
The waiter made 6 people write down their orders on a blank piece of paper .
The hotel honored our request for a high level room so we were very appreciative of that .
The barbecue sauce and cheese and sour cream and everything were so delicious .
Never thought of that but it was sooo good ! !
Decent little dive on Metairie road .
I was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt for the most part , considering we ate there on New Year 's Eve .
We chose our seat among the clean , well laid out space .
As soon as we walked in , I felt transported into a different world .
Parking is actually ok since there is a side street that is easy to park on and walk since it 's on the corner .
There is only inside seating available with tables and chairs set up along the window and the wall .
My booth was in the corner and had a beautiful view of the city .
CONS : I guess my main concern was the itty bitty crab cakes I ordered .
The food was all excellent : he had the scallops and I had the seafood pasta .
Since Frank is a native German , it is not at all surprising that many of the wines are German .
I knew it would be a great place .
This location is close to our home .
I asked him to explain all of the ingredients and he went through them one by one .
We all enjoyed them as well as the fries which were cooked crisply as we requested .
This is our favorite pizza in Carmel .
We thanked him and only took back part of it .
It 's not bad , it 's just kind of blah .
I got the Sea bass it was delicious .
The waitress ( Kat ) was kind and was very informative with the menu .
Our other favorite pizza joints that rival this place are Lombardi 's ( NYC ) and Grimaldi 's ( Brooklyn ) .
Ask for Kentrelle at the Oyster Bar and have him make you the " firecracker . "
This whole experience was such a lovely surprise to cheer up this rainy day ! !
When he got there about ten minutes later , the food obviously was n't very warm .
Our waitress was very attentive , even coming back at one point to tell us our food was on its way .
I had the pecan pancakes which were delightfully flavorful .
This is my and my husband 's favorite place to get lunch .
It was kind of hot the day I went in there as the air conditioning must not have been turned on .
There is n't much to see when its pitch dark outside .
The music came out from different corners of the room .
She even thanked me for calling once I finally got to the restaurant .
The seared scallops were the perfect texture , and the sauce was tangy and rich .
It was overpowering and all you could taste was the pepper .
Caroline / Carolyn ( sorry not sure of the spelling ) was awesome ! !
The owner was wonderful and very present throughout our dinner .
Our food was ok at best .
the way I asked .
This was a very convenient service and helpful to us .
When the food finally arrived everything was delicious .
The sausage , in particular , was delicious .
We arrived around 5:40 with no reservation , we were greeted and sat immediately .
She answered all of our questions very thoroughly and patiently , and helped us pick out the perfect sake .
Chef Casey came out on two occasions to chat with us about the food and make sure we were having a good time .
EDIT : I got super sick after leaving this review , and I 'm 99 % sure it was food poisoning .
I had the Entrecôte Grillée et Frites ( picture included ) and my wife had the Boudin Stuffed Porkchop .
We later walked on over to The Canopy and enjoyed the music much more .
The bottom line : Cheu , I love you .
The sodas come in plastic bottles ( NO !
I asked him where the minimum was posted - he responded that it was n't .
We had four tofu and vegetable , one vegan , and one chicken hibachi .
The room was very clean , bright and comfortable .
Oh the pita and fresh hummus !
The food was fabulous , as was the atmosphere .
We had 3 different kinds and all were tasty .
This place is not far from the convention center , so it 's an easy walk after a long day there .
It was really a good time .
This restaurant was so accommodating in getting us in off the rainy street quickly .
but the food was was the most impressive facet of the experience .
it was the great service i appreciate .
One friend tipped 10 % for it and had a female server chased us down outside and COMMANDED ( exact words : " COME HERE ! "
We dined here last night , and were very happy .
The tomatoes were just a hair too thick which made them a bit tougher than I 'm used to .
Great hidden gem of S.
The hot chicken was delicious !
The employee who took our order was very kind and the service was pretty quick .
The lazy draw was the no look pass of the document we requested .
The food was expensive though .
My daughter took me here on a rainy cold night and we arrived just as Tony was about to close .
True to its Moroccan roots everything from the furniture to the walls is covered with dark , heavy fabric .
We both enjoyed our food very much and it was very reasonably priced .
I do n't think she cracked a smile the entire time we were there .
It came out as 3 decent sized fried balls .
Wings were really meaty and saucy .
We got to park right up against the hotel then realized that there is a free parking lot with a shuttle ; ouch !
It was kind of like a maze of floors , which was rather neat .
We had tacos , and they were all delicious .
Thank you for the wonderful service ! !
The presentation and choices were excellent .
The owner was extremely nice and came out to ask how our food was .
We were fine with that , given that this place came highly recommended .
Do n't try to share it- it wo n't work .
Birthday songs were played on the televisions and it was very festive .
In conclusion the za was Gucci and the salad was meh .
The change of ownership is a total disaster ! ! ! !
Our group had intended to sit out in the patio , but since It was too hot , we decided to sit inside the restaurant .
Nice cozy place hidden from plain sight !
We went to this place after looking on Yelp -- duh .
We were given copies of the take out menu , which somewhat surprised me .
We stopped in for the lunch special and were not disappointed .
Raquel even came to our table to make sure my margarita was right !
It was a Sunday so I know they were very busy in the kitchen but the food was barely warm and sub par for the price .
It was definitely an enjoyable experience .
I ate here and there was literally poop on the floor .
The place was quiet , the staff super friendly and " loving " .
Being from Bakersfield it would have meant a lot to us .
We sat on the top patio , our son was with us so we ordered several things .
My wife and I went to Surrey 's on a Monday morning for brunch around 10:00 AM .
He seemed nervous and unsure at first , but he was friendly and made sure to check on us frequently .
Bottom line : It was lower tier pizza , Actually Costco pizza was a little better and cheaper .
It was refreshing and the raw papaya was nice and crisp .
On my visit yesterday , I was very disappointed they refused to sell me meat cut for braciole .
The white pizza was delicious and mouthwatering .
and ohhhh the pecan croissant was fantastic !
We thought we should probably tell someone , so we asked our waiter for the manager and a male manager came over .
We were four people and not one of us took a second bite of their food ! !
Did n't bother me as I fed off her plate and did n't eat the shrimp ( I do nt care for shrimp ) .
All four of us ordered very different items .
It took about 20 minutes to even get the bottles opened though .
Surprise at the end was when the bill came they only took cash !
I regretted only getting one scoop ha !
Taken aback , we asked to speak with a manager , which turned out to be her .
Since it was our first trip we had the minis ( 2 bit cupcakes ) .
No chocolate donut or cream filled , etc .
Our food was delicious and the service was great ! !
I stayed at the Sheraton Sand Key and Maggies is basically down the steet ( walking distance ) .
I absolutely love this place and will make sure I visit it every time I 'm in St.
Since we were in a bit of a rush we ordered the lettuce wraps and some dumplings .
Even the small bathroom was cute and adorable .
The burger was moist and juicy .
There were six of us so we were able to taste quite a few things .
The eggroll was amazing .
First stop on the trip and it was absolutely delicious !
Our work team took Sunday afternoon off and decided to wander around the French Quarter .
Eventually we took silverware and menus and sat ourselves .
Fish was fresh and the chefs were really attentive to us .
I had to admit that to myself hen I came here 2 of the 3 days I spent in Clearwater .
She seemed confused as hell .
It was light even though it had lots of meat on it , which I thought was amazing .
However , it was one of the tastiest pieces of Cod i 've ever had .
I think their favorite thing to say is , " no problem . "
We really did n't stay in the hotel much though and it probably would have been more convenient to stay downtown .
As for the staff , they seemed to be dreading the day .
My girlfriend and I decided to try it , and I 'm glad we did .
The owner was also super friendly which was a nice cherry on top .
Personable and attentive .
We also noticed right away they were over staffed , but it still took 5 minutes for our server to even greet us .
Then when the bill came she put it on the table and in under a minute came back and picked it up before we even looked at it .
I would highly recommend Pi if you 're in St.
There was this surfer looking dude who seemed to be my waiter but I could n't tell who my waiter was .
It was a highly recommended local breakfast place .
My friend went over to the bar , found 2 empty chairs and I asked her for our check .
Both times we have gone in to this subway we were not greeted or even acknowledged when we came in the door .
Ca n't go wrong by choosing this place .
It was about to be my nephew 's 8th birthday , so we surprised him w / a song & dessert .
Arthur , Kymist , Jennifer , and everyone else at Knockouts what an amazing time we had at your Restaurant Sports Bar and Grill .
Once downstairs I have to say that I was sorely disappointed with the space .
We then asked the waiter to check and after 45 minutes a chef brought about 10 oysters out .
Chef Kevin Sbraga knows fried chicken .
We 're both so happy this restaurant is in our neighborhood and ca n't wait to go back .
The dishes themselves were fresh and flavorful as well .
The disrespect and poor sevice from the kitchen and manager on duty was shocking .
The campfire cake was delicious .
The biggest problem was that they do n't speak English , so we had a very hard time communicating with them .
It seemed like they just took it out of the fridge and heated it in a microwave for 30 seconds .
Very poor customer service ! ! ! !
My husband had the ribeye & it was cooked to perfection .
It took forever to get our drinks , and there were no apologies from the wait staff whatsoever .
The food seemed authentic .
the truffle fries my mom had were amazing too .
We were worried about not being able to eat here because we found out one of my friends has a peanut allergy .
We ordered a plain pizza , pepperoni and a mushroom pizza .
They gave us a nice secluded table on the beach with lit candles , it was just what we wanted .
The chef came out and greeted us at the end , everything was top notch and worth every penny .
So we proceeded to the door .
The wings were awesome !
The food here was absolutely amazing !
He was very professional in regards to the response and plans on rectifying the matter immediately .
Impressed with this place .
The flavor of the mushrooms was excellent , as was the texture of the mushroom flesh , very firm and moist .
My family visited Tre Scalini this past December for my dad 's birthday .
We know PJ 's from other locations .
A very courteous gesture in my opinion .
The room was clean and neat .
We walked to the place she recommended ( a very popular spot , with a very long line and wait ) .
It took a really long time for it to come in the meantime we took a tour of Elaia down the hall and in the other structure .
The cooking was erratic , ranging from superb to amateurish .
We sat at the chef 's bar which allows you to see the food being prepared in the open kitchen .
The pita bread was very good .
I do n't understand the concept of this place .
People went up to their table , but not many , because it 's NOLA , we do n't do that here unless it 's the Saints .
My brother and I ate here to celebrate my college graduation and I must say I was very satisfied .
The Imo 's deluxe is my personal fave .
The salad and pizza were awesome .
She brought our drinks to us in the pool !
His only complaint was the gravy - he said it tasted strongly of worchestershire ( did I spell that right ! ? ) was overpowering .
For a saturday night it was surprisingly really quiet .
Throughout our meal , we could clearly hear the cafe staff gossiping and saying bad things about their coworker .
Joe loved the gastriqued cherries and both of us enjoyed the smoked duck breast .
We paid at the cashier area and made our way out with our leftovers .
The atmosphere was fantastic .
He was able to track me down almost all the way to Bankers Life Fieldhouse !
From the moment we walked in everyone was so nice and friendly .
At least when he asked how long we had been waiting , I told him " long enough that we were a minute away from leaving . "
The food was delicious , in happy I stayed and the service was good ok ' Southern love !
My favorite go to takeaway spot .
Our waitress brought me a bowl and then promptly charged me $ 2.50 extra for it .
There was a rodent running across the floor as we ate ..
The decor in the restaurant was really nice and inviting .
Our server was attentive and patient as we were trying to figure out what we wanted .
We enjoyed our lunch .
service was prompt and polite .
This was a PERFECT end to our day .
Workers were very friendly .
The food was weird ..
I ordered the honeybee crepe and an almond croissant .
Lettuce wraps and Almond Chicken .
We had the crawfish cakes & 3 different orders of chargrilled oysters , everything was delicious .
The waitstaff were attentive and very nice !
The cheese they used was of a very good quality .
He agreed and took care of the drinks that we had ordered .
He did n't say he was sorry and acted like it was my fault even though I 'd repeated it twice when I ordered !
The whole thing was over $ 15 .
The bourbon tasted watered down ... disappointing aspect to the dining experience .
She had the Chicken and I had the flank steak .
What a special place .
The owner was very personable .
When we asked to speak to the manager to tell him about the service , complete JOKE !
The crust was light and crispy(order well done ) .
My husband and I live around the corner and dine here a few times a month .
My date and I made a reservation , but when we arrived they had lost our reservation .
As far as I 'm concerned , San Antonio Taco IS the 21st / Vandy area .
Later at home I ended up vomiting for the rest of the day .
The fried green tomatoes were delish as well .
All this happened on a public sidewalk 20 yards away from the business .
We came to get out of the casino and found it to be only a 7 min walk away from the Silver Legacy .
I tasted the other entree , but ca n't recall the name .
When the waitress finally put our name down she told us that there was a 45 - 60 minutes wait , which we agreed with .
Unfortunately , I did n't remember his name but he was fantastic !
He did n't like saying " you 're welcome " when people said " thank you " .
What a great find ! ! ! !
It tasted and smelled like spoiled cream cheese .
My only issue with the place is that it is SO dark and dreary in there .
He seemed like he did not care to be there and just rolled his eyes whenever we had a question ... not cool at all !
I called and the gentleman that took my order answered the phone .
We actually had to go inside to close our tab .
The MAJOR negative was the next day when I ended up with food poisoning and spent the entire next day on my bathroom floor .
When they took us to our table , they were still cleaning it off .
I did a double - take and thought maybe she heard me say ' hot coffee ' instead .
We stopped here on our way through town and want sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised .
since that s what i wanted and dude agreed that s the right way ...
We notified our server and he ended up bringing us two additional oysters which was nice , but seriously ? !
After deciding to leave someone walked up to the host station as we opened the door .
We tried a little bit of everything and it was all delicious .
All were extremely knowledgeable and passionate about their role in the org .
The sushi was good
The top shelf margarita was so tart it was unbearable to drink .
We stood up front waiting to be seated .
I 'm still very confused by my dining experience last night .
My husband and I were SO excited to find this place !
Really enjoyed my visit .
After dark , it 's very hard to see anything since they do not have a lot of light here .
I wo n't blame my bad decisions on my review .
Almost forgot to mention there 's a Tiki Bar in the back ( will check it out on the return trip ) .
I first heard about this place on the plane ride over from a Franklin local .
Just had a Big Island Açaí bowl and it was amazing ! ! !
It 's a beautiful little place .
We have loved Schlafly for many years as we lived just blocks away and love their beer and food .
I was the only person in the place that she did not know by first name .
We sat at the bar both times .
We got to the front desk to register and i was still feeling uneasy although my bf had assured me it was a dog friendly hotel .
Its very nice inside , the food is extra special .
When you walk through the doors , you are immersed into the atmosphere and culture ; it truly is an experience .
We alerted the staff and issue was resolved .
The noise level was the only negative .
I asked the woman at the counter which sandwich she preferred and she said , " The Wendy . "
My fiancé and I stayed at this hotel for 3 days and 4 nights for the Epicor convention .
We were able to snag a couple of seats while we waited for our Maple Lattes .
That was seriously the most disappointing fact .
Again , the way we were treated was completely reprehensible and could have been avoided completely .
I sigh and realize this is probably the best meal I 've ever eaten .
The ambiance was excellent too .
It was n't busy at all , and normally this would worry me , but since they were newly opened , I waved off that concern .
Food was OK ...
He also got everyone at the table to sing happy birthday to my wife which was cool .
There was something off with the shrimp though ... they were those transparent shrimp , I do n't think they were gulf shrimp .
We even tried the potato galette and it was extremely tasty .
The other big thing was that the rolls were actually falling apart .
We walked in , and personally I really liked the feel of the room .
One of our fave St. Pete restaurants .
Mine was certainly the best presentation ; it was the best part about the meal too .
The workers were also kind enough to let us light candles on our birthday cupcakes :) Overall a great dining experience !
The first thing that I noticed when I walked in was the atmosphere of the restaurant .
The bread was fresh baked and delicious as well .
I ca n't even believe this place exists .
It 's music city USA and u ca n't hardly hear music in the hotel
There 's a pool table right next to the bar top and a few video games nearby .
My father was in the regional hospital in Brandon for 10 days and we were spending 14 hour days in his hospital room .
I took one quick look at his catch and found the most wonderful looking jumbo shrimp I had ever laid eyes on .
The person I was talking to said " ok " and hung up . I ca n't say I will return .
The service on the otherhand was rather mediocre .
No one came to attend us for 10 - 15 mins .
We were promptly greeted and our wine ( BYOB ) was iced down .
I 'm glad they put one in Voorhees it is much closer and much larger than the Moorestown location .
This is one of our favorite spots in Nashville .
I went with the spicy and my mom had the regular .
I 'd heard the hype .
Food was exquisite .
Funny on our way out ... the next couple 's reservations were lost as well !
When I asked the server what 's going on , she gave me a really bitchy attitude and acted as though she was talking to a child .
The chef came out a few times and picked out desserts for the two of us as we were game , and we were not disappointed !
We stopped by complete accident for a late lunch .
We were seated rather quickly for a Thursday night .
The kebabs were moist and juicy yet perfectly charred .
The coffee was delicious and very strong !
My husband and I had dinner here last night .
Very modest looking from the outside , but inside it 's cozy , colorful , and most importantly the food is delicious .
He made sure my friends food was free of gluten and personally brought the food to us .
I felt cramped sitting at the long table surrounded by people I did not know .
( I was at work , but kept a close eye for any changes on the map via laptop ) .
We went here for lunch today and it was AMAZING .
The donuts were very fresh and light .
We had no idea what to expect , we did n't realize it is a Vietnamese restauaurant .
The wings were extremely small .
My husband and I really enjoyed this place !
Just ate here for the first time and wow it was good .
Maybe it was too high expectations , but the woman who took our order did n't know if the ribs were baby backs or not .
When I ate inside with my boyfriend and two friends , our experience was fairly pleasant .
The food was excellent and everyone was extremely nice .
I was going to turn around , but my girlfriend insisted on taking a peek and she knocked on the door anyways .
I went to the pearl for my birthday and every detail of the experience was awesome !
The table I got was dirty and sticky .
Our server admitted to me that things were not in place and that all of his fellow employees were confused and unhappy ...
There was no waiting line but still no one wanted to sit us even though many asked how many for dinner .
The seafood gumbo soup was hearty and delicious .
We decided to try this place because of the reviews and we were extremely disappointed .
He was knowledgeable and accommodating to all of our needs .
Ate here with the guys for lunch because we 're in St Louis visiting and this place was awesome to me !
The staff here were great and very attentive making sure all the special birthday rock stars were well looked after .
So it was to my shock and dismay that I saw two men sit down next to us wearing ball caps .
Grandpa had taco - very flavorful and enjoyed it .
But I took a chance , and I 'm glad I did .
I do n't mind the reminder but again her tone was rude towards us .
They came at least an HOUR AFTER us .
It was definitely not your average dish .
We were able to get a seat on the patio .
Several times I looked up at the dinner table and there was not a single drop of wine in one wineglass .
Do n't know what happened in the back room but I thought they were supposed to make it in front of you .
Once inside , the staff was extremely helpful and attentive to whatever questions we had about their menu .
It came out quick and was timed perfectly as we had to get on the road .
Flower was the acting manager today .
Later on that night , she sent us a handwritten card , free snacks , and a free movie pass .
The manager took it to recook the order - and brought back a piece of meat so rare it was cold in the center and tough .
Eddie my waiter , was very nice and helpful regarding the menu .
My mother and I stopped in here for lunch upon recommendations from friends .
Several hours after writing the review , I was sick .
The chicken was very good as well .
There were seven of us who waited and waited and waited for our food while others who came in after us ordered , ate and left .
However , EVERY single table was dirty .
In a nutshell it was a good experience .
The veggies ( mushrooms , peppers , etc ) all tasted incredibly fake .
We were asked wether we wanted to be seated in the dining room or the courtyard .
We had very prompt , attentive service .
My bowl was excellent ! ! !
The only thing was that it was A HUGE MESS when trying to eat it because the fillings all fell apart .
Service was very prompt and friendly .
Fortunately I had my sunglasses with me although they did offer to pull down the shades for me as well .
The duck fat fries were decadent and perfectly crisp and salted .
The food was very bland .
To top it off we sat next to the water and got to see dolphins jumping out of the water .
This place is located right next to the Old No .
We had our choice of seats and were quickly helped by Zack .
My fault : bad short - term memory .
The people behind the counter are friendly and accommodating .
From the miso to the rolls it was very yummy !
What an absolute delight !
Ca n't go wrong with this place .
The staff seemed shocked about our 6 pm arrival , and " sanitized " a large table for us quickly .
The food and the service was outstanding ! !
The Salmon dip was spicy and sweet and awesome .
Everyone at the table seemed very satisfied with what was put in front of them .
The juice was really overpriced ( $ 5.75 for a 12 oz glass ) and honestly nothing special .
The food is EXCELLENT ! ! ! !
Thank goodness for the cloth napkins .
No apology , no comp soup , no extra candle .
We made an online order and then went to pick it up .
The broth was flavorless and disgusting .
I loved the appearance of the bar and all of the decorative touches down to the painting of the rest room doors .
Everyone I went with enjoyed the food , it was fresh and extremely delicious .
All in all the service from the moment we entered the door to the end of our meal was great !
I ate the eggs provencale ( their signature dish ) ; it was ok .
Oh and try the Gnocchi alla argentiera and the Biancomangiare they 're amazing ! ! !
My family and I just had dinner at the boiling house and it was nothing short of Amazing !
He was generally short and put off by us the entire night ( every 15 minutes when he would happen to come over to our table ...
The food quality was def .
To be honest , when I read reviews mentioning how light and airy these donuts are , I 'm a bit taken aback .
I was staying at the Hilton Garden Inn near the airport and called this Papa John 's around 10 pm .
Poor guy .
The food was amazing ! ! !
There are other Wendy 's locations closer to me where I live but I wo n't eat at them .
Its not our favorite as far as taste but the quality was surprisingly amazing for the price .
The chips were warm .
But the shrimp in it was , well , odd .
And we did a lot of laughing and a lot of talking .
Mashed potatoes were absolutely delicious .
We asked her what a few of the roads / bridges were that we were looking at , but she sort of guessed at it .
We mentioned the chilliness to the server , but there was no heat forthcoming .
I was surprised at the quality actually - it was good .
Had a wonderful night with husband and 2 of our kids at Cirque de la Symphonie with the Nashville Symphony .
We ordered the bloomin onion and the chesse fries .
Karissa was our server and she was great .
That was our spot great Great great food .
A full 10 minutes after I got there , my food came out .
* edit : Brought the wife there aorund 8 pm and the lady was like " why are you eating so late ? ! "
The staff was super attentive .
The service was sterile and perfunctory .
Our food was pretty slow getting to us .
You 'd think you 'd be in Creole heaven , but the experience was a bit dissatisfying .
I told him about the mayo and he said , " Well , I did n't know that . "
We were told to go here by a friend .
The waitress checked on us frequently and kept us pretty hydrated .
The music was really good oldies ... mamas and papas and that sort of stuff :) .
The main dining area was clean & tidy but the side area was messy & not very clean .
The chicken was tender and moist and also delicious .
We ate oysters for breakfast and it was so worth it .
The outside patio was also really pleasant and the service was really good too ! "
I 'm from Los Angeles , so it 's a thing .
They were one of the most highly recommended places I would suggest to anyone I could .
Jasmine tea was very refreshing as well .
We reluctantly ate our food anyway .
The bathrooms were filthy .
Absolutely terrible service ! ! !
I was a little surprised by the presentation .
My friend just patiently waited .
I tried to go Friday night and it was a total mess .
Each morsel was so large , so sweet .. all of my girls and I were silent , with glistening eyeballs staring at each other .
The plantains were delicious .
I had the cauliflower pizza .
The food was delicious , the service attentive and friendly , and the atmosphere warm .
We waited over 40 minutes to have our orders taken .
The prime rib was amazing .
Service was attentive and am sorry I ca n't remember our servers name , as she was delightful .
The steak was charred to perfection and perfectly cooked on the inside ( we ordered it medium ) .
I ordered the More Cowbell per Crystal 's recommendation , and I am so glad I did !
It just seemed like they were full size beds and not queens .
The kid named derick told me I was touchy ... very rude .
The chicken was just plain grilled .
The server informed me that she " just had not picked up the sauce yet and she would get it " .
This place was quite a surprise for being so close to the French quarter with a ton of tourists in the area .
Janie had the Lasagna , which had spinach inside ..... very good !
We had 715 reservations and were a couple minutes late , but we were seated immediately which was nice .
the two people in there ( I 'm assuming husband and wife , possibly the owners ? ) were very attentive and eager to help .
The hostess and buspeople were very nice and chatted us up .
Took a little long to get our food , but once we got it , we were so very happy .
We were told by the hotel it was a steakhouse .
It was actually really good , well priced and really nice service ! !
I felt like I was receiving the royal treatment .
The food came out cold too .
We also ordered the custom - made guacomole for the table ; a server came out and made it for us right at the table .
The food was fresh and tasted good .
We had two gumbos , one crawfish etouffee , and one spaghetti meatballs .
This was literally just a giant bowl of fruit , like apples , oranges , grapes and bananas .
I do n't love sweets but I had one ( my boyfriend gratefully inhaled the rest of them ! ) but I had one and it was very tasty .
I invited 20 of my friends to Restaurant Week and we decided to go to Marmont .
The gumbo was so salty with burnt roux .
The owner was very nice .... he is originally from Cuba so all items on the menu are authentic Cuban sandwiches .
We both ordered the special cream soup .
We were amazed at the attention to detail in every aspect of our experience .
We stopped into Village Whiskey on the last night of our stay in Philadelphia on the recommendation of a local .
I know it was a " deal " but it was so bad that I could n't even finish it .
It took an hour to get our food .
Luke happened to be close by ( we stayed at Le Pavillon Hotel ) , had a happy hour , and had oysters , so we headed that way .
Today was our first visit , it 's a cool little place in a nice neighborhood .
It was also a bit mushy .
At this point , that 's just plain rude .
Then I got up and told the hostess at the front that a server had not come to our table since we sat down .
The food was nice .
As soon as we got there we notices the place was packed and everyone was happily eating .
The taco 's were mediocre at best and the prices at loco pez crush bena onda ( especially on dollar taco night ) .
We had to flag down a waiter from a different section to get us drinks , and then our waiter still did n't even come greet us .
The sea weed salad was nasty - although I felt like the waiter prepared us for the - others must have complained .
This was our favorite activity of New Orleans .
It had a congealed coat on the outside of it and it was cold , so I know it came from the fridge .
We had a sampling of brunch items and raw gulf oysters , and everything was phenomenal .
So of course we had to get the Rotolo .
When I walked in , I was courteously greeted and felt like a valued customer .
This had to be the best part of the meal for the both of us .
The room was clean and comfortable .
The food has a good visual appearance which made us more eager to eat it once we got inside the building .
I could n't even see sauce on it .
I 'm so glad I read their review and made sure to try the asparagus , because it was by far my favorite item there !
I was surprised how bland their food was .
We were in Magnolia , found our way to our room via map and got settled in .
In addition , the atmosphere inside is really off - putting .
There was no one at the host station and so we figured we could just walk to the bar ?
Val and her team were very helpful with our boat fish .
We 've been meaning to stop in , and tonight , we finally did .
I had the Yankee pot roast .... which was ok .... mashed potatoes were just ok and the meat was kind of bland .
The wait was horrendous .
This place has went so downhill over the years ... it 's really sad .
My husband took me out to dinner at the Joe 's crabshack on us31 on October 5th .
We knew we had to wait in line , but the wait inside for food and drinks was ridiculous .
Everyone just kept walking by our table and ignored us .
Moreover , the tortillas were mushy .
Our first visit was for happy hour shortly after we landed in New Orleans .
The employees looked at me with almost disqust that I was in there .
There 's no decorating in this place , the tables are rather close to each other , and it 's a really small place .
We got a drink while we were waiting and the bartender happily transferred our tab to our table .
The BBQ nachos we 'd shared here before many times was soggy and tasteless .
Bothersome , unapologetic , and ended our eating there .
Our waitress was very pleasant .
We were seated in front of the door at a small table which ...
It 's an Italian place ...
I spent a lot of time working in the Gentilly area / Upper 9th ward and used to stop into Zimmers pretty frequently .
They were cold and rock hard , felt like they 'd been frozen and taken straight from the freezer .
The Mahi had no flavor , was very bland , and a sort of " fishy taste . "
My boyfriend and I ordered a wrap- I got a falafel and he got a chicken shawarma .
We had each had a cocktail and shared the Cuban pork dish .
Omg this is a great place !
My companion and I split the Burger and the Connecticut Lobster Roll .
DO NOT go to this restaurant .... Overall a HORRIBLE experience ! ! !
We sidled up to the bar and loved seeing the old rusty butcher's - knife tap handles .
The bartender was a miserable prick .
This particular IHOP is fairly near to where we live , so it 's convenient .
My roommates and I just moved to the city and are so happy we found this spot .
We waited around to ask the concierge questions .
I asked her 3 times for plates when the other server finally brought us bread .
I do n't like pineapples but I read reviews and just had to try it and thank u guys !
We had a group of four and we were seated at the counter .
Nice to sit by the window and watch people outside .
I had the mango iced tea and the blueberry rooibos .
The drink was very tasty .
We stopped in for breakfast .
The soup was amazing and strongly recommended .
Our server , Robin , was friendly and answered the ( many ) questions and ( many ) recommendations I asked for !
We got the chicken , carne asada and fish tacos .
I had the carnitas ( YUM ) , my friend had the vegetarian cactus and sweet potato ( she said they were amazing ) .
Finally one of the staff came and said that they could not make our order since they were so busy and apologized .
Our waiter was very sweet , funny and attentive .
It was hard to tell at first due to the heavy colored sauce/ vegetables .
The seating is also really cramped ... and the loud couple nearby watching videos on their phone was annoying to say the least .
The spicy tuna was spicy .
No one would answer the phone for several minutes .
We picked up some beer from rybrew across the street while waiting for the burgers .
Our waiter was professional and accommodating .
-Took them about 25 minutes to bring it to us .
Our son had the chicken strips , he ate 3 out of 4 of them , which means they must have been good !
All the staff was attentive , cheerful and thoughtful .
It 's a shame- I used to love this place , but I wo n't be going back .
She asked us how we liked our food .
No sauces , lettuce or anything - just meat .
Our waitress was a tad snooty too .
The service was aweful despite the fact it was practically empty when we went .
That 's fine , no biggie .
The dragon roll was excellent but we wo n't be back .
At least not the rusty pelican .
The delicious smell coming out the door drew us in straight away .
We walked in to a nice , pleasant atmosphere and were seated quickly .
My only complaint about the food was the fried rice , which I felt was a little flavorless and mushy .
They we very accommodating and all very sweet people .
I had just moved to Nashville and one of my friends told me I HAD to come here .
2nd time , Sunday I was just there .
All in all Trattoria Marcella is a place you must try if you venture off into the historic Italian Neighborhood of St.
Daughter ordered the fresh toast , husband ordered the huevos benitos , and I ordered the bagel and lox .
The manager , Dawn , stopped by to make sure everything was great , and it was .
Its a bit cramped but not too bad .
The man working at the time asked me how it was and I replied " Great , I 've never been here ! "
Our server Kevin & Renata then greeted us but being so heated I asked for the manager .
We had plans to hop on the streetcar right across the street and check out the Garden District .
My personal favorite are all the crepes , both sweet and savory .
We were asked to move from where we were standing because it would block the dancers from walking by .
My only nit picky comment is to wonder why they use such small water glasses but since she kept them filled , I ca n't complain .
Our very foodie friend Marc recommended
Games - Did nt even bother
I get it , it 's the French Quarter and most places are on the small side .
The lighter beers we had were too warm .
Friend : " Oh god , I 'll explain later ... "
Just pure , deep fried ecstasy .
For all the hype and build - up I received about Luke , it was a little bit of a let down .
There were empty tables everywhere so I did n't understand why there was such a long wait .
Honey 's had indoor and outdoor seating , we chose the inside seating because it was HOT and no shade .
We ordered 5 tacos total and it took about 30 minutes to get them .
It had a scoop of ice cream on the side which tasted like it was a bit frost bitten and actually had chunks of ice in it .
Wo n't actively want to come back but wo n't refuse to come back if my friends want to .
Tuesday was our first stop in at Café Beignet ( 311 Bourbon Street ) .
The BBQ sauce options were all memorable .
One of the shrimps was even gray when I bit into it , and the sandwich itself smelled more like old fish than fresh shrimp .
The kale salad , octopus , ribs and Bianca verde pizza were all amazing .
I do n't know if its just me but I feel like El Camino 's quality went down a lot .
I loved every single bite .
The dining room was very clean and our waitress was great -- really friendly and attentive !
The food was delicious and fresh .
We were sort of prepared for it from reading other reviews but it was really way too long .
This is one of my favorite places in Tucson .
I had to sample some , of course ... wow !
All was ok , We have never really experienced a problem here & it is close to home .
Rare , au poivre , and blissful .
The staff was very nice and accommodating .
We finally got our order only to be disappointed in the food .
tuna tartare was ok but the other rolls were really ... bad .the taste are just not right !
Was not crowded at all so we picked a booth to sit at .
The server was quietly friendly , polite and prompt , and kept our glasses filled .
Our server Kory was the sweetest .
The restaurant was not crowded ( I was the only person in line ) really ?
Our server , Angela , was fantastic .
The burger was amazing .
The duck was imitation duck not the real thing .
There are TVs all around playing different games which is also nice .
Our meal was excellent !
It suited my needs very well and I was pleased .
The walls were practically bare save for a few " Italian " items thrown up on a shelf along the back wall .
The waitress was attentive , and there was not a long wait for anything .
My fiance and I come here pretty regularly as we live right down the road .
But the last time we went we were seated & were n't given menus or silverware .
After we got drinks we did n't see the waitress again .
When we got there the wait staff was all outside and we were the first people in there restaurant .
Yesterday , our breakfast experience was the low point of our stay in Montecito .
The fried green tomatoes were also fabulous .
Our server never checked in and asked us how our food was .
Our server Nick took amazing care of us and made the experience unforgettable .
All in all , a really unique experience .
Like many Yelpers have said , dining at this place feels like you 're eating in someone 's home .
We were heading out for brunch in the Garden District and literally made the cabby pull over as soon as we saw this place .
The mushrooms were great !
The quality was horrific , vainy and tough .
The people working there are very nice and attentive .
All in all , it was just good pizza .
Our server told us how good it was and he was right .
There were tables in the bar and we waited until we were able to snag one .
Our drinks were wonderful as well .
We ate here several times and we 're quite happy .
-The Blackberry cocktail was VERY strong .
You can also find Isabella 's Ice Cream and Tucson Tamale Co. 's tamales in the freezer .
The third was my reiteration of the tomato and the quantity of the said bagels .
Such a disappointing experience and wo n't be back here .
The food was fantastic ! !
Well the ice cream was great !
We thoroughly enjoyed this place .
It was our second time to try Luke and I have to say we loved it .
We ordered a tofu taco for me and a fish taco for Hannah .
They decided to ordered the mango and sticky rice and wow - it was REALLY fresh .
Ca n't be the price , right ?
We went to Lily 's the day before , so I guess this review is a compare and contrast .
The vietnamese crepe was AWFUL .
When we walked in there were a few tables taken .
This place is the closest thing to southern california taco shop faire in the northern nevada area .
The seating process was kind of slow for lunch since when have to seat ourselves but the whole experience was wonderful .
My girlfriend and I took my parents out to dinner here recently .
The atmosphere at lunch was very inviting ...
I ca n't speak for their food but from what I saw , is overpriced .
After we ate we walked around this neighborhood , which was really fun .
I picked at my bf 's gyro plate and it was sooo good !
We both stared at him in shock as he continued to rush us to pay him and get out of the restaurant .
The best part of the entire meal was the $ 15 Picante Margarita , which was delicious if pricey .
Our food came QUICK ..
We had a delicious picnic in the park afterward .
There was some local celebrity at the table next to us , a news reporter for Fox 8 I think , but I 'm not sure .
It was n't busy so I do n't know why she felt the need to talk so fast .
We found our own table as requested to do but wait staff continually walked by without even acknowledging us .
I really liked the bathroom .
We took the Natchez to get a better look at New Orleans and the river ; and were not disappointed .
Class took place around a large center island in his residential kitchen .
There was barely any sausage .
We got seated right away and was quickly served a cup of Joe .
It 's like comparing apples and oranges .
We then placed our order after looking over the menu .
My hubby took a bite and agreed .
Their crab soup is * Simply Amazing * .
There were no labels on the food at the buffet .
The service was friendly and unobtrusive , and the interior of the restaurant feels homey and intimate .
It 's the lack of that special sense of being taken care of .
The bartender then informed us it had water in it .
The service was good , very attentive staff and very courteous !
We asked to sit in a quieter area , and they found us a nice table in a side room .
And few small pieces of chicken .
The sauce was exhuisite .
Maybe he wanted us to leave so that they can all continue watching the game without interruption , but it was strange .
We shared the brunch special and had the coconut French Toast which was also amazing .
Came all the way from Los Angeles , Ca and ate at John 's Village Market and Deli :) It is amazing and they have delicious food !
We picked up dinner for the kids and everything was delicious .
My husband and I went to Le Roux 's out of curiosity , and it did not disappoint AT ALL .
Only problem we had was one of the dishes my friend ordered ( Tuna Tataki ) took like 30 minutes to get to us .
I 'm completely disgusted in the way the employees treated me .
It was 10 minutes before the time she told me the kitchen closed .
We were so confused we told the waittress we paid for the boba , but she said oh no I did n't include it in your order .
My Room was disgusting .
Both times with my boyfriend and we enjoyed it very much .
Rebecca brought us our ice tea and my friend ordered first .
They happily gave us ice when we asked for it too which was really wonderful .
I thought this was the place to go .
Everyone else had great meals too- pesto chicken sandwich , even my daughters pb&j .
The crab rangoons were also pretty spectacular .
A group of us recently stopped n for dinner .
The little add - on to Delicia .
We guessed and picked a few things , they were good .
We had a great stay !
10 minutes later someone said they would be right with us as they were walking past .
She pretty much played the victim and was blaming us for ordering steak at a Carne asada restaurant , lol .
When I called back , the guy on the phone said the driver delivered our food to the wrong house but was on the way .
I ate here with my mom for lunch & shared everything .
my cousin and i ordered 4 tacos .
The people around me looked a little scared , but I could n't resist !
First time there and it was excellent ! ! !
We interacted with two bar tenders and a few other staff .
Finally , our assigned server stopped by , expressing surprise that we were there .
We even got a chance to talk to the Assistant Manager on the last day and tell her about our positive experience .
Our server , Nikki , greeted us in a reasonable amount of time .
Well my daughter and I figured we 'd try the new place on Speedway before the one opens up on our side of town on Valencia .
We just spent $ 100 on a bottle of wine and five appetizers and it was totally underwhelming .
The manager actually ended up waiting on us because they were short handed and clearly over whelmed !
Only once we checked in and changed into our robes and inquired about the hot tubs and pools , were we told they were closed .
Among the 3 of us , we ordered 3 communal plates and then 3 individual small plates and we left absolutely stuffed .
A friend of mine took me to this little jewel near Dale Mabry and it was a great time .
My sangria was top notch and after our meal they even brought me out a slice of tres leches cake ( my favorite !
We told them it was our anniversary and they were more than welcome to accommodate .
It 's just a little bit spicy and it 's oh - so - tender and juicy .
We placed an online order through their website .
It was a great evening .
My friend and I met for dinner last night at Pi in the loop .
Harrah 's is a couple of blocks away and if you 're not up for walking , there is a cab stand on the corner .
The etouffee was awesome , too .
Others at our table raved about the Chicken and the Pig , The BBQ pork , and The Cure sandwiches .
The ambiance is nice and kind of romantic .
After looking at the rates for the evening , the rates were very similar to those where we were staying .
Highly recommend sitting right up at the bar so you can watch the oysters being shucked - very cool !
I was disappointed to find out upon arrival that they 'd been taken off their menu .
Truth : I do n't think there was a sign visible on the outside .
The ribs were AMAZING ! !
It it amazing .... cooked perfectly ... great service
Tomasito 's has a relationship with Tommy 's Wine Bar across the street and they serve sangria from Tommy 's place .
I mean it must have been really hard to pick it up and answer it in a RESTAURANT ! ! !
I even offered to pay cause I think it was my fault but they would n't let me .
The Sweet Paradise was definitely the best roll out of our selections .
I m just being picky its a nice breakfast cafe with moderate prices .
The sweet potato fries were yummy too .
The wait staff was friendly and attentive .
Siracha chicken was great ! ! !
It 's standard McDonald 's food , so I wo n't other with a description .
We stumbled on the Kopper Kitchen after attending a book fair at a nearby hotel conference room .
They had no T - shirts or anything !
We were pleased with our room minus a few stains on walls and tear in shower curtain , but nothing super major .
I was the only one in the place .
Good choice on our part .
We waited about 15 minutes to get seats , which is okay and understandable .
we 'd been drinking margs ) and were so surprised to find such a cute ice cream shop in a place we 'd passed by hundreds of times .
The entire restaurant is very dimly lit and the atmosphere is a bit of a hodgepodge of things .
SALTY to the point of being inedible .
At first I found this a little off - putting but now I find it an endearing feature of the experience .
Since we did n't they told us to sit at the bar .
I ve eaten there twice and both times it was terrible .
The menus we were given were dog - eared , ripped , with pen marks and spots of indeterminable provenance .
I uploaded a pic of this and it really was huge .
I ordered my usual choice which went up to $ 25 , St.
We shared the big easy breakfast and it was okay .
The Tandoori chicken was delicious , too .
I 'd like to take your order " etc .
This happened to be a very different stay .
We went from being third in line to 12th !
The staff and the owner were extremely helpful .
Not only did the food come super quick ( from Mid City to Metairie ) but it was delicious and warm !
Needless to say we were done , however they did comp our meal and gave us a few free doughssants .
My response was definitely NOT passive .
Best dinner we 've had in a long time ! "
I had the frogs legs and they were rubbery and tasted awful .
The service was ok ...
The only problem was that when we went to the restroom we saw into the kitchen .
Anyway , it was like that the whole time and she really ruined the whole experience .
We were the only table in the restaurant and our single appetizer took 20 minutes followed by a 4 0minute wait for our lunch .
The food was very good too .
Absolutely hated this pretzel and I ca n't believe I was suckered into such a travesty by a stupid coupon from Tmobile !
The owner / Tita was really welcoming and friendly and very funny .
The meals were delicious .
Idk why the entrees were so lackluster .
The food came 3 hours later and the onion rings were cold ( how could that be ? .
There was a decent sized group of us , but we were seated right away .
And then I noticed flies around our table .
We had the BBQ chicken pizza and it was delicious ! ! !
It was nice to sit down somewhere and enjoy fresh food ! !
And the lemon cake was my favorite part of the meal .
It was a special occasion as my niece was in the Reno area from Missouri and I surprised her for dinner .
What a mistake , starting right from service walking in , people were confused and did n't know even where to seat us .
We contemplated leaving but stayed anyway .
We had early reservations and were seated promptly .
We were a party of six and were immediately seated .
We shared a 1st course , got our own 2nd and 3rd , then shared 2 desserts .
I added grilled chicken .
Our server , Grant , was a rockstar and so helpful and patient with us .
The toilet was also broken and jury - rigged .
Sad the wine club had to go .
Its decorations are very frilly and ornate in the most adorable sense !
We sat on a chilly night in the room with a fireplace .
Well it was dinner night and my wife and I decided to choose this place for the night .
The waiter approached and did n't even even greet her .
They took our cell phone number down and indicated a text message would be sent when our table is ready .
The best part of the meal was the egg salad .
My husband and I stopped by to try Angelo 's gyros and philly cheese steak .
The sauce was pleasantly lemony with capers all placed over a very nice menage of fresh corn and other veggies .
The couple still talking amongst themselves did not see the waiter signaling ( why did n't he just walk up to them ?
It showed us her attention to detail .
we watched the hostess as she gave wrong instructions to the servers .
It 's a constant battle for me deciding which I want because they are both so good .
I think they use cream corn , that has got to be the secret , but geez it is yummmmm ! !
The Shrimp Summer Rolls and sweet peanut dressing were delicious .
It 's also super centrally located , a quick walk from Wash Ave and other downtown attractions .
I have heard about this place for a few weeks now and have been meaning to visit- and I am very glad that I did !
I am incensed that they wo n't even conduct an investigation for me .
The sausage gravy was very tasty as was the orange juice .
We were seated promptly and served in a timely fashion .
So , being a good sport ( and quite hungry at this point ) , I ate it .
We ordered our food .
We made reservations and had no trouble getting seated even though it was very busy .
A couple showed up as we were finishing our dessert , and they were the only other diners we saw all night .
First of all - the music they were playing was VERY LOUD .
I ended with cheesecake .
Kayla , our server , was terrific !
Since we were in the group section , it was super loud .
The food was also delicious .
It really is Italian pizza ; I believe the owner is from Naples .
Its a nice place to stop by even just for a quick bite .
We were invited to go upstairs to see the rest of the historic house .
The employee taking my order was clear through the speaker and very polite .
I would be remiss if I did not mention the Food & Beverage manager , Eli .
I should have listened to my gut but I made a huge mistake .
we celebrated our daughter 's birthday on a tuesday evening and were the only people there for a while .
The food was alright .
The good was very good as well .
I highly recommend this place ! ! !
Definitely not a date , plus it was super tasty .
There 's a wrap - around balcony where you can get a great view of Jackson Square .
( My only complaint was that our server kept checking in on us every couple minutes !
Not sure why we did n't leave other than the fact we were watching football .
And the entire section we were in had incredibly poor lighting , causing us to have to use our phones to illuminate the menus .
They brought it out on plates and then took 15 minutes to put it in a box .
We were joking around so I felt the time passed quickly .
I stared at it for almost the whole 10 minutes I waited wishing it was 5 o'clock instead of noon .
We decided to get the Greek pizza which was absolutely delicious .
Cold and burnt , we are not the ones .
The noodles were a little stiff and stuck together , and there was hardly any meat .
It took a bit , but one of the waiters took the stage .... and again , we were not disappointed !
We had an iced tea and water on top of our food , total was $ 48sh .
We got there around noon and it was busy .
The margarita was gross .
Unfortunately the space inside is quite small when they have a full house so even when we sat down we felt very clustered .
Our server was friendly and accommodating and there when we needed her .
We loved them , as did the kids .
The Grand opening was really nice .
We went with the simple choice and were not disappointed .
We were seated in the smallish front room .
When they handed us this one page menu I was so surprised to see that there was not much to choose from .
the chicken they put out was a bit more dry .
We told the the bartender no we did n't want it and what was wrong with it .
We were promptly Seated and greeted by our friendly native Greek waiter , Nando .
One thing I was very disappointed about was the fact that the delivery man demanded a tip .
Service was very nice but slow , especially since there were only 3 tables going the whole time we were there .
My husband got a burrito and he said it was just " ok . "
He explained ( correctly ) that I had received the wrong order when I came in the first time .
I had ordered the shrimp poboy and my boyfriend had ordered the angus cheese burger .
Then when we went outside , there was a big stone fountain , which was beautiful .
When I called , the dude that answered sounded high as hell .
The only complaint I had was the diet coke was flat , but we told a kitchen manager who checked on us and he fixed it !
We went around lunchtime and surprisingly it was not too crowded .
Thanks to Yelp for helping us find it when I was looking for a place for us to eat lunch before the Cardinals game .
my mom had the Reuben .
We ordered a bunch of breakfast stuff and it was all perfect !
We got our order quickly .
This place is really pricey , but given the fact it is an upscale place on bourbon street I totally understand why .
At a rate of $ 38 + tax [ about $ 42 total ] it was pretty expensive .
Impeccable service and everything we ordered was absolutely delicious .
The busboys deserve all the credit for making the night salvageable as they were attentive , courteous , and on top of it .
Raw oysters were , well , raw oysters .
Thank you to the Grand Hyatt staff for a wonderful stay .
A Texan in our party said it was n't the real gumbo ... how does a Texan know that ?
After I left I went to their website and looked for the info , well it was no where to be found !
Opryland is a good 10 minute drive away .
We also shared a bottle of a great cab that complimented our food well .
The sound was nice .
None of us had gone for dinner before so we had no idea what to expect .
We would never visit this place again .
She was snarky , show off , condescending and just plain old rude .
My favorite place to eat in Reno .
The tofu is so silky and soft .
We called ahead and picked up at the drive through window after leaving the kids ballgame .
He told about his country which we were not interested to listen .
We ordered a large pizza w/ grilled veg .
I like how cozy that location is .
Very unclean and below average food .
It was a Saturday night and the place was absolutely dead , which seemed a bit odd especially on a lovely summer night .
Completely disappointed esp since we 've had such amazing experiences here in the past .
The manager stopped by and asked how everything was .
My chair was against the wall , and when I looked to my right , plugged into the socket was a very large bug catcher apparatus .
The noodles made me think of yakisoba .
From the outside , the building is kind of nondescript .
I even took my parents to the Jerk Hut when they came to visit and they were impressed as well .
Also , I could tell by looking at the omelette it was n't good , that 's how bad it was , and my dad concurred .
I can only comment on the lunch buffet , but it was pretty horrible .
Jose gave us a tour and introduced us to his daughter that runs the cafe .
This is a Small place on the side of the road in a dirt kind of lot .
The waiter was really rushing us and we could not figure out why .
The peach tea was delicious .
He made sure that my order was hundred percent accurate .
The service was impeccable ! ! ! !
The nigiri rice were hard little balls that you could hardly bite into and they made a nice thud when they fell onto the plate .
I ordered a spicy tuna roll , an alaskan roll , miso soup and a thai ice tea .
The fries had a weird , downright gross taste .
It is located on the cultural trail , so it is n't hard to get to if you parked somewhere on Mass Ave .
The door greeter did n't really do anything except open the door ... forgot to say hi or talk to us .
Ok , I will : all were mind - blowing !
Overall the meal was fulfilling .
It was waaay too thick and just had an odd consistency overall .
We got the thin crust Capone and it was really flavorful .
My favorite local Mexican restaurant .
Whole experience went smooth this time .
My husband , on the other hand , practically cleaned the plates .
Great service ..
The sauce was tangy , salty , and so satisfying .
Our room was very spacious , clean , and well equipped .
I tried a bit of it and completely agreed .
The food was hot and delicious .
It was a warm evening in late November , but the doors were open and cold air was blowing on us .
Her tone made it clear to me that I had already committed one transgression .
Design - wise , it came out exactly as we asked .
the best part was the bread pudding .
All I heard was how good the food is ... well , very average .
For the overall experience , I was quite satisfied .
Breanna the coordinator for the venue was a pleasure to work with replied to all of my emails immediately .
We were there around 6 and it was quiet ( until our 3 year old showed up ) .
We could only find one flaw and it was minor .
It 's a little small but the decorations are pleasant l.
Celina was very helpful and excited to teach us about the food and the cuisine .
Both of us were stuffed and happy after this Cinco de Mayo trip and El Charro definitely redeemed themselves !
Everyone at the table loved what they ordered .
She seemed more interested in her iPhone than in assisting us , but she did take our coats when we inquired .
We have been to Tre scallini many times and have recommended it to many friends simply because the food is delicious !
I checked the receipt and it did indeed say ' iced coffee . '
You wo n't leave that way .
We finished our meal with an espresso , just enjoying the ambiance .
We ended up taking quite a bit home with us .
What a great find ! !
The trip was fun and interesting .
After waiting for our food another hour , we found out they misplaced our lunch order from the manager .
I thought the food was terribly greasy .
She has been in the restaurant industry for decades and was appalled when the chef said he did n't taste what was wrong .
when i brought this to the attention of the staff i was blown off and treated as if i did not know what i was talking about .
The food was excellent and the staff was extremely courteous and friendly .
That is exactly what I ordered that day and it was wonderful .
They explained the menu and were very friendly answering all my questions .
She would bring out something we asked for and would hand it to someone else at the table .
It was clear they have a staff of genuinely decent human beings and it was such a wonderful experience for us .
The owner / chef was super friendly and polite .
The beer was ice cold and the food was hot and fresh .
Omgness the pizza is delicious ! !
Our chef , Tanaka , was great ... and the tofu was AMAZING .
The shop itself is very cute and beautiful .
Next up the pizzas : They were delicious .
Everything was cooked to perfection and fresh .
Highly recommend and woth the stop
The gruyere popover was hot and savory and the perfect popover .
The host said " we are too busy , 35 minute wait " .
All said , the food was OK , but the experience was absolutely horrible .
We shared a basket a fries , a chili cheese dog , and a cheeseburger .
He piled can goods on foil pans that I bought and when I asked him to move them he said " well I did n't bend them " !
Every dam time we come here it 's an issue ! ! !
We ended up giving the busser a personal tip because of our waiters lack of attention to our table .
The only bad points were the greasiness and the tightness in the restaurant .
There was no taste .
This place was pretty loud , it was almost like eating in a night club .
I am so glad we had our wedding here ! ! !
We only ate 1 out of the 5 in the bowl .
Our reservation was for 7 pm last Saturday and when we arrived , it was surprisingly not fully seated !
I spoke with a manger and explained a restaurant employee misinformed us and asked she honor the happy hour price .
We complained to the waitress -who was AWESOME !
The few houses we saw walking into the Garden District were pretty cool : it 's called the " Garden District " for a good reason .
We were greeted with a friendly smile , at the window , and told to have a great night .
The staff was great and very attentive .
It is one of the best things I 've ever tasted .
By the time I returned to the room later that day , everything was repaired .
The fish was so fresh and abundant and the rice was incredible .
Of course- the bread !
I tell everyone to come here because it 's the only Notre Dame bar in the city and it 's usually a great time .
The waitress was patient while we reviewed their large menu .
I 'm always amazed when I can just roll by this place in my car and gaze longingly in the window .
Thrilled that we made this awesome decision in our brief 12 - hour visit to St.
What we concluded after eating all the food was , while Greko was " okay " there was nothing that we had that would draw us back .
We went during dinner time and it was fairly busy .
No problem I just wo n't order it next time .
Each of the staff came out to greet us , thank us for coming , and make some small talk .
+ He 's a warm friendly guy so have a conversation with him while he prepares your order .
The waitress was very friendly as well .
We were a party of 5 and everybody loved the food , the wine and Caffe Primo 's really superb coffee and desserts .
We were lucky enough to get a room away from the club so we had no problem sleeping .
I liked the sliders I had though : fried chicken , beef belly and catfish(okay ) .
The rice was really the only thing I can say we enjoyed .
My daughter and I just visited this adorable bakery this morning and I was so impressed .
Collectively , its our office 's favorite meal by far .
The environment of the place was great , vet home like feeling .
Went last night to The Praline Connection because it was very close to the B&B we were staying at in NOLA .
The ambiance is cozy and inviting as well .
Sabrina was so helpful with her recommendations and very attentive .
Overall not a great experience , wo n't be coming back .
Ordering was easy & our food was ready in a jiffy ! ! ! !
The burgers were so juicy and good .
Yes , I was ogling everyone 's meals and they all looked wonderful .
The service was incredible - very attentive , but without even noticing they were there .
I almost went inside to request the bill because I was so annoyed by the complete lack of urgency .
The Churros are mouth watering Delisious service was amazing there tacos are fabulous overall they are amazing
The only dessert I did not care for were the eclairs .
He insisted on us ordering a milkshake and i 'm SO GLAD that he did .
They comped it , but did n't try to make amends about the rest of horrible experience .
And then I called back to no answer .
It 's a quiet little spot , and pretty empty when I came in .
We had a few appetizers , my personal favorite was the onion rings and the oysters .
I called Groupon and got a refund from them and reported that Yakuza did not accept it .
We also both got grits -- I thought they were great the ride thought a shade bland .
We had the oysters as an appetizer ( yummm ) then the duck and beef which were delicious as well !
The bartender was SUPER busy when we sat but immediately greeted us and said he would be with us shortly .
The burgers were delicious .
The presentation of the wine list was unique - showing a map of Italy with the different regions and the wine selection .
:-) They gave me extra for my leftovers as well for free , which was nice .
We did nt even eat half our meal and threw it away .
The chicken was the only thing somewhat worth eating .
Upscale and classy all the way , the entrees vary between el seafood es deliciouso and steak .
45 minutes later we still had no table .... we asked to speak to the manager .
We ordered the chicken wings and they were delicious .
My mother tried the gooey butter cake , which she 'd never had before ( my parents were visiting us in St.
Our fried spring rolls were soggy .
Every bit of it was delicious , especially the chocolate sauce .
I think this is one of the most OVER RATED places in StLouis .
It was very frustrating since we booked this as a special night out weeks earlier .
The hibachi was delicious !
I did n't stay in the hotel .
We ordered the blackened alligator and oysters for appetizers , the alligator came out within 15 minutes , and it was alright .
The waiter tried to remove plates while we were still eating from them .
I thought it was going to be an average run - of - the - mill type of place - but I was so wrong .
This is a very kind gesture for those of us who are lactose intolerant .
We were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated ourselves at the bar .
The guac and pico were both very fresh and very tasty .
Amazing experience overall and highly recommend .
Seems Family ran establishment .
The egg roll was okay .
Plus the sauce was more sweet than savory .
It took about twenty or twenty five minutes .
As soon as we sat down , we were already given our waters and within 5 minutes , our food followed .
The food was delicious also !
and we were pleasantly surprised about the whole evening ...
My wife and I were very disappointed with this place .
I 'm calling the news stations , BBB & the Labor Board since the owner wo n't listen either .
We went for brunch and sat in the outdoor patio .
We loved it and ca n't wait to come back and keep supporting the community .
The server was outstanding and very helpful .
Although only a short distance from the French Quarter , Frenchman Street is like stepping into a different realm .
The latte tasted mediocre .
after speaking with management we ended up paying only for the beer .
Our waiter was OK .
( a couple other tables ordered them too .... and theirs were burned too ) Our Mongolian beef was dry and burnt also .
The bananas foster french toast were flaky and sweet goodness .
Someone fucking beat me across my face .
I went with a friend yesterday for a birthday lunch . We got there mid - afternoon and were seated right away .
Also , the bacon was completely dry .
We were in from Phoenix and we found a VERY favorite place to eat whenever we stay or drive through Tucson .
Went for happy hour !
The bread was fresh and soft .
He was a real pleasure to talk to and made for great conversation .
It was sooo delicious and a little something different .
When we got there , it was just a huge empty room with a bunch of tables .
The soup was hearty , filling and sweet .
The waiters were very attentive and gave great advice on the menu !
This is one of my favorite italian places in Tampa .
We would usually head down town , but had to drop little man off at the sister in law 's .
I have a hard time describing the taste other than it is " earthy " ?
Went with my kids and glad we did .
The service : We called the front desk and were on hold for 20 minutes .
Angie was super helpful every step of the way .
We sat outside where at the time there was only one other couple sitting there .
We came in right before close and were seated without issue .
Mazarro 's is fabulous , of course .
The next time we go to Tampa we will definitely stay at the Grand Hyatt .
I am so sad to post this as this was our go - to spot .
There were 2 other groups waiting there as well .
We sat outside on the couches and had drinks and some appetizers .
Great service too , Antoine knew the menu very well and was highly professional .
He looked like he was in one of those hair bands in the 80 's " she said .
All in all is was a great experience .
She promptly delivered our drinks and let us know that Kristen would be taking over serving .
The ice cream was also delicious .
The gentleman we spoke with had no idea what we were talking about but took our number again .
Its tiny and crowded , but the food is so worth it .
My boyfriend had the duck entree .
The highlights for me were the Foie Gras soup ( absolutely terrific ) and the Brook Trout .
The Onion soup was very good .
My dad asked that I not say anything or make a scene , so out of respect , I did n't , however , that bug was the last straw for me .
They sat us right down and it was not very busy around lunch time .
I m really torn on this place .
There was a younger man working who seemed pissed off and literally threw our food together .
After what seemed forever , one of the kitchen personnel walked out .
We ordered two sandwiches for the lunch- oyster po boy and DLT- both were great !
It was a completely different experience this time !
Our friend got the ride of her life , luckily the door opened and she jumped out before it shut ..
Cauliflower pizza was our favourite wood fire taste to it .. delicious .
The vibe inside was really comfy also .
While we were standing there , a man ( who I believe is the owner ) offered to let us sit there !
i stopped in for lunch with my 18mo old daughter and Smiley was SO nice the second we walked in the door .
Walking by , I almost did n't go in , because I m a vegetarian and it looked like there was only meat on the menu .
We had our dog and the waitress brought our dog a cold bowl of water without us even asking .
We ordered a couple of mojitos and we also had another drink , which was okay .
We were lucky to get an inside room facing the courtyard and pool .
The hostess and servers were pretty attentive and got us to our table and our drink order filled quickly .
I selected the almond joy donut and iced vanilla latte .
We really enjoyed our dinner here since we are tapas fans .
Well i walked in and the lady said " We are not open , Probably another hour " .
So the ramen itself was pretty amazing .
We walked upstairs to check out the roof top seating , ca n't wait to sit up there for the summer !
I ordered the chocolate chip walnut cookie , while my sister ordered the Campfire Cocoa cake .
We were seated at 7:33 , but did not get our food until 8:45 .
Most commented it was the best meal they had ever eaten .
We had plenty of room and we pulled up another chair without issue .
It took 1hour and 15 minutes to receive our entrees .
This place was just not my kind of hotel I prefer the smaller hotels away from Bourboun ... had to stay here for work .
No big deal .
so it made things easier haha .
Views of Stearns Wharf and West Beach are Stunning from both Upstairs and Down .
This is old school Italian , and it is very refreshing and much appreciated to see here in our little town .
A friend recommended this to me and we went out to dinner there one night .
In fact , all of the rolls were horrible .
The soda chanh was crazy sweet .
A visit to Vetri Ristorante is a special occasion in itself .
Our new favorite pizza place in Reno .
It 's obvious the people who work there have pride in their environment .
It was like they used only tomato paste , no salt and no actual tomatoes .
We stopped on our way through Indianapolis .
Mike the owner , said hello to us and just made us feel very at home .
The summer corn salad was the best part of the entire meal .
When they arrived on our table , they were soaked with some kind of weird brown juice .
We were seated at a table , given menus and the hostess opened our bottle .
We ordered edamame and the chicken / shrimp dumplings .
The preparation of everything was so wonderfully thought out and you can tell they care about what they do here .
He was attentive , informative , never flinched when we had questions .
first night we found Marmont - and liked it so well we came back for a 2nd night .
The parsnips below were so delicious and sweet which went well with the whole dish .
Shame on you R2L management .
Our server kept our coffee cups full .
Overall experience : meh !
Lucky , I ate beforehand because i was close to being late for work which was around the corner .
Eventually we figured it out and headed over to the other counter where you order .
The clams in white were awesome !
When I called to ask about missing items they could not care less .
The veggies in the soup were cooked perfectly , as were the noodles and chicken .
We had the fruit and granola .
There were not desserts or coffee offered .
Even though we did not go for a special occasion it really felt like it .
The servers never made eye contact with us to ask us if we wanted to be seated .
She said well then we ca n't do any refund .
Horrible , I wish we read the reviews before going in , what a downer this place was !
The young man that seated me was sweet and helpful and showed me to my booth and told me my server would be there soon .
The only draw back was our waiter .
I had made a reservation for this place after the escape room for my fiancé 's birthday .
The next morning we woke up and drove a scooter to Honeys .
We walked up again , after they continued to ignore us , and asked about our table .
Food was delicious ! !
The restaurant and bar really seemed like a different world all together .
The biscuit was huge and incredibly good .
Our beverage and app shortly followed .
We went with some friends and could not have had a worse experience .
It took us a bit to get someone to bring us menus .
I love that they 're close to where we live and open late into the evenings for a quick stop after an evening meeting .
It exceeded all my expectations , especially because we walked by and stopped in without knowing anything about it .
I also partook of their cheeseburger and it was an excellent choice ! ! !
Unfortunately , I forgot that this is the Penn Relay weekend ( huge mistake ) .
My friend and I went to jack in the box at 12:30AM on a Wednesday night .
This place came highly recommended by friends .
We asked our server & she said she forgot .
the food was good
I was n't a big fan of the chicken ( it was cold ) but the pork and the chimichurri was soooo good !
The boys had ice cream , but I wo n't comment because I did not taste it .
They did take it off the bill , after a awkward conversation with the waiter .
Each order comes with 6 dumplings , and it came out steaming hot .
The Hostess was not very friendly and when she seated us in the bar we thought it was not going to be good .
The ambience was pleasant .
I had the buffalo chicken wrap and it was hot , very hot ! ! !
There was so much crab meat and it was buttery and sweet .
A server we had named Nell was absolutely above and beyond .
I ca n't speak to the food ( since we did n't order any ) , but the bar was pretty nice .
it was just ok kind of slow on service when there was n't to many people there .
After explaining to the manager what happened , he spent 5 mins talking about how it was n't kitchen policy .
The garlic loaves were nice !
The prices are a bit high , but most items are imported or hard to find , so it 's kind of understandable .
They have everything and it 's all home cooked u can taste it .
Frankly , The Dish was one of my very special favorite small restaurants in Tucson before they moved across the street .
We honestly could not even chew the ends and the middle was so gummy .
We loved this place so much .
The lobster roll was really good .
One of my friends was getting tired , so we decided to ask for the check shortly after we ate our burgers .
No one offered to take my groceries to my car either .
It only had 2 pieces of shrimp .
There 's little shelter outside and no waiting room inside besides a small bench to the side .
She ( Sara ) came up to me right away with a greeting .
I had never heard of saba fish before but upon the waitress ' recommendation , my father and I ordered it .
I spoke to a man named Tommy , who offered all kinds of excuses about the food before finally offering me a credit .
We have always ordered number 49 and 50 .
I know this because every time I made a request the waiter would literally run to get it .
10 minutes after the shake arrived I was told they were out of the bacon ... my whole reason for ordering the shake .
Nor , did anyone say sorry about the wait .
I do n't know which I liked better , the owner or the ham croqueta sandwich .
We were happily surprised to discover the various ethnic backgrounds in Ybor .
We got our food very quickly , and he checked in on us quite often .
The whole meal was lovely ( my best complement for food ) .
We lived in the Caribbean for many years and were so happy to find Yah Mon What a great place .
On a recent weekend trip to Philly , we stayed at the Hotel Monaco , parked our car , and enjoyed the area .
The waitstaff explained what hors d'oeuvres were being passed and were very friendly .
The sauce tasted like it came from a jar .
It was such a great morning and we happily sauntered a couple blocks over to Puckett 's .
I had the pig ( carved table side ) it was excellent .
The sauces were unique and awesome .
I called the owner David to discuss all of this and he did not take the call or call me back
What a wonderful and unique experience .
The Owners ' Jimmy and Eddie " , super nice , very accomodating and made me feel like family ...
Very nice lady took my order .
They screwed up my order completely and my no apologies .
An Excellent alternative to Lilly 's tacos ( whom is also closed on tuesdays as well )
All - in - all we were there a good 15 min .
The bread was perfectly flaky .
Terrfic chef .
I kindly said that the food was n't ours and that was n't what we ordered .
We were so impressed we made a special trip back out to King of Prussia to eat again that night .
( I did n't order a side salad ) I opted to eat the smaller pieces as they were cooked to my liking .
( and writing yourself fake reviews was n't the solution -- glad Yelp removed them ! )
Our server was less rude to us as the table next to us .
No taking the tea off the bill , no acknowledgement of what happened , nothing .
We have often eaten at this Chili 's and I 've had what I thought were excellent ribs - " fall off the bone good " .
The owner even came out and spoke to us .
The service was exceptional , personable and professional .
All my interactions with the staff , most especially the management , are first class and personable .
Chris was extremely knowledgeable on the menu and its ingredients .
The meal : We got Calamari to start which was terrible .
The beef rendang was so chewy and dry and the mango chicken looks pretty on plate but it was way too saucy and oily !
I brought the food back and pointed out what I found .
Cam saved the day by going above and beyond by delivering the missing item to us and even gave a desert for the inconvenience .
I guess I was expecting a bit more ( food - wise ) , but it was overall a nice experience .
This is truly a hidden gem of a place up up in the mountainous windy roads in Santa Barbara .
It was a disappointing to say the least .
There were many tables at the front of the restaurant where we could have kept the stroller right next to us .
The older man and the young guy was extremely nice .
The food , of which I had the Cuban , and shared the Mofungo [ very interesting taste ] .
I get that it was Valentine 's Day and it was busy , completely understood but it 's the mangers job to smooth over the situation .
Zio 's is honestly one of my favorite pizza places in Philadelphia .
Our group had a whole bevy of small plates .
Made me think Marriott actually cared if we were harmed by broken glass or sucked up like Dorothy !
The service was exceptional .
The beef was nice and tender .
the next morning we came in for brunch , which was pretty much terrible .
The room was also nasty and dirty .
It helps that it 's only three minutes away from our house - thank the gods we finally have something decent in Summerside !
I 'm sorry , but was n't I the one inconvenienced by having to drive back ?
He gave us some great recommendations and made us feel very welcome .
The menu was explained to me in detail , the waiter was very patient and then the food came out amazing .
Friendly greeting and they showed us right to our table .
Our experience was identical to hers .
The heuvos rancheros were nice and light , and our request for sriracha was gladly met .
I just want to watch Law and Order gosh darn it ; p
We were overwhelmed with the quality of the food .
The mint rice was such a nice compliment to the saltiness of the olives .
The whole thing was * covered * in capers .
We loved the bread ( and everything between it ) .
we ordered 2 modelos .
I had a bite of the venison , and it was delicious .
I did n't like that our waiter tried handing us the check when we were still waiting for my husband 's last dish .
Another friend was treated to a world politics lecture by Sam about the evils of American imperialism .
When our food came out it was atrocious .
Tonight the margarita was average , nothing to write home about , and the beer was warm .... yikes !
We all almost broke our necks walking in , and our waiters assistant slipped and knocked over a bucket of ice .
In the end , it did n't even matter because the fish had absolutely no taste .
A real shame , and a real let down after the great appetizers .
It was their responsibility to clarify when they took the order .
Our waiter , Ben , was terrific .
He opted for beer and I opted for wine .
I wish the chairs had backs on them though - we sat indoors and most of the seats are bar stools - so kind of uncomfortable .
Bottleworks earns an A.
Just went here for the first time and it was absolutely fantastic .
it was n't a super modification .
Our waitress was very friendly and the owner came out just to chat with us and make sure we were satisfied .
The staff was very passive about the issue , and told us they only had the burgers available .
We went to eat at 2:15 on Saturday and were told the kitchen closed at 2 .
Right off the bat , we had a warm welcome .
Once we got up and started walking away , the bartender than came out and said " I heard you were asking for a manager ? " .
One of the things my husband remarked about was the size of the pepper ( quite small ) .
I 'm so sad this restaurant closed .
I have to say that I was very disappointed with our last visit .
I wo n't even mention the people ahead of me or their wait times .
The pizza and wings were so good .
The flakey meat had no fishy taste .
I am not a picky eater & rarely complain , but the stuffed shells & parmagiana chicken tasted HORRIBLE ! !
The manager at the time accommodated us .
It was honestly the best salmon I ever had .
Chefon made me feel so at home .
The gumbo was terrible .
Our insurance agency is located next door and we were told we would not be disappointed .
The steamed dumplings were delicious .
I had a good feeling about this place , and I got ta say , it was incredible .
The bread was warm and fresh .
The chicken was not hot so I 'm not sure why we were waiting so long .
The bisque itself was outstanding .
As it was too late to order from Jack 's Place(as we usually do ) , & I remember bookmarking this place .
The bread was OK but nt the best .
Francisco 's On The River was an " alright " experience .
So glad your right around the corner from me .
I m very very dissapointed and her only excuse was that she was too busy .
She did n't ask for drink orders or anything , just brought us some waters without saying a word .
I purchased four saragli , two koulourakia , two kourabiedes , two bakalava , and a small tsoureki for a grand total of $ 26 .
After dinner I meekly and stupidly paid the bill .
We could n't get a table , so we took the two empty seats at the bar .
The salsa was dencent with a nice bite to it .
You put milk and sugar in it yourself from the little nook by the pick up section of the counter .
The food was just average & kinda bland , although I have to say the portions were pretty generous .
I went there because it 's one of the only places in the city that has knafeh .
It was WAY too horseradish - y for me ( and most people in my group ) .
Their half peeled shrimp was literal mush .
However , upon being seated we waited about 10 minutes before water was even brought to us .
The other girl got my honey mustard and our drinks .
When we were finished , our plates sat there until I finally decided to move them to an empty end of the bar table we were at .
My daughter and I flew in from California on a late flight so we did n't arrive at the hotel until past midnight .
Every employee that passed by smiled and said hi or asked if I needed assistance .
The duck fried rice was yummy too .
No one explained the menu to us , the service was only okay and the food was also only okay ...
The sandwich was simple , well put together and absolutely delicious .
So , it really was n't a terrible meal .
Our waitress was extremely nice .
Then I actually ate the food and was beyond impressed .
When our entrees came they were far too salty to eat .
The guy on phone had me screaming my order it seemed really busy and he was super rushed .
Of course , she did n't tell me about it until we left nor did I notice the grapes .
Here for convention and Imo 's was suggested as " The Best " St.
Almost forgot to mention that it is a very good deal as there is a temporary price cut .
The service was friendly and informative .
Everything was on point but even my words wo n't do it justice , definitely check it out !
I had the pulled pork sliders .
Matt made my fiancé feel very uncomfortable by trying to rush our order .
The owner is an old school Italian kinda guy and I had the joy of shooting the shit with him while he heated the slice up .
The little deli belongs in little Italy .
It was absolutely delicious and the service was amazing .
The service was impeccable and attentive , the atmosphere family friendly yet conducive to private conversations .
My pasta was oh so fabulous .
She had a very rude tone the whole time , as if someone ordering a sandwich was ruining her day .
We seated ourselves , waited a few minutes then grabbed our own menus .
All in all this was a great experience .
There were a few people in front of us in line , but the line moved very quickly !
Pork al pastor was delicious !
Most people in Indy do n't know what pizza is .
I could n't tell between the two expressions .
Seriously good shit .
The meat pie was delicious !
My first impression was IMMACULATE .
When I got there , I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was much nicer than other Asian restaurants .
They told us it was a 20 minute wait but called us back in 5 - 10 minutes ( thumbs up !
I do nt know what the managers name was but he was really tall and super friendly .
Our server , Katie , was very personable and friendly and we were in and out of there within an hour .
The dishes we tried were really good .
The food was bland and ill prepared .
Our server was attentive and polite and we never felt like we were waiting for her which was great .
And accordingly , the vegetables that we had were elegantly prepared and excellent .
Went there on a Sunday night and there were only 6 other people in the whole place .
Anyway , the waiter came by , opened the wine and told us about the specials .
We also visited Cafe du Monde but in our opinion Cafe Beignet is much better .
The mash potatoes were too hot .
The food was also mediocre .
The server was very friendly , prompt , and attentive .
The restaurant was clean , and the servers were very friendly and attentive .
This is our favorite place to eat around town .
But ultimately , it was THE COFFEE that really made for a very sub - par experience .
The dessert was blackberry something Alaska , it was okay .
- all the waitresses were congregating by the cash register .
He loved the andouille bisque .
They were fairly busy in the middle of the day when we visited .
We went and visited my grandmother 's old apartment on Chestnut street and then we just started walking around .
Probably just as well since the place was dirty ( crumbs all over the booth seat ) .
Pete neighborhood and I am thrilled to see it is moving " cool " St.
We waited for about 10 minutes for our table and were seated .
It was a bit shaky at times , but it was slammed the whole time we were there and that small space must be tough to work in .
the lettuce wraps were divine .
It makes no sense .
The HVAC is poorly designed ( causing drafts where seats next to each other vary wildly in comfort ) .
The tomato was a bit mealy as well .
My husband and I were looking for a place to have lunch and just so happened to stumble upon this restaurant .
We got there around 6 pm on a Wednesday night and the place was somewhat empty .
We loved the atmosphere and felt the great vibe .
Our most recent visit we were surprised to see that there were new notes on the menu stating " no split checks " .
This has been a consistent experience and it is absolutely ridiculous .
Service : After my boyfriend and I were seated , it took the waiter at least 15 minutes to get us water .
The other thing would be the lack of lighting in the food area near the ice cream bar , it was just so dim .
Debbie was our waitress and she was simply exceptional .
The Lone Server waited on us and on the vets after they arrived .
I fell in love with the taste .
I picked out the meat which was there ( small portion ) .
It 's a shame because I actually liked this place .
I thought the restaurant itself was very clean and especially nice for a quick sit down type of place .
The bottle of wine we got was very good and priced very fairly .
The food we got was very good though .
The french press coffee was amazing as well .
There was also some trash on the floor that had n't been addressed as well .
Our bartender recommended the Tuna topped oysters ( sorry ca n't remember the name ) and I had the lobster ravioli , yum ! !
What a mistake staying here .
* note : we went without our kids .
My husband had the roast beef po - boy , and I had the tuna and shrimp kabob .
The vibe and the environment was cozy .
I did n't realize how close it was to Lower State street and a little walk to the beach .
And there 's not really any place close by , either .
True to a a ladies sense of timing they did n't arrive until 830 .
" I researched Maynard 's for 4 hours last night so I already know what I 'm getting " she said .
It was actually a challenge to drink it .
The fried pickles were also amazing .
There was a leak from the ceiling causing the couch like seat we were seated at to become soaked .
We decided to go were the locals eat .
The red beans and sausage were awesome .
Just stopped by for a quick carry - out and was pleasantly surprised .
When my husband says spicy it is appropriately spicy .
Even the mac and cheese was terrible .
Unfortunately , I do n't have any pictures of the suite because things got a little crazy Saturday night and I lost my phone .
The only complaint was the saltiness of the flatbread .
Ca n't say enough about the taste .
Every dish was executed simply and flawlessly .
When we lived a block away we constantly ate here after church .
We also had the andouille and smoked sausage which were very good .
To say the service was less than attentive is an understatement .
Food was good ... portions were medium sized .
The chicken was outstanding .
Friend , shaking his head in response to her : " No , no . "
The presentation was clean and crisp .
Restaurant is BYOB so we were unprepared , but we will be back !
worst service ever ! ! ! ! ! !
I LOVE This Restaurant ! ! ! !
The whiskey cake was the perfect finish .
Sat at the outdoor bar , by far my favorite place at st .
The food was great ... however the wait staff was so bad it was incredible .
We ordered several appetizers to share - queso fundito and flautas de pollo .
We do n't know what that issue was .
Our food came promptly .
It was not overpowering in any way .
My main was fantastic , as well as everything else food .
We had to wait 10 minutes to be seated though the Reasturant was half empty .
Our waiter Don was one of the best ; funny , kind and very attentive .
Like it literally makes me want to tear my hair out its so bad .
( Highly recommended ) the red fish was awesome as well .
The place was NOISY .
My visit this Saturday was a complete zero from the time we walked in ....
Their food was delicious .
I do n't know what 's so Southern about these green beans .
The pasta was amazing !
The scallops were perfectly cooked and succulent .
I really did n't like how the manager ( ? ) treated the woman helping me like she was stupid .
So pleased that we found this spot before our trip back home .
This is the first place we stop when we drive up from Atlanta , Georgia .
Overall first time dining experience was a major let down .
We 're so happy this place is in Valrico !
The smores were a fun little dessert .
It was delicious AND he gave it to us on the house !
My fiancé had stewed chicken and I had the curried chicken- both were excellent .
The Parmesan Sandwich was overwhelmingly tasteless with peppers and onions the only distinctive taste that stood out .
Praline bacon was the 1st one we tried and it was a tough act to follow !
All the staff was quick and extremely attentive , Renata provided me with great recommendations .
the server brought 3small pieces of toast to hold us over .
The caramel ricotta crepe was DELICIOUS and very well prepared .
The wine was OK .
The service was fine , we did n't stay long to really gauge much of that and it was pretty empty .
Very happy we found this place !
the service was great -- attentive , but not * too * attentive .
The tuna was good but the bisque and flatbread were so over salted , they were unenjoyable .
After a few sips I did not even notice the smoke .
It looked pretty small on the outside but inside it was warm and friendly .
Terrible , terrible , terrible service .
We had a very friendly , attentive waitress and the food was delicIous .
They joked around with us as well which is always appreciated however , overall I found the meal very lackluster .
The decor was reto fifties ( very cool ! ) .
Needless to say , this is our new favorite place to eat in Manayunk !
The staff were all very friendly and helpful also !
He checked in with us several times throughout our meal .
Went here with 4 other people for our friend 's birthday and it was great ! !
The bar burger was huge! .... Unbelievably !
I called immediately and spoke with the manager and was told that the enchiladas would been taken off my bill .
The music was delightful and it was a really fun way to cap off our vacation in NOLA .
However , once we sat down , and handed menu 's , I knew this was gon na be good .
Then the young man brought us a sample of the barbecue and it was the best that I ever tasted .
honestly this place is hit or miss .
We had the option of selecting an outdoor or indoor table and selected the outdoor option .
Hasta que por fin logramos disfrutar de este lugar !
My husband 's meal was somewhat better , but we probably wo n't be back .
I went around 10:00 am and we were able to be seated right away .
I had the French Toast w/ Italian Sausage ( which was homemade and very authentic [ not to mention spicy ] ) .
That was n't honored when I called for my next order .
Our server was very friendly and polite , and checked in with us quite often .
We just barely parked in the next closest lot and had to hoof it a couple of blocks .
My sister - in - law and I visited this restaurant on 8/28/15 mid afternoon .
He looked right at us and kept walking - OK , guess we 're not at his station .
We had a family reunion at the casino del sol .
I was super drawn in to the risotto but it was a little disappointing .
Our server Nonda was very kind and most certainly very Greek !
The French fries were amazing ! !
In fact , there was only one thing I remember about the evening .
Pecan pancakes were delicious .
The waiter understood just by looking at it , and he took it off our check .
The cheese was thick .
The service was excellent , extremely friendly .
It 's just a personal preference , but for us , it makes it just slightly better .
It 's not cheap ; it 's AFFORDABLE -- extremely affordable .
What I really liked about it was that it was n't a glob of cheese .
Frank , you demonstrated why this place is so special .
I rarely ever set foot in here .
I was extremely surprised when I got a call a few days after dinner from their staff to ask me about my experience .
They put the tater tots closest to me and I ca n't control myself , so no one else at the table got tater tots .
The service was great for us as there was only one other table being served .
Only thing that 's holding me back from going there again is the service it 's sad to say
The food came out quickly and tasted so good .
My favorite local Chinese restaurant .
The food was fantastic .
We saw other people in tables next to us that ordered like , 20 oysters at once .
They let it sit there for 2 hours while we drank as much as we could .
The scallops I had were a bit more salty than I expected though .
When we arrived we were informed the time was moved to 1009 with no explanation provided as to why the later time .
Not a big fan , wo n't go back / order delivery .
She seated us right away and sent us two orders of garlic bread ( which we later found out were comped ! ) .
I would not have guessed it was a Greek place judging by the exterior .
Neither woman made an attempt to be friendly , let alone apologetic or accommodating in any way .
ETA : I went back for lunch today and everything was hot and fresh .
Their response is " Sorry , we got backed up . "
It was char - grilled to perfection , tender and sooo flavorful .
The warm tortilla chips and salsa were quite tasty .
My husband and I just moved right around the corner and I knew that living that close would be dangerous .
My wife 's filet was cooked to perfection and was a great piece of meat .
We got the coconut shrimp which was ok ... definitely over fried .
I stood and waited there while the counter person kept telling it would only be " just a couple minutes more " .
My sister and I then split the pizza with the spicy Bianca pizza .
The mussels were incredible as well as the oysters .
The mashed potatoes were rather gummy - the broccoli and salmon were OK .
We had drinks outside at the poolside tiki bar .
I was shocked and wanted to hit her hand out of my face .
It feels like they lost their vision .
We sat and waited , checking out their menu .
5 employees sat around talking to each other .
so we called back , asked to speak with the owner .
The funny thing about this was after we ordered it , I could see them scrambling to find it .
Ca n't wait for our next visit .
-Seared Scallops - I did n't eat them but my friends thought they were scrumptious .
We took one bite of the burger and threw out the food .
We had a word with the manager , and got a free cocktail each for our trouble .
We were staying next door at the Holiday Inn and Suites and wanted an easy place for dinner .
She never came back with the answer but that was ok .
They essentially tossed me my food without saying even " thank you " or " come again " .
This place was honestly delicious .
I had a Monte Cristo sandwich per the waitresses recommendation and I wo n't lie , it was pretty disappointing .
Soon after arriving we were given bread and bruschetta .
Our server never let us empty our glasses and the mimosas were very heavy on the champagne , so we all got a bit tipsy .
All 5 of us each ordered an 18 wheeler(awesome deal for $ 9ish bucks ) and ate it with no complaints !
While we did wait , we each partook in a sazerac , that would knock your socks off .
It 's more of a treat spot .
The side dishes were delicious !
We were all really happy with our food .
This was absolutely my favorite place to eat when I lived in Nashville .
The establishment was super clean and well kept .
I am not an oyster person , but I know the chargrilled ( or charbroiled , I ca n't remember ) are very very good .
My wife sent her collard greens back and got onion rings , which were ok .
I ate it anyway and hurled later that night .
Ca n't wait to come back and eat our bread pudding .
One thing I can tell you , it was a very good size .
It 's definitely a little piece of history .
They text message you when your table is ready , so were able to walk around the quarter while we waited .
My friend actually had to take some off because it was overwhelming .
We got two drinks -- julep and one of their other ones with gin , both of which were utterly average to bad .
After ordering , we sat for over an hour waiting for our food .
Not much conversation and some fork passing was had- everything was incredible .
and finally our server stopped by to tell us she would be right back ...
They do n't take reservations so it 's really luck of the draw coming here .
We sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly and helpful .
I ca n't wait to go back --- really the bread set the stage for the whole dinner !
The wife ordered the chicken flautas ( $ 10.99 ) and she was pleasantly surprised ( that 's what she said ! ) .
We love Dani , Kristy , Jessie , Dan , Nina and all the rest !
My new favorite local pub and restaurant .
The kicker came when I asked if they were already reserved and she said , " no " .
My aunt and uncles favorite restaurant .
They were perfectly seasoned and the sauce served with them was delicious .
Plus , the air vents are downward next to the grill , so the smoke is minimal .
The shame is that the reviews on this place are going to differ drastically depending on what time and day you come .
The manager refused to make anyone leave the place , even patrons who had been there 4 or more hours .
As for the food , we had the cheese sampler , Cesar salad , and chicken .
We had two lobster bisque cups .
Our server was really nice .
I am a huge fan of Gennaro 's .
Then the waiter did not thank us for coming .
This is a nondescript restaurant in suburban Kenner , a short drive from the airport .
Unfortunately , I could n't taste the pepper .
In fact we cancelled our Valentine 's Day reservation after this experience .
We could n't go upstairs because there was an event but def doing back tomorrow !
Everything we put on our plates was cold or lukewarm .
We also shared a cup of gumbo .
What a great place for breakfast ! !
Btw they 're drinks are very good too !
The best part of the whole evening was the service .
On the whole it was a delicious breakfast .
Our meals were very good and the food was all fresh and hot and very nicely presented .
We received excellent service ( and conversation ! ) from there on out .
No offense , but it 's ladies ' night and we need to swear and act like fools in a semi - private location .
the only person 's I 've ever liked more was my grandma 's ..
We just hosted an event for my husband last weekend and it was wonderful .
My friends and I came during happy hour and the bar was packed , so we sat in the dining area .
Our wait time was quite extensive ( 1 hour 30 minutes ) .
Above and beyond for an honest mistake .
I really was nt expecting much but it was juicy and flavorful despite the fact I ordered it medium well ( I know I know ) .
They 're a bit tangy and sweet .
We also ordered 10 buffalo chicken wings and they were awful .
An observant manager noticed our perplexed faces , and lack of food or drink , and asked if everything was alright .
That meant a lot to me .
The vegetables were also really good ; they were nicely cooked and fresh .
We arrived at a perfect time as there was no wait .
Whatever , I 'm being all mushy about things but it was sweet to me for some reason .
Ok pizza - Margarita pie was burnt !
The hotel was very clean , especially the rooms , and nothing was taken / stolen during cleaning when we were gone .
The family who owns it also seem very sweet !
It was the tiniest 1.5 crabs ever .
Both dishes were amazing .
The food was abysmal .
Food was tasty and service was really courteous
We walked into the restaurant .
They showed you descriptions of the beer as well as how much of the keg was left .
We arrived a bit later and were seated outside right away .
Our waitress Sierra was very attentive and sweet !
The ambience and decor were nice .
We were literally about to leave when we got service .
They do n't even know the difference b / w chicken karhai and Salan that was really disappointing .
The salmon was perfectly cooked , juicy and flaky .
Cuban sandwich and stuffed potatoes were very good
The icing was not sweet at all and it was greasy .
The manager said it was because they had the window open earlier and comped the drinks , which we appreciated .
Since it was the day before my wife 's birthday and our last night visiting New Orleans , we went for the Wagyu beef tenderloin .
When the food came out everything tasted great ( the fries are AMAZING ) .
The food was delicious !
The least they could do is set a heat lamp outside since waiting outside seemed like it happens to everyone .
When we walked inside the music downstairs was so loud it sounded like a Salsa club .
The atmosphere was the best part .
The margarita drinker in the group declared that it " was good . "
My brother and I , we 're pretty friendly , non - pushy people .
Mine was the pastrami and the meat was very flavorful .
The garlic naan was tasty .
The best thing about the salad was the avocado ...
Ca n't wait to try dinner at Kanella , especially since Kelly W.
They only had one type of bread , sour dough , which I thought was strange .
We were seated in the side cafe , which was perfect .
Everyone at the table ordered some sort of Dutch baby pancake and we were all blown away .
There was a long line waiting out the door when we left .
We stopped in the bakery on the way home .
Larry was taking very good care of us and was on point with taking care of my guest first in all that we ordered .
It 's a nice little restaurant .
The food was awesome .
This does n't affect my view of the place , but the plate was so dang hot !
For dessert we shared the fried ice cream ... very very delicious .
I asked him why the menu said sauce and he just shrugged his shoulders .
I do have to say this is one of my favorite places to celebrate happy hour .
The food we ordered was just lousy .
When I asked for topping suggestions the guy hung up on me .
We made a reservation to go here with our children on Sunday evening solely based on the high Yelp rating .
No complaints here , considering that meant we got to the tasting quicker !
My mom was also very happy about this place .
We each said " this is the best burger I have ever had " .
We brought two bottles of wine which they kept in the back .
There was always someone there to quickly help you ; they worked as a team , from the mangers , waitress / waiters to the busboys .
I can say that there were 0 disappointments the entire night !
All three dishes were equally beautiful and delicious .
The tres leches cake was fantastic as well .
They sat us within 5 minutes and then took 40 minutes to even bring out sodas .
Mind you I already paid with my visa when I ordered , her behavior made me feel awkward as if I had done something wrong .
We wandered in with high expectations .
The food was absolutely amazing !
We asked about it and they said they would bring it out , and they never did - so womp womp .
The reason for her choice became clear when the dishes arrived .
The music was good but that was the only good thing
This place is just horrible , , , , , I have tried this place twice and i will never go back .
We were there on a Tuesday night & the restaurant was not crowded .
he got the picture YAY !
I ordered a croque - monsieur , which came nicely toasty with a generous helping of sliced tomatoes .
It came in a big stainless steel bowl that rested over an open flame to keep it warm ( see photos ) .
They do not sell any alchohol at all , but did let us bring in wine ( hilariously out of place ! )
I 'm so glad that we stopped here because this is exactly how I like New York style pizza .
The cinnamon French toast was very good .
My fiance told me we were going to an Authentic Japanese Restaurant and it was so perfect .
We then moved to the veal .
there were other things that bothered me too like how little soup they gave you lol ..
My husband and I shared a burger but they brought us the wrong one .
It was nearly impossible to put on makeup even though they had a nice magnification mirror in the bathroom .
I purchased some banana bread , a mini lemon cheesecake , and an eclair .
Felt like he was part of our group !
The sashimi I had was a large portion , but the tuna was clearly dyed as it was so red it was nearly purple .
Co - workers from South America say it 's very authentic , too .
Their in house warm baked apple pie was the topper of the eve ( had good wine /beer rejections too )
This was SUCH a wonderful time ...
The wait however was horrid !
I 've only had pho one other time , and it was in Ho Chi Minh City(aka Saigon Vietnam ) , so expectations were high , but met !
Oh and yes , there just happened to be a person staring at me in shock .
I 'll give you the rundown of what we ordered .
All the same , miserable and almost like you are inconveniencing them just by walking in the door .
The decor and ambiance was fabulous , the servers were so very attentive , and the food was delicious !
We would have loved to sit in a booth but NONE WERE AVAILABLE AND CLEAN ! !
There 's food to make ! "
The waitress even tried , and the people behind us and across from us had the same issue .
The food is delicious ! ! .
Restaurant was small so was worried it would be busy but was pretty dead when we walked in .
my friend and I had reservations and were seated in the last seat on a busy Wednesday night .
When he set it down she exclaimed with delight , " He knew exactly what I wanted ! "
He brought back the correct order 10 minutes later ; however , his behavior really ruined the experience .
The waitress apologized and gave me a fresh glass .
Wait was a little long but there were 5 of us and it was Sunday morning .
I did n't taste the bacon .
The biggest win for the evening was Lagunitas on tap .
We take a walk and about ten minutes later we get a text that the table is ready .
We ordered a bunch of small plates , and I felt like everything was just too rich , creamy , and salty for me .
Eventually the waitress came back to get our food order , which took forever to arrive .
When we arrived , the place was jam packed , and we knew there would be quite the wait .
We told her what happened and within a few minutes she returned with a banana pudding as a consultation .
Almost made me glad there were only 5 pieces in that roll !
The wine was excellent .
The Good - Burger was yum ( El Matador ) // They have a good beer selection // The staff is nice and attentive .
You could add cheese if you wanted ( I wanted but my husband didn't - i lost :(
The donuts were moist and warm and extremely tasty and were probably the best I have ever had .
I had the noble calzone and my husband had the pork chop which melted in your mouth ! ! !
The food was fried to perfection .
We were told the wait was 30 minutes- awesome .
The coffee was great ( most important thing in my opinion ) and the food was also good .
There was a large group of us so we just ordered one of each off the happy hour menu .
We saw all the people eating here so we decided it must be a good place to go ! !
I was hesitant since I live right near pats , genos , and my close neighbor , Rosario 's ; however I was not disappointed .
Loved the garden outside !
The Osso buco was hard , dry & so salty it was inedible .
The food was wonderful .
The location felt urban / industrial but also reasonably safe .
Most of our conversation consisted of " what ? "
I stopped in last night for a quick bite to eat and really liked the atmosphere .
However , I suppose that was the perfect time to go because the pizzas were two for one !
It was so bad it burned off the skin and started bleeding .
Scallion pancakes were delicious .
This was almost like a cornucopia .. they really do make you feel like emperor and empress haha !
Even the fries were amazing .
Our server was clueless ... like we seriously thought she was lost in the restaurant .
i did n't even order one i just stole from my friends but they were just that .
The steak was cooked perfectly and was very tender ( not the best I 've ever had but close ) .
Food was fresh and the staff helped us decide our plates .
I went on Yelp to see what was around my hotel and noticed that Harrah 's casino was right across the street .
She knew in detail about every item on the menu ( as we ask a lot of questions ! ) and took great care of us .
Completely unprofessional , horrible service , and a waste of money .
We sat at the tables in the bar section and it was extremely delightful with a chill ambiance .
The old stupid guy informed us they do n't make this food .
They forgot one of our orders , and did n't bring it to us until we were almost done eating .
We really enjoyed our server and the food .
The food come out very quickly and it is phenomenal ! ! !
I just ordered soup since I was n't all that hungry to begin with , and it was just ok .
Eclipse Pizza has been our favorite pizza place for years .
We had n't seen eachother since elementary school and got reacquainted through Facebook so this was a pretty special dinner .
This place is terrible
We could hear each other very well during our meeting and everyone had only good things to say about this place .
My family lives an hour or so North from there , so they figured it would be a treat ....
We waited 25 minutes and when sat , noticed at least 7 open tables .
We stopped by to see the hotel , but did n't stay there as guests .
However , we stopped back here for breakfast on our way back home and were very disappointed !
I did however get some cracklings to go and they were DELICIOUS ! ! ! ! ! !
The best part of our meal were the fountain drinks .
Decided to go here after the place we were originally going to had a long wait , and it was a great choice .
Claims no one told her we were there .
The fries were very crunchy .
Zeppoli 's is great because it is also a BYOB , so we sat down and were given wine glasses immediately .
The reasons I 'd come back :
My boyfriend and I went here back in April for my birthday breakfast and we loved every little bit of it .
10 minutes later the bartender came out to take our drinks .
The waitress was really nice and accomodating .
We are on our honeymoon and stayed just a block away !
The food was really bad .
The place is run by Ms.
12/5 Update- I ate at the original Lorenzo and Sons pizza in Philadelphia and their pizza was much much better .
And # 2 - the wait was very long .
This place was awesome ! ! ! ! ! !
No one in our group left hungry .
Ok ... that is a good sign , we headed down to check it out .
It was actually a pleasant surprise because that 's one of my new favorite types of cuisine !
The drinks that were ordered came out quick and were pretty good which gives this review 4 stars out of 5 .
There were two four - tops , but they refused to seat us because we were three .
My parents also ordered from the big bowl menu and my brother got the chicken Katsu which was yummy .
The chicken was on the dry side .
We drove from Effingham to take my brother out for his birthday .
Caitlin was my server / bartender and she was adorable !
The pork was crispy , juicy , and delicious .
Did n't like the pizza though .
The waitresses were all really friendly , and the food was cooked quickly and was good .
To me , it really all comes down to the meat and the sauce .
The atmosphere : We went in on a Sunday for brunch so it was crowded .
We went for lunch and it was not busy as all .
The restaurant is located right by the beach so parking can be an issue , but luckily we found a spot right away .
upon arriving , my friend Charlie and i are told there is not seating available inside .
We stopped off on the way to wine tasting in Los Olivos and had a lunch .
The main issue was that it took 19 minutes to receive my food .
My girlfriend took me there for my birthday dinner , and it was incredible !
The ribs were flavorful as well .
I asked for a straw for my water and my server said " there 's no water in there . "
The gentleman behind the counter did n't speak , smile or engage with us at all , I felt like I was at a vending machine .
Hmmm but this place is called subs & gyros , well we all order tacos .
My husband said no we did n't .
They used small croutons , rather than one large slice of bread , which made the soup so much easier to eat !
We were given the wrong food and had to wait even longer for our correct order .
We stopped in at this Del Taco despite a series of bad reviews and we are glad we did !
I went during the late afternoon , so there were only a few other customers in the place when we walked in .
They had a bucket under it that only caught half the water leading to about an inch of standing water on the floor .
I would suggest making a reservation as there are only about 12 tables total - & it 's BYO so bring your own wine .
The creamed spinach was delicious .
I definitely scraped the remainders of it off the shells with my bread ( that was warm and soft ) .
Loved this location and ca n't wait to go back !
Most of the dishes were excellent .
I found the atmosphere very relaxing .
we just felt other tables were getting WAY more attention than us .
First course came while we were still eating our soup .. so we had 2 plates in front of us on a cramped table .
Prolly the best local pizza in St.
Someone ( I think it was a manager ) came to our table to say sorry about the wait but that was it .
The pudding was awesome , but the sentiment was even better .
We were told that the " owner was hosting them at his private table . "
It 's a pretty good go to spot .
Owner came out and asked if we liked the pizza ...
The lobster sandwich was AMAZING ! !
We each went home with leftovers .
the owner / waiter / server was fantastic in explaining the process which really impressed us .
The fruit came out frozen was a little hard to eat .
So I said that and said well we are literally the only people in the drive thru , like what difference does it make ?
No sweet tea .
He obviously did n't mention it to the kitchen .
The catfish was plain .
The filling in the margarita donut was a little too tart for me , but the hubby really enjoyed it ( we shared ) .
Not only your waiter , but the whole staff .
We arrived at 5:45 -- pretty early for dinner -- and were told a 20 - 30 minute wait , which turned into a 45 minute wait .
Brilliant concept and let me tell you -- the seats were super comfortable .
In the middle of the night , our shower blasted on and the water ran for a hot minute --- it freaked me out ! ! !
Buying the tickets was a breeze , and the atmosphere was inviting .
It was cool to see the chefs working on the pizzas right behind our table and I especially loved the tomato cans as stands .
Catfish , cabbage , potatoes , honey chicken and shrimp fried rice .
None of the housekeeping staff will say hi in the hallways ... which is a sure sign they are not happy here !
We called in advance to make reservations for a group of 7 and were told they did n't take reservations .
This entire thing was poorly handled , disturbing and unsettling not only to the customers but the other staff .
We had a simple question about the beers on special and she became quite defensive .
The hostess repeatedly took calls from people phoning in take out orders and had no time to seat us .
That 's when I figured out why one of the girls made a strange look .
They ended up getting it put in and brought out fairly quickly after we said something but no apologies were made .
My friend ordered the steak fajita 's and I got the soft chicken tacos .
This was the worst stop of my entire trip .
I did n't make a fuss , I 'll act with my wallet - they wo n't ever see me again !
Very gross.not to mention it took 25 minutes to get our check so we could leave .
Five of us dined here and we all loved the food !
I 've spent less than 20 hours in St.
The reviews on the food were super helpful .
We had been in the car for over 5 hours so we were guzzling water with no abandon .
The nicest part was the free cocktails and snack during happy hour .
I almost did n't order because I thought it would be this huge 8 piece order .
I know what you 're thinking ... but Todd First Watch and Pinky 's are way more expensive .... Bullsh#t .
We sat down and were promptly served a nice cool glass of ice water .
You even had to pay for bread .
had to go to the hostess station and they had
Everything we ordered was great - Queen Roll , Sweet Heart Roll , Summer Roll , plus some individual sushi pieces .
What little chicken I did eat had a off putting flavor and texture .
The chicken and garlic sauce was the highlight .
It was also harder to see the " open " sign cause of the sun but with a closer look we were able to see it was .
I highly , highly recommend this restaurant
The hotel was quiet and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful .
We ordered two pizzas both horrible .
Although I understand that it was very busy , they pretty much ignored us with no apologies at all .
Terrible idea .
That 's saying something because its the only thing she orders for breakfast .
The rolls were big ( 8 pieces for the ones I ordered ) .
Half the space was empty.my husband ordered a Cabernet Sauvignon and I had white sangria .
Our waiter , as expected , was impeccable .
so yeah def come here and ask about kyle .
Fries -- great -- and this was after having to walk it back to my office a half mile away ( yes , in the cold ) .
The ambiance of this quaint little place was bright , clean and full of sunshine !
The duck fat fries were amazing .
After finally waving down a waitress , we finally got a menu with a heavy sigh on the side as if we were troubling the staff .
It is even more comfortable than the Cinna bistro , the reclining chairs are awesome .
It 's the reddish brown colored stuff in the over sized pepper shaker at the tables *
i stumbled upon this pizzeria as it 's directly across from the Barnes Foundation .
My husband got the mac and cheese which was oh so cheesy and velvety smooth ! !
The beer lady was friendly and helpful .
My wife and I had happy hour here and thoroughly enjoyed it .
Lucky for all of us Pho Friendly being the only Vietnamese place in the Trenton / Ewing / Lawrence area it happens to be fabulous .
We chose a table behind the bar so we could watch the football game .
The food that we had was good .
We waited for about 20 to 25 minutes .
While we were waiting for my buddy to show up , we perused the menu which has quite the variety of options .
I was very disappointed , I had even asked the waitress about it before I ordered it .
The girl taking my order was SO NICE and awesome .
There was barely any seafood ( two shrimps , two oysters , two mussels ) .
When we asked for the manager , he was rude and dismissive .
I was glad I put this address in the nav system because at night and the first time there it 's a little hard to find .
We sat outside to enjoy the beautiful morning and brunch did not disappoint !
Only downside is these guys are waaaaay too busy .
There was absolutely NO parking .
Very glad that they are located about a mile from my house !
The first three ( on top ) were OK , the last three ( on the bottom ) were not good at all .
The ingredients tasted fresh and delicious .
The punk was amazed at all the bottle caps glued to every surface in the place .
The falafel was freshly fried and it was a nice mix of moist and crispy .
We had to stand outside in the 20 degree weather until all members of our party arrived .
The wait was n't terrible .
It really was a great experience - the food and cocktails were also amazing .
We were seated at a high - top by the bar , not my favorite spot , but it will do .
The woman was very nice .
The tofu was a little bland .
I ordered the banana foster filled french toast and the hubby got the poutine .
All of the food was amazing .
Was n't too uptight , was n't snobbish , our waiter was very easy going and greeted us by name as we entered .
We were greeted warmly initially , and the warmness continued throughout our visit .
The only thing wrong was stomach size ! ! !
The to go boxes had fingerprints all over them and the entree plates were n't much better .
It 's a shame I did n't stumble upon this one sooner .
We paid for our meal in full and left with a bloody rip in my pants .
He was nice and funny and he was always on the look out for anything we needed .
The okra was crunchy and perfectly salted !
We sat inside an enclosed porch that bright and airy .
Every time I go there the service is terrible nd today they did n't have anything except pulled port .
Well , in our case we did n't have another choice .
He comes back about 20 minutes later when I 'm about done and was like oh was it good .
Yes , the meatloaf was wrapped in bacon , but I think there were bacon crumbles on top , too .
The food was good but wow ..... it took an hr to bring it out .
Food is ok .. view is amazing .. service is attentive .
I let one of the servers know that we were leaving because no one helped on us at all .
Overall , I think I just ended up getting the wrong thing , but I really was n't impressed .
This was the most expensive poboy I 've had all week and it was pathetic .
Our waiter was Logan , a 19yr old college student who knows more about food and wine than anyone i ve ever met .
Instead of turning us away , they graciously sat us and served us a fantastic meal .
I heard no complaints .
We were told to ask for Mary and truly she was the sweetest waitress alive .
This is a very unique place because it is so unassuming .
The outside experience , on the other hand , was quite the opposite of pleasant .
It 's a gorgeous place to dine .
Oh the flan save some room ... it was superb .
I took my mom here when she came to town , because I took her to all of my favorite spots in town .
It did n't take long for the food to come out .
They were VERY short of staff yesterday but the waiter was extremely sorry & did the best he could !
I do n't remember what my parents ordered but everything was delicious and everyone was happy with their meals .
The food was tasty .
He told us to get up and wait in a corner near the bar !
And then I called back a while later and they answered like nothing had ever happened .
The food taste like cheap buffet food .... very bland ! !
What a cute place w great food !
After telling the woman she very rude ... she told me I was attacking her ? ? ?
The etouffee itself was terrrrible ; no flavor , no character , NOTHING .
The atmosphere was beautiful and staff was very knowledgeable .
Last night was a total bust at El Camino .
The first time around the place had been uncomfortably warm .
Everything was fresh , the meat was tender and moist .
The atmosphere was nice and small .
Glad we tried it , everything was delicious .
I bite in , but all I could taste was the burnt crust .
I was at this restaurant yesterday ... and I have to say that my entire family was disgusted of their food !
I almost bought one to take home .
The service seemed a bit disorganized .
Plus our food was cold .
It seems like a true tapas place even though they are n't really that at all .
the food was ok .
The food was OK .
The food was ok .
If they do n't seat because the kitchen is backed up it makes no sense .
Seeing the Trinidadian flag hanging out the door , I knew I had to take my mother there !
The patio area was cute , but the chairs were pretty uncomfortable .
It was sort of like eating at a glorified food truck .
my friend and I are Bloody Mary fanatics and when we found out they had them , that was THAT !
The manager came around to check on our meal , and we gave him his honest feedback .
They comp'd our food for the delay , and gave a gift card to return as well .
It 's so mouthwatering delicious I drove back from New York just to get it !
I settled on the breakfast burrito w / potatoes for my meal and it was soooo good !
Great service and great food ! !
The broth was delicious and spiciness level was a 5 .
They actually gave us an extra course of the Hallibut to make up for it - which was awesome .
Good thing we did .
The pasta was fine but felt a tad overcooked .
Every scrap of the cinnamon French toast was eaten .
Service was a little slow but it was a busy Saturday night , so it was understandable .
The food and drinks ( we did the pairing menu ) were great , with the exception of the pork which was extremely salty .
The service is friendly and very accommodating .
The atmosphere was nice but laid back .
Budlight $ 3 @ happy hour .
The frescas were delicious ( the lime , ginger , cucumber one in particular ) .
The items were all great .
10 minutes later we just walked out .
Just wad quite disappointed with the bagel itself .
I would n't say they 're better than any other place , but they were satisfying .
The soup was really good .
There were some tables to dine in and there was seating in the window on stools .
It was a great experience ans it definitely met my high expectations for the place .
Luckily we stopped here on our way out of New Orleans so I bought an extra one for the trip home-- that 's how good it is !
We thought the gelato was delicious , but quite frankly we were completely out of room .
I was torn whether to give Ralph 's three stars or four , but went with four because of the food .
I took one look at the large greasy slice in front of my eyes and knew I had made an adequate decision .
Every one in our party complained about the over use of salt .
After waiting about 10 minutes , I was told it was coming .
Chef Hector I enjoy your food and I enjoy your hospitality .
She got right into line behind me and ordered the same thing , and I hope she enjoyed it .
It was a huge burrito , stuffed to the max , and only $ 6 ! !
The bartender was very welcoming and friendly , and chatted us up a bit .
My parents remembered it being hard to even get a table at 5 .
They close at 10 , so we managed to get a seat just in Time .
The service was timely and courteous .
Upon our arrival we realized that the space was small but well furnished .
It was n't a lasting heat as I was afraid of ..
I enjoyed a drink at the bar while we waited , where we watched one of the chefs bottle up the homemade pickles .
We loved this place !
Room was clean , maybe a little small but it did n't matter because we spent very little time in the room .
We were taking up too much space .
And watching the bar tender make all the fancy drinks was very entertaining !
I am saddened that Buenos Aires closed it 's doors for good .
Our second favorite place to watch a sunset .
Second , I was appalled when the singing trio came to our table and placed thier carafe to put tips into right in front of me .
When I was there it took forever to get a drink because of how " busy " it was , but like I said it was mostly expected .
Both meals were incredible .
All of the waiters I saw looked and acted somewhat inexperienced .
We were able to buy " juice boxes " of wine and no one cared that we were drinking them in public on the street .
We saw them put paper in the food .
The morning after eating there I felt so weak and nauseous .
The burgers were ok .
The order taker on the phone repeated my order back to me twice and the driver was courteous .
Looks a bit shady from the outside and definitely would n't have stopped if we were n't told the place was good .
We do n't live in the area and I hate that we wo n't be able to come back often , because we totally would ! !
All staff was very friendly .
We ate here yesterday and we 'll be paying another visit before we leave NOLA .
My friends and I split a salad and the fried risotto balls .
Actually was given a tour immediately as they realized we were first timers .
No one checked on us after the food came out .
It had pasta in it , I do n't remember exactly what it was called , but it was good .
The naan we got was dry and tasteless and almost burnt on the bottom .
I called them and explained the story .
I did n't catch the guy working behind the counter 's name but he was super nice and helpful as well .
What excited me the most was that they used real sliced turkey and not deli thin processed turkey .
The location was nice .
The girl who works behind the counter is an absolute sweetheart .
The bread was pillowy and tasty !
Daniel P was our server and he was awesome !
I really loved our meal here on NYE .
This place was so chill and relaxing .
This was the perfect choice .
The serving staff was willing to let me try it before I ordered it which was very thoughtful .
Every bite was perfect .
We just walked around the place for hours .
Tucked in a small strip mall ( I know , right ?
Bf got the gator burger and thought it was terrible(-1 star ) .
We then waited and did n't see any come out for 20 minutes .
Ca n't go wrong with these choices !
I actually think JB DAWSON 's is the reason we went back after our dinner .
Fair is fair .
We ordered an omelet and the French toast .
The decorations and the service were amazing .
My Absolute favorite place in Reno !
That is where it all went down hill .
This was the only meal and common food item shared between the three of us , and it 's clear that Mr. B 's was the issue .
It took too ing for the food to come to our table .
Our bread had barely cooled off before we were served our entrees .
It 's like an instant headache !
The iced coffee was great and as a bonus , their bathroom was extremely nice and clean .
Should have listened to other reviews -- we were kind of disappointed .
The family in one of the tables had just walked in ahead of me , so they were being attended to first .
I really wanted to like this place because I have work trips to Indy regularly and I stay right down the street from it .
The workers were rude and dirty .
So far , it is the best Japanese place I 've found in St.
At least when it was sho - me 's you had " scenery "
Not a huge fan of the tootsie rolls in the pizza box next the pizza though .... they get all gummy next to the hot pizzas ... yuck !
The hostess said it was n't necessary then sat 3 two tops that arrived much later than us .
It took the waiter quite awhile to notice I was n't eating and when he came over and asked I explained that it was inedible .
I do n't think it was anything we did because the only interaction we had with her was when we ordered and received our food .
The place was clean and very pretty .
The cook came out to the table to check on things and was very friendly .
Liked the atmosphere as well as it was very relaxed .
We put our name down for optionality , and not 7 minutes later we were texted that our table was ready .
I highly recommend this place :)
Went here based on recommendations and so glad we did .
While we paid for drinks and my meal the manager sneered at us , very uncomfortable .
When we asked about it , they said it would be right out , but our entrees came out first !
It seems we 're not the only ones whose order he screwed up .
Our waitress did n't even return to our table the entire time we were there .
Our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable regarding which cheeses were what , what they were similar to , etc .
Then we got two slices of pizza to share came out crispy and burned on the crust .
I was so impressed that Frank poured each glass and then explained a little about the wine I was about to taste .
Def recommend the one - two punch and what an asprin !
The Basil chicken was beyond amazing .
We looked them over and made our choices and then waited for the waitstaff to return to take our orders .
He reserved a window spot , which was really great .
We sat outside , and had a great time !
We found it tucked in a little business center across from the Dunkin Donuts in Newtown PA .
And word on the street is that they make a mean Bloody Mary .
In fact , there is n't even a menu .
We shared a half dozen raw oysters and a half dozen chargrilled oysters .
I got the avocado toast and my friends got acai bowls .
We loved the vibe here and it was precious inside !
The atmosphere was nice .
We ordered the soup to start and I got the schnitzel and my girlfriend got two wursts , the brock and the brat .
The bananas were caramelized to perfection and I could really taste the bourbon .
Really pleased both times .
Our server was Lucas and he was amazing .
The service was attentive and very good .
Most of the chips were small pieces .
She offered us coffee / beverages while we waited for our food .
We ordered a lobster taco and it was really good .
The barbacoa was so tender and savory and complimented the sweet corn cake perfectly .
We flew in from Atlanta , And this is the first place we went to .
I still just love this place ..
We sat at the bar and the guy next to me said we were making a big mistake by not ordering the Chicago Deep Dish .
I really liked the tequila lime chicken.it was fabulous !
We bought a platter of various different foods at try at the waiters suggestion and everything was so flavorful .
Came in the pouring rain too ! !
My husband had the Grilled ribeye and I had the Salmon .
I really liked the sauce- sweet and savory at the same time .
We did n't feel like we wanted to rush through dinner so the intervals between dishes did n't bother us .
When I first walk in I was pretty impressed with the look .
Very good prices ! !
We then waited another 15 minutes .
It was very tough , it was the worst ribeye I 've ever had .
The chicken was tender , flavorful and hearty .
It was 9:45 and they welcomed us in and were so friendly even though they closed in 15 minutes .
She worked us in & every bit of food I put into my mouth was delish !
Service was very friendly and I was greeted the moment I walked threw the door .
The food was hot & I felt like we did n't wait too long .
Not my style , but hey , it 's not the biggest deal .
We ordered oysters goodenough , sweetbreads , snapper , and scallops .
This place is incredible ! !
The mesquite turkey and the " St.
The service was fine , as well ... no complaints there .
The food was pretty tasty .
Our waitress was very kind and the chef even came out to talk to us ( in a good way ) .
After we were done eating we sat there for another 15 minutes before the server came to our table .
That 's right , its not a bar , but its New Orleans .
Ted and Dwayne did a great job as servers .
THE BAD : Service was horrible .
Also , our server was very friendly and informative .
Eventually we got up and asked him what was going on and if they were going to bring anything out like we asked multiple times .
The cannoli shell was nice and crisp .
It was tasty , but we both got sick the next day .
And thank goodness for that .
Pete and it is a fun place to people watch and enjoy the scenery .
She made our experience sheer perfection .
This place is right around the corner and I 'm sooo glad that it is ! !
I was in a group of 4 and we were served by Travis , Susan & Caroline .
We had a group of 7 and it was a bit tight , but we were able to be sat right away .
why did you burn the building down that was my favorite pizza place .
i 'm glad i did , and i 'm glad i did it at this place .
Eventually the food came and it was just ok .
I thought the meat itself was fine .
The cinnamon cream syrup ... ooh the syrup .... WOW I mean WOW !
Just awful service .
I literally drove 2.5 hours to get it and it was worth it if that tells you anything .
They had put a very large air filter in the living room to try and mask the smell .
We all opted for the kiosk .
Regardless , our server , Megan was attentive , extremely knowledgable about the menu and genuine .
Went here even though we stayed in the hotel across the street .
We sat on the patio on one of the most beautiful early evenings Florida has to offer .
The meat was good and soft , but the burger as a whole tasted mostly plain .
Husband and I walk by this place frequently on our evening walks about town .
I would give the noodles a 4.5/5 and the pork a 4/5 ( it was a little too oily , but that 's just my personal taste ) .
Louis area ) introduced me to yet another very nice restaurant and that 's Brio 's ! !
The surprise of the meal was the fantastic cup of coffee .
Probably wo n't go back as there really was nothing memorable about the food .
the batter was light and crispy and the fish was flaky .
Con : too much ice and very little coffee :/
We were giggling on the paint job , very easy to tell it was n't done by a professional .
There was a " young man " who took the seat at the door to let us in at 5:05 .
I mean no one missed a beat during this service ... WOW !
The key lime pie was delicious .
I had a few margaritas and huh .... that 's funny .
I took my mom for her birthday and she ABSOLUTELY loved it .
The fries were cold and greasy .
Good choice in Union Station St.
We ate dinner with our coats on !
There was only one problem though ... the waitress brought out a bowl of soup with her thumb stuck half way into it .
A few minutes later , the girl who took my order came out and saw my number was still on the table .
The bacon , to my surprise , was two whole strips of tasty bacon .
We dined at R2L on a Sunday night .
Ralph 's is definitely a special place .
Trip Advisor wrong , # 1 best place to eat at St.
We did our due diligence and looked at the menu prior .
It was pretty clean for the most part as well .
when he eventually brought the food it was decent .
Really disappointing dinner .
I thought wow , I should have got the pork steak .
The manager , Eric , could not have been more professional and friendly .
This place was a great place to take the family to eat !
Mel was our server and she was perfect .
THEY ONLY TAKE CASH ! ! ! ! ! !
Checked in on us regularly and made sure we were well taken care of .
I ate 1 of the 6 pieces , and it just tasted funky .
The polenta was amazing .
The back porch was nice and quiet and overlooks the water .
The Owner , Mr. Scott Volpi was interacting with the customers as well as his staff .
it 's like Chi Chi 's on Don Pablo 's , with one major difference - the food is really delicious !
However , it was also very bright and filled with natural light as we dined just before sundown .
We went to The Habit Burger Grill only on the last day of our trip to Santa Barbara and Channel Islands .
And there was an odd smell .
The mash was tasty and even the vegetables were fantastic .
I live in south city but feel like I live in the Square as I know most of the people in the neighborhood .
Our friends ordered their feature - ca n't remember the name but it was something with risotto .
The food was amazing , so fresh and unique !
It seemed like the edges of the cake might have been a little over cooked / on the dryer side but the flavor was delightful !
It was a perfect way to end our night !
This was a last minute decision and I 'm so glad my 9 year old chose it !
The hostess offered to text us and let us know if one of the reservations did n't show up .
My partner and I just had a nice dinner here on a rainy Friday night .
I did n't know you could slice pork that thin .
the young waitress seemed nice enough , but honestly she was terrible .
We went back to explain there was a mistake on our order as there is no tomato sauce so we wanted our order to be right .
They 're super cute but as I leaned over to grabbed my card that leaped off the table , I went down sloooowly .
From the decor to the food to the wait staff Mercedes parked out back .
The waitresses will smack into you while you are eating ... man what a mess this place is from top to bottom .
15 min later she sat a couple that was waiting right next to us that came 30 min after we did .
It 's more of a chilled out spot .
Our server did n't come by , but Juan the kitchen manager came over and asked me how he could help .
Upon giving our reservation , we felt as if we had intruded into a private club and were not particularly welcomed .
The waitress did offer me the other half of her sandwich she had in the back , though !
I normally do n't like tuna but wow that was so good .
The food was amazing and the ambiance was fantastic .
The first thing we noticed was the unfamiliar yet inviting scent of frankincense hanging in the air .
Our food was delicious as always .
No tomatoes my choice .
The atmosphere was lovely -- intimate but still had the feeling of being in a public place , which we like .
We had great service this time and the drinks and food were great ! !
They use our favorite La Columbe coffee .
Second , the dish I ordered , pho chin gan , was very delicious .
I absolutely loved my meal there .
Without asking my name , address , or order , he simply said " okay " and hung up on me .
BYOB & no corking fee .
The restaurant was super clean and it was nicely decorated .
Still ca n't decide which one was best !
Our pizza was well worth the wait .
We also ordered onion rings as an appetizer which were excellent .
Then the owner came over and very rudely said , " Fine , you can sit down .
My new favorite breakfast place .
The mashed potatoes looked more like mashed hash browns , I do n't quite know how to describe them .
We were clearly celebrating something ( our anniversary ) but no one ever asked or mentioned it .
I had the pasta carbonara and it was delicious .
And the hot bread we were served when we first sat down was just plain weird ....
We had 4 different items from the menu and they were all delicious .
The margaritas were amazing and the quesadilla was delicious .
The first time I went for Breakfast it was OK , nice to sit out on the deck in the summer , nothing special about the food .
We usually go for breakfast but went for lunch the other day ; loved the burger .
We stopped in for lunch .
Our meal tasted fantastic and the presentation was very appealing .
We made the journey through the cold and snow , all the way out to St Charles , with our friends the D 's to try Hendricks BBQ .
We were lucky enough though to get a spot right in front of the restaurant .
The kitchen staff left for the evening . "
My family chose Bluewater Grill to celebrate our parents ' birthdays .
We still left a tip though :)
Our entrees came out on glass plates , but everything else was on paper plates .
The best of both worlds .
I probably wo n't go back but I do appreciate the offer .
The chicken was ice cold and as dry as beef jerky .
I called last night to see how long the wait was , and was told that there was no wait .
The bone - in steak was flavorful and amazingly juicy and delicious .
So I asked why they did n't feel the need to notify my or anything that we had the wrong order .
Parking lot was a bit small and crowded ( a good sign ) .
The snacks were all very well prepared and tasty .
We 'll drive out to Smyrna and got o Tokyo Restaurant .
The crust was just average .
They actually did n't ever come until one of us got up and requested it and it still took a while .
It 's ooey , gooey , rich and delicious .
I was worried about Dismoor 's departure , but if anything from the customer 's perspective it is a better dining experience .
Yelped this place and when we arrived the line was out the door towards the back of building .
I had the burnt ends and it was awesome !
I had to get a take home container it was so big !
Their service and attitude is very very friendly and accommodating .
We went at the recommendation of a friend .
Me and my boyfriend stopped here traveling through Riverway and it was the best decision we made all weekend .
I sat at the bar ( which is my usual preference ) and received friendly and attentive service from Nicholas .
The food was well prepared and tasted great .
My family and I had a reservation here on a Saturday night ( which I highly recommend ) , and we all enjoyed our meals !
Ca n't tell you how the food was , but it is safe to say we will never go back .
It was one of the best boba drinks I have ever had and to find that in Edmonton of all places was quite surprising !
We very much enjoyed his service !
The Oysters were icy cold as were the beer .
Although the staff did their best it was very frustrating .
I was planning on getting an order to go to drive back to Virginia to eat but that seemed greedy so I did n't .
Sweet Plantains were culinary genius .
The fried chicken was n't bad .
Even the non - lamb eaters thought it was delicious .
After finishing our food , we gave our waitress a restaurant.com certificate we had purchased .
Used to like the Hunan chicken and Hunan shrimp .
It was pricy for the quality of food we were given .
They were busy so I understood the fact that nobody had greeted us right away .
We were shown a menu and then told they only had about half of the items .
The concept was to make fine food less pretentious and more accessible to St.
In fact , there was nothing left on our plates .
The food and service were excellent ; we really enjoyed the menu !
We were hesitant to try it since it was adjacent to the hotel .
Well , the food was delicious .
We walked inside to check out the menu and liked what we saw and decided to give it a try and MAN were we glad ! ! ! ! ! !
The coffee was intense and I am sure sourced " locally " .
The hollandaise literally and figuratively topped it off .
So P.O.'d ... they were my ' go to ' delivery place .
Our table of eight shared the chicken and rabbit pate , mussels , salad , and foie gras .
Our waitress came over to our table right when we were seated and made some delicious recommendations .
Our server was really nice and apologetic .
A Good Samaritan diner helped them get the door open finally but it was quite funny !
I did not get a chance to sample their beer selections but from what my friends said , it 's good .
Food was ok ..
I would come all the way here and just get two ' double cups ' and ride on back to the french quarter with them .
She made our dining experience very enjoyable .
We had 5 for dinner and all had great meals ! !
I think it 's just because no one was around , but the cheese in the cheeseburger was frozen solid .
We ordered sashimi , a peacock roll and unagi ... delicious !
The ambience was calm and relaxing and our server Jay was very kind .
Good job , M.L. !
Wildly inconsistent to the point of frustration .
When I got there and asked to speak to a manager , I discovered that the person who answered the phone was the manager .
The Boudin ai n't boudin in the traditional sense .
I must say after 20 minutes of aimlessly driving in Delran , we finally stumbled across this hidden gem .
The waitress was friendly and was very quick to ask if we wanted anything else .
I ordered two slices of cake , one marshmallow chocolate and one cheesecake .
It was cold and rainy today so the outside seating was closed .
because we did n't know what to order , or what was our options were ...
Our drinks were served immediately followed by orders and soon after , our meal .
My boyfriend and I read the menu wrong and thought 95 cents for a huge cone was a steal !
Went with group of nine and we were all stuffed at the end .
I had the skillet eggs and I 'm 99 % sure one of them was still pretty raw .
Everything about the meal was excellent , including the friendly and welcoming greeting at the door .
The building was not air conditioned well and the humidity made everyone a bit uncomfortable I think .
So much for IHOP , we went to Dave 's Dogs across the freeway and had a good meal -- and they stayed open .
I had taken my team out to celebrate wins at our organization and I was shocked at how my team was treated .
The crust was fresh and very good .
My favorite greek place in town .
The food was good , not great , the atmosphere was fun and lvively .
The flan we eat .
It tasted absolutely disgusting , even smothered in their sauce .
It is with a heavy heart that I relay today 's experience over the lunch sushi buffet .
The fish slices were pretty small , but they were fried well with a seasoned taste .
This place is incredible ! ! !
Even then we had to get someone else to bring us forks and napkins , no one even found us knives .
I have to say it 's been so inconsistent last night being the Worst ! ! !
The worse experience I ever had .
Upon arriving at 6 pm sharp , I noticed how classy and chic the interior is .
The compotes served with the pate were wonderful , a great compliment .
We should have left , but I was hungery .
The service was pleasant , the food delicious plus the atmosphere was very welcoming .
The pick up order was ready when we arrived , and the pizza was good .
All of the staff seemed frazzled and disorganized , stuff kept being dropped all over the place .
The atmosphere was western with animal hides on the wall and rustic decor .
We shared a side of mac and cheese and a pork sausage .
I counted 4 fairly small pieces of chicken on this sandwich .
The food and the staff were excellent and extreamly helpful .
After being sent to our table by the window , we ordered our food .
That 's when I was informed by the waitress that I could n't sit down .
The lunch menu was very reasonably priced .
Santa Fe and Peach pancakes were amazing ! ! ! ! ! !
I found out about this place through the lady that made my sandwich at the Oriental Market on Franklin Rd .
I called her over to ask to have them removed and she says,"The owner says you ate them " .
This is sort of our secret place for lunch .
There was hardly anyone in the place , which was a bit worrisome initially .
The meat department is so " old school . "
Mostly because it 's one of the only deli 's in the area .
and I literally can not put into words how decadent that dish was .
The sammies were ok .
I was ready to get up and leave but my husband felt bad because the server was already getting our waters .
The wings were soooo saucy and delicious !
The crust was also very tasty .
The main event of course was the food .
The salad was just average .
The other members of our party highly enjoyed their dishes , so I think it was just me .
My fiancé said his meal was good too .
I could see the carrot cake just sitting in the pretty covered cake stand , and I felt really tempted to just slice it myself .
I went with the blackened chicken salad ( ca n't eat seafood ) and wow , it was fantastic .
I m not a pho expert but it was a decent inexpensive meal .
The pizza , however , was a bit mediocre .
This place was horrible .
Luckily we were able to get parking right by the restaurant .
The topping was undistinguished and it was heaped onto the soft white bread .
There was 5 of us , so they put us in a booth that fits 4 ppl , and added a chair at the end .
Food was good and I love the atmosphere drinks were great ! ! !
Shortly after ordering , the same guy who took my order comes out to our table to tell us they do n't have any avocado !
My family and I were at UCSB for a Softball camp and stopped at this restaurant on our way back home to San Diego .
She did not tell us about the specials nor was she attentive .
The turkey soup was cold , so I had to send it back , and then it came back too hot .
When we asked about milk in the dessert we were told the owner was n't present .
We were promptly seated in the dining room and shortly a waitress came to offer hot towels and take our order .
The bananna 's foster French toast was excellent and the coffee and oj were top notch .
Thank God Luke was connected to our hotel ! ! !
I had the sticky mango rice , my mother ate the chocolate banana egg roll , my brother had the banana tempura .
We wrote our party 's shoe sizes on the appropriate slip and received our footware .
At the end , I took it upon myself to split the check based on each persons order to determine how much we individually owed .
The shrimp and grits were amazingly rich and flavorful .
I was most impressed by this sandwich !
I thought I reviewed Luke last time I came back from Nola , but I see that I was remiss .
Hands down , my favorite restaurant in Nashville .
Its hard for me to compare but what I can say is this place is amazing .
we were splitting everything and it was a really great gesture when the salads came out already split .
I would never expect a restaurant there because it 's sort of at the end of the industrial area .
Environment : The place has tinted windows , so we can not see from outside .
The duck fat fries were just ok .
The atmosphere - festive and laid back .
we ordered a brunch special which came with french toast , scrambled eggs & 2 pieces of bacon .
Tip : Park in the back near the Opry Mills Mall and take a short ( 5 min ) walk to a side / back entrance of Opryland .
I had the El Jefe wrap .
I do n't know why but it never feels like ' home ' .
We sat at the food prep counter and could watch the chefs prepare dishes .
New Orleans is my husband and my favorite vacation city and we miss the food so much when we come home .
We went back , sidled passed a waiter or two and quickly realized there was absolutely no seating at the bar .
Drive thru this time , both happy meals again messed up , ( no apple slices at all .
I got the Shrimp Fra Diablo , and as much as I do n't want to say it , the food was uncomfortably spicy .
When we paid , i was wondering why it was so high ( expecting the discount ) and why we got a Corona ?
So glad I got a little ways out of the French quarter during my trip .
We went for the first time last night and I already think it 's my favorite restaurant .
I do n't remember being too crazy - impressed with the food , but like I said , a ' safe ' choice .
The menu was simple , and included the St.
We also had the alligator and it was delicious .
Everything was normal then we found a folded up receipt in our coke under the ice .
I 'm disappointed I did n't take pics but the food AND service was amazing ! !
I love this restaurant , one of the best in St.
The waitress made our salads from the salad bar -- my salad had three huge chunks of lettuce in it from the core of the lettuce .
I went for breakfast because my sister who lives here did it 's the best place to go for breakfast .
What a great find for sure ! !
Will def be a must stop every time we come to Nashville ! ! !
The place seemed to be run by a bunch of 16 year old girls , none of whom knew what they were doing .
The waiter was super knowledgable about the menu and how things were prepared .
There was only one bag of apples and they were moldy .
The best deals are during Happy Hour - the $ 3 , $ 5 & $ 7 Margarita 's .
i do n't think i 'm in the majority here , but eh - pass on the food .
Our food finally arrived around 8:45 ! ! ! ! !
Upon arrival we were guided to a table where the contacts from there forward were limited to the initial order and the bill .
We sit down and the order comes out just a few minutes later .
BEST Beignets EVER ... and Alton Brown agrees as well as their beignets are on his list of best things he 's ever ate !
Just about everyone at our table was ready to choke on the level of spiciness , and I thought we were pretty strong .
She told the waitress who took the plate back .
Overall , we had a really good experience .
The establishment itself reminds me of a place you 'd take the grandparents for lunch ...
I 'd heard good things about this place , but never eaten here , although my parents always stay in this Sheraton when they visit .
All of the food looked and smelled amazing .
The grits , andouille sausage , bacon were all perfect .
This is the best deal of any Japanese food joint " . "
The wait staff was attentive , although our particular waitress seemed a bit distracted .
It 's wonderful that a place like this could inspire such devotion .
We were seated immediately even though the restaurant was bustling .
I made a point to rave to Joey Baldino about his food and did not mention any negatives .
Best for the Halloween day ;-) We had to literally kill a few spiders inside the washroom and one nearby the bed .
The part I feel the worst about is how my client was treated .
It was graduation weekend for Vanderbilt so it was a little crazy / busy for the staff , but the good was excellent .
We ordered the antipasto plate .
Its an excellent place to stop for lunch when walking in Manayunk .
:-) the only complaint I have ever had here is their service .
Bernadette was very nice , and quick to take our orders , refill our drinks , describe certain dishes , etc .
Cooly , tangy , and sour in the best way possible .
The place was absolutely fantastic .
Truly THE WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE .
Our waiter kept messing up our order and it took very long for everything ( drinks and food ) to come out .
The waiter did not come to our table at all except for serving our food and asking if we were done .
I work down the road and the location is a nice 5 - 10 minute walk from my office .
Oh , and by the way , one of us was still eating when you took our side dish away !
My husband , Kevin and I , had a lovely lunch today , July 18th .
Our cashier was incredibly nice and helpful .
Had kind of a swanky atmosphere that put us off at first , but I 'm glad we ended up here .
The next day , in a friends car , I saw the sign I must have flown past many times .
The staff was friendly and accommodating .
Ca n't wait to try the other items !
Loved the place ! ! !
I had the shrimp and grits , my mother had the salmon .
I was surprised to find such a great place so close to our hotel .
I ate half and took the rest home .
We ordered the thick sicilian style crust cut into squares .
All the food we ordered was simply amazing !
The employees looked like they hated their lives .
Kristen was bubbly , friendly & very attentive .
I offered to send a snapshot of what I 'd received , and he declined .
It was well worth the wait ( which really was n't that long ) .
We got the Fatty B , & Puttanesca ; both were really good and a nice ( pretty big ! ) size .
Amazingly the staff all remember me by name each time I stop by .
My husband 's cousin brought us here for lunch on the recommendation of his coworker .
Thursday night , about 10ish .
We drank our drinks and waited ...
Really liked the walk from canal street down to the restaurant as well .
After gambling at Harrah 's for several hours , my fiancé and I decided to swing over to Creole House for a snack .
Mashed potatoes , they were good , everyone else raved .
Then , we were served in a weird order .
Came to eat today Mauricio is an amazing chef , pasta was incredibly delicious .
I travel often across the U.S. , and Yama ranks at the top in terms of quality and price .
I should have never waited this long to visit Delicia as I live right down the street !
It 's no different than any other Chinese place .
Cafe primo is one of my new favorite places in Santa Barbara .
The owner jumped on the phone and rudely told us they were busy and the delivery was on its way .
People were fascinated when I told them what I had for dinner , since it sounds so random .
We were really surprised about this place !
The guacamole on the other hand , was great !
After ordering wine , it took them another good 15 - 20 minutes to even bring us our wine , and no one even checked in on us !
I had the omelette skillet and there was hardly any egg in it , I felt like I was eating chopped onions and chopped tomatoes .
Pretty inappropriate to grab away the candle from our table while we are still dining .
The lamb was a big disappointment , it was a little sour ( bad ? ) .
That was a really good chicken sandwich .
Ate on a Saturday around 2 PM - since it was a later lunch there were tons of available tables , which was nice .
The breakfast potatoes were very good .
Luckily since it was early ( before 5 pm dinner rush ) we were seated quickly .
The decor is so comforting .
She loved them and almost devoured the whole place .
My friend thought the water tasted funny , though I could n't tell .
The belly dancer was fun and the other groups in our room were nice as well .
We had planned on eating at circus circus but this was the best choice .
Both dishes came out extremely fresh and hot .
We shared an ordered of breaded mushrooms .
Why could n't he just simply transfer the food from the plate to the styrofoam ?
Chris was our server and he was great .
My friend and I ordered two orders of guacamole it was so yummy .
2nd preface , it is really cold in FL this week , for us .
Damn good establishment tucked away in East Falls overlooking the Schuylkill .
I went with 2 other people to Copabanana .
OpenTable asked for a credit card and we provided one .
We enjoyed salad and the cheese bread sticks .
It IS in Montecito , which is a very nice and also very expensive neighborhood .
My friend who 'd live in Thailand near the Vietnam border thought the rice was cooked perfectly .
My waiter nick made sure our glasses were full the entire time and kept up with clearing the table .
I eat beignets at cafe du monde , but glancing at cafe du monde 's , they are $ 0.50 more , but a lot bigger per order .
We just were in city an wanted a quick bite to eat an with the good ratings , we thought we were gon na be plesaently surpirsed .
It was a waste of time and extremely frustrating .
The bread pudding was delicious too .
The food , though , was awesome !
The crab was my favorite .
On a positive note , our server , Alexander , was great ... very hospitable and tried his best to make sure we were satisfied .
We really enjoyed the restaurant and the fish tank display .
We got here right when the doors opened and only had to wait 20 minutes to get seated .
The plates were licked clean .
Both dishes were delicious .
My serious fear !
I grew up in Maryland , and whenever our family got pizza , it was from Ledo 's .
The woman at the front could not speak perfect english , but she was very helpful nonetheless .
When we complained and asked to speak to the manager , he was short and unaccomodating .
No one ordered anything complicated .
The burger was thick and juicy and perfectly cooked .
I also love tacos de lengua and this place tacos de lengua had no flavor at all and they only give you one tortia per taco .
I 've been to the Fellini 's cafe in Newtown Square and it was wonderful .
Very busy Saturday morning , so I sympathize with the staff .
Ca n't forget the bartender Kelsey love her very friendly .
This was my go to place with friends but lately , we chose the Brugge .
It was n't bad but the wait was frustrating .
The red velvet was WITHOUT A DOUBT the best I had ever had ( my husband agreed ) .
My only complaint -- and it 's a minor one -- is that they advertise cornbread .
They were unorganized and really seemed to have a ton of trouble getting it together to even take our order .
Harry 's blue bell is a nice spot .
Then , since it was a cold rainy day I was freezing inside with the fans on and asked them to turn off the fans .
I ended up in the parson chair , and it was real comfy ..
The food and drinks were outstanding .
Conveniently located across from the convention center .
Their overpriced burgers ( and sides ) are so disappointing that it brings tears to my eyes .
The sea bass my friend ordered looked pretty good , but I tasted his au gratin potatoes and they were completely underwhelming .
We did n't want any special attention .
Besada - the hot peruvian barley beverage was very soothing on the cold winter night .
The Chow Fun was fun chow !
It was pretty late on a Saturday but the restaurant was very busy .
1st time eating here and considering my food decisions so far this trip .
Our server did bring out some bread to sop up the sauce , which was nice .
Great service , great fresh , fresh food and beautiful atmosphere- we sat outside in the warm October evening air .
The salsa was a little spicy , which I enjoy and the tamale was home made and delicious .
The rest of it was edible , but really plain .
We discovered Beck 's cafe at the Reading Terminal Market last weekend .
Exceptional service and attention to detail .
We got the three little piggies burger and it was delicious ... and huge !
Entrees we ordered were grilled shrimp , stuffed lobster tails and fried oysters which my Dad really really liked ! ! !
Our food was average .
The " monkey brain " was delicious and very generous portions
The manager was nice enough to offer to fill cups of coffee for us while we waited .
The service was very timely and very friendly .
It was busy but a wonderful server , Barbie , saw the despair in our eyes and said she 'd find us a spot .
The weirdest part about this place is the cast of derelicts that loiter there daily yet are not escorted off the premises .
The servers were very receptive .
The employees are very attentive and polite .
All of us at the table would have preferred that he would have acted more humble and treat us with more respect .
The Maitre'd was a very pretty African American girl .
The salmon patties were just OK .
My husband ordered a " half " order of pancakes which was a single giant pancake that took up literally the entire platter .
All were excellent and the highlight of our meal .
The pork chop was also perfectly cooked and amazingly tender .
The mac n cheese was very different and mashed potatoes were very creamy .
I did n't really care because it looked delicious and it was- large chicken breast deep fried to perfection !
Its spacious , and we had no problem getting seated even though the place was packed .
The fries were soggy and cold .
They did have a sign on the counter , but it was n't as conspicuous as an " order here " sign that dangles from the ceiling .
We got the chicken shawarma , and the lamb kabob plates .
We paired it with Muriel 's own wine ...
We asked them if they could open the door to ventilate the place because it was irritating our eyes .
The cocktails we had were pretty darned tasty .
Stay at the Marriot across the street .
The owner immediately greeted us with a smile upon walking in .
The re - made sandwich was fantastic .
This was by far the best experience we had .
Then it is up to the chef what you eat .
It took a little bit for them to take our order , but they were pretty busy when we were there .
This place was n't really near any downtown things , but we rented a car so it was no big deal to get there .
We will never go to this restaurant again ! ! ! ! !
After we received our food , we did n't see our waitress until we were done .
The au gratin potatoes were traditional and were actually the best part of the meal .
Our table had fish and chips , the Shrimper 's Heaven , a shrimp cocktail and a caesar salad .
The food was warm and delicious , and there was a nice ratio of meat and vegetables to rice .
Almost made us feel unwelcome and a bother .
The bechamel was probably the best part of the dish - everything else was pretty ordinary .
However , people quickly flooded in after us , taking up almost every other table .
Staff was very friendly and accomodating .
This pizza place is right in the middle of the terminal so it 's a good place to grab a bite .
Sure enough they were open and we put our order in and in 10 minutes it was ready for pick up .
It 's the way my family and I have felt for years .
Then she confessed that she typed in the wrong order and did n't have the heart to tell the kitchen .
As I came to the buffet line , there was no food .
It 's the first place I have ever had a pizza with apples on it and I was quite impressed .
Our server was very ingratiating and took time to get to know us .
I do n't really see what the big deal is .
She brought out a to go box and put drinks in to go cups for us too .
Armed with a LivingSocial deal , we came by for dinner before heading to the Avenue of the Arts just 1 block away .
They said there was a 30 - 45 minute wait but we were able to find two seats at the bar right away .
The ingredients were also seasoned just right , so that the main star of the dish was the actual salmon .
Our breakfast came out cold and we could n't eat it .
We ordered all four offered and the best was the flan !
Honestly , there is n't a single negative thing I could say about my experience .
Well o my goodness , i was getting full but i could nt deny it , these were two of the best deserts i had encountered ...
Very little parking out front , and its a bit of a walk if you have to park in the lot about a block away .
I ordered a glass of honey wine .
The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere and decor where very Chicago like .
The sauces were delicious .
Very pleasant and our waitress ( I think Sasha ) was very nice and accommodating .
The atmosphere is cool but when you bite into the burger it is such a let down .
I asked the manager for a window table and was responded with " they are all reserved . "
I have celiac and the kitchen was amazingly accommodating .
Main reason it was so good was because it was so crispy !
The Jamaican Jerk Hut does not sell any alcohol , so this is a misleading use of the term " corkage fee " ...
The hummus is really tasty and the ambiance is nice and relaxed .
We just left there , the food was excellent .
Thank you to Seorak and team ! !
We were not offered a drink list .
He shook this off like it 's a normal thing to not answer the phone and that it seems ok to do so .
I informed the associate about the problem and he said he would go in the back to check .
She was especially thrilled when they brought out her sandwich .
I called the waitress over and showed her .
She had a couple of tacos ; I had tostadas .
Ask for an S.O.S.
The food was amazing , the service was great and we were definitely treated like family .
Italian restaurant .
I only go here when I 'm in the area , and that 's not very often .
Upon getting there we found out the wait would be over an hour .
It has become one of our favorite spots in the city .
I know it 's not that big of a deal , I 'm not allergic or anything , but come on .
Our food came out shortly after .
Waitress got an attitude with us like it was our fault .
It 's a welcoming place overall .
It was really busy , so no big deal .
My bf ordered chicken masala .
She walked away as if we insulted her parents .
It was both a strange and delightful way to pass the time .
My husband and I decided to try it out based on the reviews and that was a huge mistake .
The ducks fries were AMAZING !
Our server was very nice and polite so no complaints there .
Our server , Jade was superb .
The staff was accommodating and very helpful .
We were seated in the back room that was really cute and the waitress was nice .
The Lentil soup had was awful .
The menu items are named in German but the descriptions of the food are in English .
Oh , it happened to be Sunday , right after the Phillies game let out .
I also had the bananas foster pancakes , which tasted just like they came from one of my favorite New Orleans brunch spots .
We were told there was a 15 - 20 minute wait .
We are staying at the Wyndham and it 's just about a 10 minute walk to this little beach bar and grill .
It was very disturbing and upon exiting I planned to tell the host but he did n't bother sticking his head out of the diner .
Funniest thing , Tucson is so dead to me ... most of the time .
My friend ordered spaghetti
We were brought the bill without asking for it first as if we were n't welcome .
The meatballs were AMAZING and the soup warmed me right up .
Then , because they had charged me for the wrong order , they made me pay them the difference of $ 4.32 before giving me my food ! !
The service was even better and the chef came out and brought our dessert and introduced himself to us .
The views are beautiful and we did make a complete 360 turn while dining .
This was the worst of all our dining experiences in West Chester .
It took the waiter about 3 seconds to get us to change our minds ( due to the burger being his personal favorite ) .
My wife had the Sesame Chicken , I had the Cashew Chicken .
The bourbon chickn was inspirational .
Lady next to us got the bananas fosters French toast which looked really good .
We love pho and Lilly 's is a nice place to get your fix .
Unfortunately , I think it 's everyone else 's go - to place , and it can get very crowded .
We took our food to go as we live a two minute drive away .
overall , we were unimpressed with the restaurant and probably wo n't be returning .
They tasted like they were made in - house , but they had a sort of limp , day - old quality to them .
My fiancé and I both ordered each time we went because it is that good !
The staff was attentive and friendly .
All and all a great morning .
We were staying on Bourbon Street and passed by this place several times .
It did n't seem like much of a lunch special to me .
The mac and cheese was mediocre and the catfish was awful .
he took the dish back to the kitchen , mixed in some red sauce and gave me more on the side .
I ordered a graduation cake for my niece and it came out absolutely perfect .
I had no idea what I was stepping into when I walked in .
Pretty unprofessional / sketch to me .
We ordered the Goat cheese , the mashed potatoes , and the chicken satay .
my bf and i had a great dinner last night .
Now I must say that the manager on duty was accommodating and she took care of the check and apolgized for the errors .
I love Village Whiskey , it 's just a shame it 's always so crowded .
One thing for sure - its is REALLY quick and that s perfect when your in a hurry !
So much for a goid dinner date but we ended up talking about the terrible service and food on the way home instead .
He was so concerned with every detail , it warmed my crazy bride soul !
I added the scissors for scale in the picture
We also asked about a table for 6 that was empty , as there were 5 of us , and were told that this table was reserved .
Sara offered their crab cake entree(broiled ) , so I went with it .
My friends and I ended up here since there was a 45 minute wait at the Olive Garden across the street .
We stayed for lunch , though .
Mom and pop place ( grandmom made one dish , mom made the second , brother made the third ) .
A - OK night !
The atmosphere and ambiance is very relaxing and the staff were all dressed very professionally and had smiles on their faces .
The people there were super nice .
It 's easy to stumble into this bar & grill since it 's in the heart of Reno downtown .
We called early in the day for a reservation at 5:30 but when we arrived they could n't locate it .
Ciara was able to give us complementary cornbread
Thanks , I wanted to order but they wo n't deliver 4 Miles from their store .
We also had the shrimp pad thai - it was okay - it was n't great but it was n't bad .
Wait time for food was very short ! !
It 's like most other Mexican places .
Loved this place ! !
Even in the new seats at the other end of the restaurant we could feel a draft .
The biggest problem is the restaurant was nearly empty and yet it took nearly 30 minutes to get our food .
When we got home we opened our daughters spaghetti and meatballs and there was hardly any pasta / sauce and NO meatballs .
The homeless gentleman left without making a scene , which was pretty nice .
My kids played in the sand , then ate some food and then played in the sand again ... they loved it which made me happy .
One of the people in my party did n't even receive their food until we were sitting at the hostess stand waiting TO LEAVE ! !
I thought this was quite the steal because the crab was huge , delicious and meaty .
It 's relaxing , quaint , and beautifully designed .
The atmosphere was perfect .
The sushi was alright ...
We also got the cheese bread which was delectable and so soft and moist .
These were the most amazing fries I have ever eaten .
:-) I loved how finely they shredded the cabbage peanut salad , and the dressing was excellent .
the server was quick and attentive .
The fries were awesome .
I just really did n't like that it is cash only .
They were covered in a Gouda sauce ( which was very gooda ! ) and shredded duck meat .
Hunter was personally bringing 12 towels up six for that day and 6 for the next morning I had requested this .
The pancakes were the best part of the meal .
When the manager arrived at our table , it was the same lady who brought the chips and guac !
Little did he know that the dressings he and his kitchen think are so wonderful are actually terribly horrible .
We got the bananas foster and it was incredible .
We bought a groupon / living social deal and then were forced to pay a 35.00 tip .
The pizza was a little disappointing .... wayy too much olive oil .
the deep fried fish !
Big waste of money .
I went to the new location on 806 East Hillsborough Ave .
Upon walking in I felt that even though it 's very white and modern from a design perspective , it still felt warm and welcoming .
Customer service was outstanding ! !
We both loved our breakfast ! ! !
It contained 2 shrimp , 2 scallops , 1 oyster , 1 cod & fries .
I was very disappointed with my meal .
The concierge at our hotel recommended this restaurant after we asked for a creole restaurant nearby .
I ask another waitress .
Our party found this to be a very misleading promotion , but the server did explain this clearly when we asked .
I thought it was the best in town .
She made sure to keep our water glasses full .
We got there late - ish on a Sunday , and the service was such that it was obvious nobody there cared .
The guy working there was very helpful and the women making them was very sweet .
I must admit when we saw the place totally empty on Sun at 6PM , I was concerned .
Ill give a 1 star because the beer was cold other than that NADA !
We had the Reveillion dinner which was four courses .
our waitress Morgan was also very patient and accomodating .
The food is just horrible .
By the time we left there were a few people waiting outside .
Both meals were amazing .
I ordered from Golden Triangle last night but I ca n't remember the details because of the fat and the lazy .
Oh ... and the other great thing .
The only decent thing about the place was the train that rain over our heads .
Atmosphere was very nice .
The staff at the Redhound Grille was super friendly and accommodating our request to sit outside .
We ate here last night and have eaten here often over the past few years .
I finally got up to the 7th floor where my room was , and when I opened the door thought I was walking into a giant ashtray .
I had just gotten to my room and needed directions to a Delta ballroom , so naturally ..... I called the front desk .
And the whole pitcher was only $ 18 !
Very cute little place and the best part was the food was delicious !
I just walked back to our seats with her where she handed us the manus and then walked away again not saying anything .
He made recommendations , we took the bait and were not disappointed .
The picture looked amazing ... what I got was 3 huge chunks of dried out pork , on top of cold mash potatoes .
Was in a hurry so I did n't wanna argue .
Cuban sandwich was good , but nothing like Tia 's in St.
Switched to key pizza .
It 's eye candy simply walking into this place !
The real star of the night was the flan / churro dessert combo .
We also shared a Rotolo ( pizza dough , mortadella , ricotta , pistacchio pesto ) .
They explained the menu to us and we were left to order .
The staff greeted us and proved very friendly .
We were feed peanuts for close to one hour - and for a moment I almost believed that we were either monkeys or elephants .
The fried plantains and black bean soup were delicious .
Also I had a bite of my bff 's Roti Canai ... the reviews are accurate ... very tasty .
Our waitress was alright , she just seemed a little out of place .
We ordered 4 different pizzas to try and all were bad .
The manager was probably the worst of the experience .
The place is very small and therefore felt cramped and also got pretty loud .
I actually feel embarrassed we took our guests there to celebrate .
The one thing about the place is it is REALLY loud .
We ordered the pulled pork sandwich , the sausage sandwich , and a side of baked beans .
All of the food seemed pretty fresh and warm , although my wife said that she had a few things that were a bit cold .
Our server was curt and not polite .
You just ca n't go wrong and if you do it 's your fault .
no bueno ... annoyed I could n't get any service and the prices are a joke .
Our waiter recommended and I 'm glad he did !
Sitting behind us was a group of regulars who come every Sunday , which we noticed right away and took it as a good sign .
Exactly what I was looking for tonight .
What a great BBQ place ! !
The description on his website was exactly what we got .
For our entrees he had the lamb loin and I had the scallops .
Finding a seat is the real battle .
My husband decided to call to get an ETA and he was told 25 mins .... by the general manager .
Dan was a great server , very attentive .
Who 'd 've thought there 'd be such a lovely place so close to where I live ?
Here 's how this 2nd chance went : : Absolutely wonderful .
Close second though , and we love that it 's right downtown .
It 's an adorable little coffee shop on third street in Old City .
This was our second choice after finding out Rio Mar was closed for Mardi Gras week .
The events manager Deneva was wonderful to work with and followed through on every single detail .
Both dinners were cooked perfect and the taste was amazing .
It was such a fun , cozy atmosphere , the waiters were great , and the food was AMAZING !
The smells bring me to sito 's ( grandmother 's ) kitchens .
The meat and cheese taste so fresh .
Did n't stay for dessert , too cold .
Needless to say , it completely exceeded my expectations .
The minute we walked in for a late lunch we were greeted with a huge smile and a warm welcome from the manager .
When we arrived , we were told that the hotel upgraded our room .
I ordered the chicken piccata .
As for the bartenders , it 's really hit - or - miss .
I guarantee you wo n't leave empty handed .
After eating , we played a quick game of pool ( which I unfortunately lost ) then went on our way .
A truly unique and lovely find .
The veggies we 're grilled perfectly .
Everything about this place was wonderful .
We 've tried many a pizza places in St.
Although my friend and I did n't get to sit at a window , we were still able to look out at the view from our table .
We waited at the bar ( standing room only ) for over two hours before being seated .
We walked into the place and it looked like a typical Asian restaurant .
I chose the former : compared to everywhere - because if you 're from out of town that only seemed fair .
All of the fresh fish served in the restaurant is taken from the fresh market which is next door to the restaurant .
My girlfriend the pretzel chicken .
The employees were really friendly , and overall we were very happy with our experience .
The food was terrible .
There 's a lot of pizza around Drexel so I thought this place would be just like the others ... it 's not !
Waited for the fish .... and waited .... and waited .
it makes for a much happier experience overall :)
TL;DR This place knocked it out of the park , both with the food and the wonderful small details of the experience .
Needless to say , chef said no and we were turned away !
This was R 's FAVE place during our short visit in NOLA .
Bring your own bag - it 's the best thing to do .
The pasta was cooked al dente , and the veal was tender .
Our rolls came out super fast and everything was delicious !
The restaurant was closed to the public for our private event .
Our server was nice and our food came out quickly .
Etoufee is terrific ... Authentic New Orleans cuisine .
And as for the dessert , it was just ok .
We finally settled with the Happy Hour menu because he was very non - communicative .
The gravy and pasta were both delicious .
The broth was very flavorful , and the noodles were perfectly cooked .
The younger dude checked in on us and was sociable which was really kinda nice but not overbearing .
We sat at the upper bar and had drinks and dinner .
Our server was very prompt and sweet .
I very much enjoyed the caldereta .
Extremely disappointing experience .
The owner was so nice .
Everyone else got waffles .
The best part was our server though , she was very efficient and nice .
My sister really enjoyed the salad .
The nachos were okay .
My husband and I were looking to pick up something quick the other night , and were intrigued when we stumbled upon Bab Cafe .
The oysters were delicious !
Took about 10 minutes to get my food and I was on my way !
The owner was standing at the bar one night talking to all the customers and gave me a free shot of saki which was really nice !
The fish tacos were tasty .
I was thoroughly stuffed after only a few bites but I could n't stop eating it - it was so good .
I would n't stop at this location again , even though it was conveniently off the highway .
I had the Mushroom and Zucchini pizza and it was alright .
they called it french toast but it was not
I had the dirty lemonade .
We had valentines dinner here and it was excellent .
Tempura shrimp were my favorite , so fresh and delicious .
Literally my favorite restaurant here in New Orleans .
The set up of the tv in relation to the bed was weird but I guess they could n't put the TV in front of the windows .
Absolutely loved this restaurant !
But , the Governor 's management 's responses are direct and to the point .
We had the onion naan bread .
We went in for a chef 's table where chef Paul offered to cook us a multi course menu of his design .
Others in the group got salads and said they were very good as well
The soup was cold .
We also took a tour of the basement where the wine cellar and a private tasting room are .
The clam chowder was wonderful and so were the crab cakes
We dropped in because the wait was too long at another spot and our party of 5 were all very satisfied !
It was a giant six inch long sausage , about 1.5 inches in diameter .... just a giant chunk of meat that did n't have much taste .
I also ordered mozzarella sticks , and they were not really what I was expecting -- they were n't breaded , they were deep fried .
By the end of the meal we could hardly hear each other .
We tried Zorba 's for the first time last weekend , and it was absolutely perfect .
We had Salmon nigiri and several rolls , all of which were delicious .
We had 3 orders of the table side guacamole and they were delicious .
Then I tasted my wife 's offering and I knew the burger was not the correct choice .
Finally got a chance to try this place and I 'm so glad I did !
We made reservations but it was n't overly crowded on a Sunday , it was a perfect chill spot .
We were taken care of from the moment we sat down .
We were supposed to get a glass of wine but we did n't .
The stuffed french toast , smoothies , and fries were all delicious .
S- the service was very good , it was n't too long , or too short .
Their advice was accurate , beneficial and helpful .
The fish was OK but the highlight was the bread pudding .
When she finally came back by we ordered our entrees .
I sent them back and asked when they arrived at the restaurant ; it was nearly a week before the waiter set them in front of me .
I legit just walked into Blaze being 9 pm and as soon as I got to the line I was told that they are closed .
After moving to Vegas 15 years ago from St.
Only a picky topic for me .
I have literally been to iHops all over and hands down this was the worst experience we have ever had .
I had to stand up several times to grab straw wrappers and napkins before they blew into the water .
Then again , it 's pre - packaged so all they had to do was put it in a bowl .
They had a blast !
We waited about 30 minutes .
The food and the service were both so wonderful .
Sat at the chef 's seating area at 9 pm Saturday night and it took over 2 and a half hours to get in and out .
They had hotdogs , salads , soups and a few other sandwiches ( chicken , salmon ) .
We shared the toasted raviolis and the mushrooms with polenta .
I had a burger melt and she had the short rib grilled cheese .
We arrived in New Orleans for our wedding anniversary and decided Muriel 's was the place for the big meal celebration .
It took a few minutes for someone to take our order .
I used to work at Zeitgeist Arts Center ( across the street ) and ate lunch here all the time .
Until now ..... thank u
The atmosphere and service were pleasant .
It 's a shame because I really like their pizza ...
Our server was also very friendly and efficient .
but oooooh my god was this food really something special .
Finally a waitress came over and got us a few drinks .
I had been a couple of years ago during my first visit to St.
The 3 " jumbo " were in garlic and it was too overpowering ! !
The worst part was the two men sitting next to us who were drunk ( literally doing shots ) at 1:00pm on a Tuesday .
First , the staff was very attentive .
The spicy white tuna roll was very good .
The hummus plate was excellent .
Close but no cigar .... we were quickly seated , waited on and served .
The texture of the acai was very different .
It was a special , orange - pineapple - mango .
We met one of the owners who was " barking up " business outside and he was a consumate gentleman .
My group hosted a party in Stone Creek 's large private room last evening .
The best part about this place though is the price : cheap , cheap , cheap !
The chef , Richard , suggested the grits ( which I usually do n't like ) so he brought us out two bowls to try ( for free ) .
I ordered the strawberry iced tea and it kind of tasted like medicine ...
Get the lamb shank ... oooo man , that 's TASTY .
Cool , no big deal .
They have a great selection of kid 's choices which is so important to us at this point in our life .
I had perused the menu prior to coming so I was pretty aware of what I would be ordering .
We were committed Tú Sei Bella fans , but Bruno 's has had us coming back consistently :)
When the server came back she gave us a terrible attitude ( Although I could n't blame her ..
we grew up going to spiro 's and the last time i was there we left so disappointed .
We bought croissants and macaroons and they were delicious !
I would n't go out of my way to eat here but it 's not horrible if you 're staying at the nearby hotel .
On arrival they had no record of it .
Tria 's food is on the lighter side .
The staff was very very nice too .
Everyone really liked their food .
The place looked nice , till we got our waiter who was apparently an american coach from Brooklyn lol ....
Scarlet Lane Dorian Stout was impressive , their saison was just ok .
The corn tortillas were very crispy , almost tostada like and the spicy slaw and cojita was perfect !
We ate here while staying at the nearby hampton inn and suites .
We are not going back to this chipotle .
The only downside was the shrimp on the dish was shell on .
Yelp steered us in the Jasmine Rice direction , and it was definitely a good decision .
We also took home a slice of cheesecake ( strawberry and pumpkin ) .
My husband and I enjoyed our meals .
We came in with our kids and thankfully they placed us away from everyone .
We did enjoy the food here .
I have walked by this restaurant countless times , so sweetheart and I finally ventured in .
After all of my excitement and anticipation ( I had n't been back home in months ) , I was left horrifyingly dissapointed .
She went over the menu with me and I decided on a bowl of the Mediterranean Vegetable Bow tie pasta , sans pesto and cheese .
This was a meal in which we were more engrossed in the conversation than attentive to our food .
She knew we were still deciding on drinks , so why did n't she check on us again ?
The food was very good and the chef himself came out to ask how everything was .
Overall , on our second visit to Ralphs on the Park , we were disappointed .
A colleague and I ( we are from Phoenix , AZ ) were given Big Woody 's BBQ as a recommendation and it did not disappoint .
However we went on a Sunday evening at 5 so there was a long wait time and the waiters / waitresses were very busy
Glad we ate here !
Wo n't be back for the spendy Mexican food .
Food : All I can say is DAAAMMMNNN .
Right around the corner from our house - this is our ( my husband and I ) go to for everything !
We said hello to the owner / executive chef and he seemed to be beaming over his accomplishments , rightfully so !
We came from their sister bar Farmer 's Cabinet .
To top it all off , the owner / head chef visited our table as he knew we were " the people from Facebook . "
1 When we arrived at noon , the order was not ready .
They leave the doors open in nice weather and it feels like you 're somewhere almost tropical .
Our server checked in with everyone , and seemed glad to be there .
Pasquale 's food is better than Italy .
It was an enjoyable experience and a good value .
I know I do n't have much to say , but words ca n't really describe how overlooked this place is .
I really liked this place .
I ordered the black bucatini and my husband had the scallops .
The food was fabulous .
Quite a bit of the pieces were actually just fried breading and not the calamari itself .
We wanted this to be a more romantic outing but it was extremely noisy that we did n't really talk much .
I felt like a rabbit eating dry vegetables .
we were bummed they did n't have a happy hour .
Other than that it was a good experience ! !
Their menu is broken down into sections ; primero , segundo , empanadas , ensaladas , and dulce .
There was a group of 10 - 15 of us and the restaurant was spaced out well to where we did not feel crowded .
My dad had the Blondie Benedict , though , which was amazing .
The wait staff was friendly and accommodating .
We really enjoyed this restaurant !
She also told us that we would be the next people to sit down .
Frank I 'd one heck of a guy .
Only nice thing was the rice .
When we arrived , there was no record of the order .
There were mostly larger groups in the place , but we definitely felt that we did not receive much attention .
The hubs ' brother suggested we drop into this cafe for some eats and to say hello to his wife , our sister - in - law .
The beignets were different but good - they were crisp on the outside , I 'm used to them being soft and fluffy all around .
This would also be a good place to park your boat and come in for a bite to eat .
The food was decadent !
There just was n't anything truly special about this place .
We split an order of jambalaya , a dozen charbroiled oysters , a dozen raw oysters , and a pound of boiled shrimp .
The pizza was great and the meatball sub was very tasty .
He did remove the burger from our check which I did appreciate .
The chicken was moist my veggies were tasty but a little too greasy .... overall is was a great meal .
I ordered the Breakfast bomb which was a pleasant experience .
The spinach pie was fantastic .
The flavor was wonderful and unique .
We were seated immediately and it took awhile to look at the extensive menu .
I had the Monte Cristo crepes , absolutely amazing
The cranberry sorbet du jour and pecan pie were a holiday - like experience .
Lazo 's is my " go - to " pizza shop .
This is my favorite restaurant downtown .
The actual bakery is clean , bright , and festive ... pi ~ natas hanging from the ceiling .. it is right next to an ethinic market too .
There were four of us and one other customer , therefore the service was above average .
It reminds me a lot of Red Hook ESB , which is one of my favorite beers .
We had a very nice stay at Loews Philadelphia over the Labor Day Weekend .
The workers were trying but were simply overwhelmed .
That 's an understatement ... more like " Blown away ! "
Which is surprising because it was the only thing on the menu that I thought I 'd eat .
The restaurant was very clean and so we 're the bathrooms .
Every dish tasted like heaven .
The wontons were really good .
The room was dirty , it took an hour and 15 mins to get my car from the valet , they double charged me for our room .
I have to say that I 'm very disappointed with this place .
I waited 20 mins to get my water , and another 10 mins to place the order , and yet another 20 mins to get the food .
We had an awesome experience !
We had the hummus platter .
They are very accommodating and the staff and manager are all very nice .
Then the Chandler location opened up just down the street from my house .
It 's like dining in a Victorian lady 's parlor ... or something .
And I dint think this was just because they ran out bc my gf remembered this happening in the past .
I did n't pay too much attention to the menu , though .
It was a great lunch all around .
After an awkward pause , he offered to find someone with more knowledge of the wine list .
The staff and overall look and feel of the place were awesome as well
For the most part it was good .
It was pretty crowded when we went but it was before an LSU game in the dome .
We ordered the lamb meatballs , which were okay , and the spring rolls , which were excellent .
The French Toast was fluffy but a bit cold .
It 's all good and lesson learned .
Well , I was seated at a table and trying to talk to my friends , one of them across from me and one next to me .
The place was next to a few auto repair places and most likely are patronized by them .
The brisket ramen noodles were perfectly cooked and the meat was very tender .
I dunno , I always figure it 's because I 'm a round eye .
The ham and cheese croissant was delicious .
When we left , I could n't help but notice that there were three servers chatting with the hostess .
The Terrible ... The rest rooms are not clearly marked .
We spent about $ 24 for the whole meal and were very pleased .
The decor is delightful!- silverware is piled into an old coffee can and there are simple fresh flowers on each table .
And let me tell you it was a disappointment .
The turkey bacon was gross and the toast was n't toasted so it was kind of soggy .
The service was perfection and the only drawback was the slightly high prices .
The only gripe I had was that the skewers were pretty expensive for their size , which averaged a bit over 2 bucks apiece .
Most of the rest was good too .
It seemed strange to me , as people on the streets were raging outside , why this restaurant was as deserted as it was .
But hey , at least she was n't on her phone .
Told me the others were on the way .
My friend and I shared the Mexican corn , the steak bites , the ranch burger , and the prosciutto flatbread .
The food was cold and the front desk did n't even offered to say sorry .
We call it " food " .
Thought she would 've deserved something a little better considering how disgusting it would be to suck up a big fake eyelash ...
The locations , the ambience , the service , the food .. everything was top notch .
The location itself is a quaint spot located in university city and the staff was very pleasant .
My dad ordered the Barrelhouse Platter , a selection of house made sausages and mustards for dipping .
He chatted me up about all of the local beers they have .
I can walk here and wo n't go back even if they were the only place open at 2 am .
We got there around 10:30am .
The only downside to this place is that it can get very crowded do there are no empty seats .
- Great service .
Although we sat directly center of the stage , we noticed that the balcony 's were also reacting in applause in a similar manner .
The chips were crunchy and hot .
We were lucky to miss the rush said our waitress .
That 's when they informed me that they had an a la carte menu .
Our food was delicious !
sounds rather boring , but the taste was AMAZING ! ! !
The crust was pleasantly golden , both slightly oily and crisp .
We live less than five blocks away .
Zack was kind enough to offer my son a Popsicle which made him very happy .
It was a hit or miss experience .
and the employee replied " The soy sauce . "
We found it by dumb luck and then my daughter said , " I have to take you to my favorite bakery . "
I ordered the Americano omelet and Nutella crepe .
We attempted to do a little shopping and got in line to pay but it took so long we got disgusted and left .
The flavor was pure amazingness .
I have no idea what any of their names were .
My only complaint is that they do n't have a location in San Diego !
The food here was mediocre .
These little slices of heaven came out fast ( which I always appreciate ) and were DELICIOUS .
I handed him a dollar , took 4 of them and walked to the trash can to throw away 3 of them as I only needed one .
We ordered the nachos and the chicken grinder .
The waiter were really nice and helpful .
The pancakes alone were perfectly balanced .
I think it 's a little overpriced for a Metairie steakhouse .
A bad cheat meal would have = a sad Scott .
Glad I do n't live here so it can be a special treat each time I visit .
I really wanted this place to remain my little secret , but I also ca n't keep them in business single handedly !
Yeah I 've heard all the " it is n't true Italian food " .
My new favorite breakfast joint .
Horrible experience tonight our service never checked on us .
I think our favorites are the steak and blue and the max meat pizza -- YUM !
Definitely the best part .
Tomato on the side was awesome .
I found out about this place from my boss who was raving about the horchata .
My girlfriend ordered biscuits and gravy , and thoroughly enjoyed them , as did I ( the two bites I had ) .
My husband and I have dined at Ryan Christopher 's on several different occasions .
The food was fresh and hot .
My husband had the fish tacos .
In fact , everything we ordered was tasty , with the Stuffed Peppers being the highlight of our dinner .
There were so many other gems , but honestly I ca n't even remember .
Sasha was our waitress this evening she is warm and inviting !
We were walking in the area and we were told by our dentist to stop in .
The parking lot is so small , I 'm surprised there was n't an accident !
Loved our family dinner here just before Christmas .
We asked to move and the manager could not have been more accommodating and understanding .
The tofu pad Thai was tender , juicy and delicious !
We sat in the back , and first ordered our drinks and some oysters .
Very nice restaurant in the heart of downtown St.
No , and they looked at us like we had 10 heads when we did n't reach down into our purses to hand them cash .
Luckily the playhouse is a short distance away .
We had to sit upstairs and it kinda took away from the scene .
My husband had the baby back ribs and they were devoured in a matter of minutes , so I would guess that means they were good .
Me and my wife and our friends went to The Pines Tavern .
We asked the waiter to be moved outside .
Waiter was just one of the kitchen workers who was , however , very accommodating when he was available .
We went on a quiet Sunday evening and sat at the bar .
The atmosphere is casual and comfortable and the entire process was a breeze .
I did like the ambiance and the location of the place .
15 minutes after that , we finally were approached again .
This whole experience was wonderful !
What a happy accident !
Excellent service ! !
This was hands down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans during our recent trip there .
They brought out a bowl of water with out drinks .
Meh ... I was n't impressed with this spot .
I went to Fez with my family and we were pretty excited to eat some good Moroccon food !
The duck was seriously cooked to perfection .
They used their hands to pick up the pizza slice I wanted and when I went to the cash register the guy said " what did you get ? "
The corn and gnocchi was very good .
Soup dumplings are rarely available in St.
PJ - your food is sub - par at best .
OMG it 's Top notch .. It 's surprising to my experience that 's a corner resturant could taste this good .
Came here while attending the Essence Festival food was so good we came 2 mornings in a row !
Sashimi salad was sooooooooo spicy even to me .
Misty was our server , ask for me !
They were absolutely dripping in grease though , and there was a large unappetizing pool of grease left on the plate .
The juice was fresh squeezed and amazing .
The pork chop was huge and delicious .
Almost a forced cordiality because she was being forced to serve us .
The waffle was so , so good .
My boyfriend thought it was the best he had eaten .
I very much enjoyed the glass of wine I had and ca n't wait to get back to try more !
Negatives - Most of the food was poorly done , despite a very long wait time .
Those words can mean a lot of things to people .
I was calm the whole time , not sure what this guys deal is .
Marissa was very helpful in the planning and I think everyone enjoyed themselves .
Another drawback is that we had to sit in the bar area bc it was after 9 .
The shrubbery at the front of the door adds to the charm and makes you feel like it is a secret spot ( haha ) .
at least that 's what I decided last night and I was right - it was awesome .
We then split the chicken - fried steak .
My son wanted to eat fish and they only had one fish dish on the menu :-( .
I grew up on 62nd and richmond on the southside of chicago .
Worst place ever .
The first one we tried , the natural one , tasted watered down .
We were not rushed and were able to take in the atmosphere .
And our waiter , Christian , was the best .
Get the foie gras you wo n't regret it .
We were extremely pleased with our omelets .
We ordered the short rib , the stuffed poblano , the quesadilla , and ceviche .
She treated me and every other customer like we were her best friends - making sure everyone had everything they needed .
We were there early evening Saturday and they were n't busy at all .
Worse , the building had skylights , and the lights inside the building shone out all night , right through the curtains .
My friend and I shared the Carpaccio appetizer , which was very good .
do nt let the entrance scare you , awesome place !
Our server was very friendly and on point .
Well , after attempting to enter the dining area at 11:29pm , the doors were locked .
We stopped here for fun the evening before our cruise and wow , what a great addition of entertainment to the Tampa area !
He was nice , from the old Piatti 's which used to be in this location .
My daughter was cold and Andreya gave her the sweater she was wearing so she was warm .
We went late on a Saturday night and sat on the patio !
It was absolutely delicious - melted in my mouth .
We also shared the chowda which was probably the best we have had and that was worth every penny !
The customer was understandably annoyed .
Two waitresses were serving us and none of them knew what the hell they were doing .
We ordered a chicken fajita and a chicken quesadilla .
The red beans and rice were okay .
My girlfriend and I went on a Wednesday night for Restaurant week and did n't know what to expect but we were overly satisfied .
The food was very good .
The food was flavorful !
Petersburg so my review is the same .
Such a great spot ! ! !
It was like it was plucked from the ground that very moment and did n't get a bath .
Took a long time for someone to come and seat us even though the restaurant was n't that full .
I was sadly disappointed by the cake .
Believe all of the reviews and hype ; It 's all true .
My boyfriend and I went to dinner there on a Thursday night .
When calling to place our order the person on the phone answered in the middle of cursing .
I was sold as soon as our server brought over the dessert tray .
This made me sick to my stomach , of course .
It was n't just that though , that actually was n't even that big of deal to me .
The fish was pretty lackluster .
Did n't think we 'd find this place in the middle of nowhere .
The sauce was perfectly spiced as well .
The white chocolate seemed a bit lost , but combined with the dark chocolate gelato , each bite was a sweet ending indeed .
It was our first time here but it sure wo n't be our last !
It was the tastiest thing I had during my trip in NOLA so far .
Glad they did as all food we ordered was delicious and tasty .
I 'd like to add that everybody else at our table who ordered medium also had theirs basically well done .
It was a very early dinner so it was not at all crowded .
The potatoes and slaw were the side were bland .
Great place :) Breakfast was delicious .
All in all we loved this place !
We ordered our food and it took a long time to come out .
The beef bbq was also very tender .
I am stunned by this place .
I went back the next day as well .
The catfish sandwich was very good .
Our waitress was not particularly nice and seemed angry with us when we did n't want to order drinks .
It was five stalks , that were prepared perfectly .
We 've done the Bastille Day / French trivia in the past and its just a really fun time .
we did not know what to order and she pointed out the Sweet Potato pancakes .
Edit : came back again the next day and did the Thai shrimp poboy and it was excellent .
OMG- i ca n't believe that how these guys will ruined your food ..
Okay so its obvious that this place is one of the top choices for breakfast in Nashville .
As for the food , it was just okay .
I called the manager and was assured the dressing would be brought to me in 15 minutes .
We ordered a half pepperoni and half hawaiian on thin crust , which I admit was good .
Then the server came back to tell me the snapper was still frozen solid .
As we got up , all 8 of us one even made an attempt to perhaps stop us even acknowledge us .
The pad see ew my boyfriend ordered was absolutely delicious .
The waiter we had was good .
There is nothing special about this place .
Love this place , and we are so happy its in our hood !
Austin Martinez ( director of operations ) & Steven ( our server ) went above and beyond with our table .
* The bartender would n't give me a sample of a beer to taste because " management was around " .
I went up to the hostess and asked if she can put our name down on the list and she said wait a minute .
The place was packed to begin with and the crowds just kept coming throughout the entire time we were there .
We split a tray of 20 pieces between 3 of us and it was amazing .
Glad we found this place .
But the ice cream was tasty .
There was 4 of us , 2 adults , 2 kids under age of six .
" the gratuity is circled at the bottom of the check " THANKS !
( there was some confusion about this ) .
We literally walked almost the entire city , ok maybe a little help with a cab , and eventually found our way to Tria .
and pulled out 16 cents and laid it out on the counter .
By the time we ordered it was around the corner of the building and down the sidewalk .
Everyone loved the taste too .
The bread was soggy and wet .
The guys there are very kind and polite .
During the 80s as a child my family used to go to Micha 's fairly often .
Should n't have taken that long , regardless of how many people were at our table .
Its also near a best buy , etc so should you have to wait you can shop around .
Only downside is the lack of ambiance and very small eating area .
The three cheeses were ok .
I love spice so it was a pleasant surprise for me .
The decor was quite lovely and homey .
Eh , disappointing food .
The wait staff were so friendly and helpful .
They are riverside on Magazine between General Pershing and Milan ... so dangerously close to home .
They had a iceskates up on the wall and a Christmas tree in the corner .
Make sure to tell AL ( the owner ) that Stew sent you .
We were greeted warmly and given a great table .
We were seated next to the huge fish tank , which is like getting a front row seat at a concert .
We were seated in the bar and got our menus immediately .
The gumbo was full of smoked sausage and tender chunks of chicken .
Again , all that comes to mind immediately is - delicious !
My favorite pizza joint in Bucks County .
We waited for like 15mins for our orders to be taken ( despite the hand wavering- a call for attention ) .
That first succulent bite was heaven .
The party eventually turned into a big social event with gross drunken people leaning over our table while we ate our meal .
Over all excellent place to eat ! !
No wonder we were some of the only people there on a Friday night .
There is a sign posted on the buffet & the server was kind enough to inform us as well .
I admit , I was more than a little suprised when I read Esquire 's choice of best breakfast ( does Kanella even do breakfast ? ) .
We waited for quite some time before we received anything to drink .
This was a disappointing visit to say the least .
Just so deflating all the around .
The fish tasted and felt fresh , tender & moist .
The place was gross ! !
Good job to you all ! !
My new favorite neighborhood bar [ technically I live in Brewerytown , but we do n't exactly have many options there yet ] .
Luckily , having no reservations , we were immediately seated .
The the broth was so full of curry and a sweet coconut flavor , it was delicious !
The floral icing work was so perfect I did n't want to touch it , but I had to because come on it 's cake .
I did like the tomatoes and the nice mushrooms that were in it .
I called ahead so my order would be ready for me to pick up and it was , it just was not what I ordered .
Unfortunately , the mussels were really salty .
for some reason our waitress hated us .
It was obvious that he was weeded with drinks so we patiently waited .
Meanwhile , I watched the staff , on their cell phones , genuinely ignore me at the window .
To top the night off , the three of us ordered dessert .
Our Server Kendra handled the table cool and calm .
There were kids running and place was very loud .
Our waitress did n't even know this , until I questioned after she only brought us 6 items , and she had to ask someone else .
The place was beautiful .
The guys took the time to give full descriptions of all the specials and all of them sounded amazing !
I was told that no one turned in anything resembling my organizer .
The server even brought us fries while we waited because it was taking longer than ten minutes .
Located a short cab ride from Downtown Philly , is DiNardo 's .
About 20 minutes after I came back she finally stopped by .
However , our food took 25 minutes , and when we asked what the holdup was , no one seemed to know or care .
It was a good thing we were n't in a hurry .
They just opened and it 's an aesthetically pleasing place for you Instagram peeps .
We ordered 3 eggs Benedict , after a long wait , finally got our order all three Benedict were way overcooked .
The fresh fruit cup was refreshing .
Our waiter was friendly and on point , food came out warm , correct , and all at the same time .
The service was very friendly and quick and everything was very well organized .
There is n't a ton of seating but it also is n't close to the TSA area so it 's a bit hidden .
We went to Maynards last night for the Keeling Schaffer wine tasting .
Happened to stop at Zorba 's on our way back from the Eastern Penitentiary .
I loved every part of it , and it was cooked perfectly .
The decor is cozy and up - scale , with small round tables surrounded by tall couches to sit on .
All the food was fresh , hot and very tasty .
Smoked scallop was perfection , and the garnishes ( fennel cracker ?
I asked why 25 minutes after I was told my order would be ready , it was n't ready yet .
The luxury king room was gorgeous and the view of the city was even better .
But it was such a disappointment on our first stop of our first day to New Orleans .
We asked for one order of chips and salsa for the table ( REALLY overpriced )
What the hell was I thinking ?
We went here and got the Cuban sandwich , it was really good .
A great choice as it was Navy Bean soup with big old chunks of ham in it ! ! !
Overall , this was a great experience .
We all shared and had a difficult time deciding what we liked best .
I love the feel of this place -- it 's very charming .
A lot of tables still remained empty throughout the meal .
The grits I ordered as my side were completely unseasoned and dry , and they may have been the most bland thing I 've ever eaten .
Then they treated me like I was the asshole .
We love this place and the service ! !
We were seated and ordered the artichoke dip and a flatbread pizza .
I noticed that my friend did n't eat the roll-- it looked pretty basic / grocery store bought .
We had 9 courses and all were truly delicious .
Within about 10 minutes which felt like forever , we were asked our shoe sizes and escorted to our lanes .
The second clue would be the crates of cilantro being carried to the back while you eat .
My manpanion had the pho and he gave it an " eh " as well .
We ended up having dinner here and it was awesome .
We had been at the beach all day and were halfway back home to central Tampa .
We were too full for dessert but the ones we saw being carried to other tables looked amazing !
The staff was very attentive and friendly and recommended their sunrise mimosa - I had 4 !
There are sinks all over so you can rinse the mess off your hands once you 're done .... good touch .
The eggs Benedict and eggs Florentine were delicious .
The food was fresh , but it was just " missing something " ...
My fiancee and I ate there last night and ordered takeout .
Unfortunately , our service was really quite poor .
food was ok but it took them 30 mins to plate our food .
The restaurant was busy but we were seated immediately and not long after we were seated our waiter came for drink orders .
The place is set up like a triangle and you can see a tv no matter where you 're sitting .
And y all know that ai n't like me to not take a pic of my food ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
We 're lucky to live in the neighborhood .
I love the feel of this area in downtown St.
My favorite dishes were the burger , Brussels sprouts , crawfish dip and fried green tomatoes .
I was very impressed by the " shareability " of the food here .
I ordered 3 crepes ( $ 30 Groupon ) , 2 savory , 1 sweet , and each was the essence of perfection .
She made us California out of towers feel very welcomed .
When we mentioned it to our server she was very nice and even offered a complimentary dessert .
I get it , but they were having a full blown discussion behind the bar which all patrons could hear .
The blue cheese chips and smoked salmon dip were both incredible .
He really did his job well .
We recently checked out GM Bistro off La Canada and Lambert , and it was cramped , noisy and the food was average , only so - so .
Chicken Tikka , Chana Masala , Samosas , Alogobi , Garlic Naan , This was EXCELLENT ! !
You are completely unprofessional and undeserving of the business from the good people of Boise .
The garlic beef was very good .
The gator was just so tasty and the creole potatoes were awesome too .
For a friday night there was no waiting , service was prompt and courteous and the atmosphere dim and quiet.(which I liked ) .
We were seated by a friendly host and I was very thirsty , so I asked if they could bring us some water .
It was probably only half full , but since it was strange weather , we decided to sit indoors .
When we were there he never once came and acknocladged our presence at the restaurant .
Loved this place ! ! !
The okra was a little stringy .
It took about 15 minutes ( very reasonable , considering how busy they were ) and man , it was a good burger !
I 've eaten at Surrey 's three times in the past year , and each time my order has been borderline inedibly disgusting .
As for the quality and taste of the food itself , they were superb and the service / staff was very courteous and approachable .
Theeee best shrimp and grits I 've ever had .
and did n't have a wait .
Everything ordered at the table looked good as well .
Ribs , chicken , and sausage were delicious .
The service was prompt and friendly .
Sorry - did n't know that and it was actually surprising as the tables never did fill up .
As I told him on the way out , my only regret is that we did n't come up from SE AZ sooner ; we 've been missing A LOT !
The pizza and breadsticks were awesome .
I appreciated their thoughtfulness .
We did n't feel rushed to get out of our seats .
My fiance and I made reservations to celebrate my birthday here .
Staff happily sat our big group outdoors as we were unable to enjoy ourselves in the sweltering heat indoors .
There 's a huge parking lot encircling the mall , so no worries there either .
It 's because my entire order was Wong ...
That was the first bad sign .
The enchiladas came out with huge chunks of chicken and it was cold in the middle !
The food came out quick and was amazing .
The tasting was super chill and casual , very intimate with our small tour group all of which I enjoyed .
I apologized but he continued to yell at me on the phone .
As much as I like to think me and my guy make an unforgettable couple , it 's more likely he is uncannily unforgetful .
Each new bite we kept saying it was our favourite .
I was really disappointed in my experience .
The service was exceedingly helpful and friendly .
The hostess seemed annoyed that we did n't want to sit and just wanted milkshakes to go .
My wife had a Chimichanga it was was very big and was very tasty .
Was not sure the whole time who our waiter was .
I do n't really want to tell people about this place , but this place is da bomb ! ! !
Waaaaayyy better than Pi down the street .
Our waitress was very friendly .
Server was semi pushy , in an off putting way , which kind of made this experience worse than it should have been .
Gabby and Sheila were so polite and helpful in picking out some specials ! !
We were planning to go to the Pancake Pantry and then Fidos for a Sunday brunch but both were very crowded .
The whole vibe just sucked .
the manager did comp our check though .
The servers were really helpful in setting up our oversized quizzo team table .
Was it hamachi I was eating or shrimp ?
She always answered my emails right away and made sure that everything was perfect on the day of .
She did apologize for the food verbally but somehow we were made to feel like she could n't care less .
Folks , save your money and go to Rosita 's or Margaritas U.S.
The staff were friendly and accommodating .
The potato salad was creamy and the potatoes had the perfect consistency .
The atmosphere was laid back .
That app was sooo flavorful .
i was so impressed by the uniforms ( which shirt , black slacks and ties .
We ended up at RH&B almost by accident .
All three of them , non ramen eaters , went with rice .
The waitresses simply " dumped " the food to our table .... No smiles , no asking who the food was for .
Overall I have to say that this birthday party was THE best I 've ever had , and it was all thanks to Marmont .
I loved the Cauliflower pizza ... so buttery and garlicky and delicious ( vegetarian ) .
Everyone looked at each other like errrrr ... ? ? ?
We waited about 5 mins to be greeted , but the staff apologized and was attentive and friendly the rest of our visit .
Attentive .... average in every way .
I forgot the names of our steaks , which were both different but they were perfect .
the manager was as ignorant as can be .
This is total crap .
The chicken was fried perfectly .
We were not warned ahead of time and when I asked to see the menu the manager just said he 'd take it off the check .
The ancho chile spread was served in a small cup on the side and was so tasty -- perfect for dipping !
Set in a small strip mall near the Zoo , the food is deliciously authentic .
I ordered the garlic rosemary chips .
I know what your all thinking but everything was so small .
We decided to check this place out one Friday night when a friend from out of town was visiting .
Someone obviously crushed pretty hard on the broc while they were making it , because it was unreal and just so delicate ...
Once the food got to our table it was not hot .
I did n't touch the salmon .
I would have sent it back however I was informed they ran out of grits ( Essence Fest weekend )
We ordered our food at the same time , because we did n't know when we 'd see them again .
It was the best cookie ever .
The pizza was pretty good .
He said yes , and took my eggs .
The food was incredibly rich with flavour .
we ask to finish our meals outside , it was only spitting rain a little .
This place was soooo unexpectedly delicious ! !
The server was very patient and kind .
In between everything and at the end , I went down to the hot tub .
I eat at different locations all around the country .
The soda fountain and iced tea station are immaculate .
When I got to the counter , the cashier barely even looked at me .
It was very fresh tasting and the place was cute .
The hubby loved the calamari .
Pretentious BIG time .
It was ok , but I wo n't be back for pizza only .
This was one of the first places we ate at when we came to Tucson .
The crepe was also delicious ; I really could n't choose which one was better !
The food there is absolutely amazing .
There were a few other groups there so the noise was ok .
The rooms were a bit on the small side and we could hear everything our neighbors said .
We killed it with a napkin and we were so hungry and know things are crazy with the storm coming .
We purchased a loaf of white bread , a cereal bar , peanut butter brownie , and nutter butter cookie sandwich .
We had a great time .
The service was stellar as was my wife 's manicotti ( stellar as in heavenly .
My only complaint is that the chips we shared were stale , and horribly over salted .
Henry 's is the kind of place you want to keep to yourself , for fear of it becoming so crowded you ca n't ever find a seat !
The coffee was fantastic .
The gumbo tasted quite good .
The banh mi was really yummy , especially the bread .
An epic disappointment on my wedding weekend .
The manager Shawn Bracken and our waiter clearly care about their customers and the entire experience at PF Chang 's .
But when we ordered dessert that 's when it took 20 mins .
We really should n't have stayed , but we were really looking forward to the Moroccan experience .
And we ask separate check the guy said " we do nt do separate check when we are busy . "
It was also not the greatest experience because 2 workers were arguing loudly at the front of the store .
Dazu gibt es richtig guten deutschen Kartoffelsalat .
We would have preferred to sit inside and enjoy the live music but the host did n't bother asking us our preference .
It comes on these large plates and it 's just a embarrassing .
The surrounding area around the store is so cute as well .
And the vibe , for my Rochester friends , is a Nawlins version of Nick Tahou 's , and I mean that in the best way , of course .
this was my last trip there : ( .
Needless to say I actually did n't eat dinner .
We found Brummis ' to be very friendly , the food was top quality and the price was very reasonable .
Coming over often just to start conversation with us and even sitting down with us towards the end of the meal to talk to us .
The general manager Shannon is very accommodating .
Oh the sweet sweet baklava !
It also sort of tasted like it was re - heated , not freshly made ... I would dine there only as a last resort ...
Really spectacular and attentive service .
As a state , MD wants you to spend your discretionary income in MD w/o jeopardizing your health or MD workers health .
The dining room was packed when we arrived with 3 open dirty tables .
Our lunch was very good , our server seemed to have wanted to be else where , she seemed a little pissed off .
We arrived a little before 6 pm on a Friday night and I was n't sure if the place was open .
I guess that 's the idea and maybe we should have asked to sit in a different area .
The waitress was very friendly .
Throughout the whole night we split apps , flights , and ordered more drinks .
We ordered a few different items off of the happy hour menu and they were all delicious .
We did n't place our dinner order until I was almost done with my glass of wine .
I did not expect that the entire bowl of soup would be covered in red pepper flakes .
I 've got to hand it to the vegans / vegetarians .
We were all very happy with the people who worked there and the food .
The positive were the prices .
Some of the dishes were absolutely amazing , while others were quite weird .
Food was deliciousssss , service was great and the interior is beautiful .
Our main courses were a bit disappointing .
since the real takoyaki supposed to be only using octopus as its ' meat .
A few waitresses heard my complaints and thanked me as they said they have been trying to tell them this too .
I was pleasantly surprised by the overall cleanliness of the restaurant .
We cut it in pieces and used a knive to spread it on the tortillas as if they were crackers .
Another friend who was at a different table told a similar story .
( we had to find her to get the bill AND to pay the bill ) she also got our Oder wrong , which happens so understandable .
The waiter seemed overwhelmed and not as attentive as he could have been .
I 'm a bit disappointed in this place .
My daughter recommended we go here and after sitting there for a few minutes I figured out why .
As we were watching the employees , I was blown away by how slow they moved .
It 's a nice place ambiance wise in a very good location .
The Greek salad was amazing : very fresh greens , feta cheese , cucumbers and Kalamata olives .
The salad was fresh and crisp .
The food ( both times we ate there ) was excellent .
The manager noticed without us complaining and comped several drinks and dessert .
the cake itself was good .
The mushroom soup had to be made by Angels it was amazing .
When we finished my Mom was still hungry and wanted to order more food ( we are not really big eaters ) .
( I chose beer battered ) This was probably the best fish taco I have ever had .
As I 've said , we were really early so we got to watch the prep of the restaurant between the the lunch and the dinner service .
The staff is very knowledgeable of the menu as well as the surrounding areas .
Almost feels like it belongs downtown it 's so nice tucked in here .
The cherry on top , one of our guests had to smash a bug crawling up the wall of our booth .
Carrot cake was amazing .
I took my first bite and I was in heaven .
Overall , we were very satisfied with the dinner .
It was pretty awesome to basically have as much sashimi as I wanted ( we did n't even get 30 pieces each ) .
It 's very unassuming since they outside looks like it 's an old dry cleaner drive through attached to the co - kart place .
It was a wonderful surprise , because the pizza was fantastic .
We had Sunday brunch and most of our group was really disappointed .
The flatbreads were pretty good .
Why is this called a rotisserie ?
After a brief wait , the eggs were delivered .
The choices included Belgian waffles , french toast , blintzes , Mahi , and a few other savory dishes .
This was my first time experiencing this place and it was soooooo unique .
The restaurant itself was small , but we had no problem getting a seat right away !
We both got the unsweetened iced tea , which was delicious and refreshing .
5 minutes after that , so by my reckoning 1 hour and 15 minutes after we sat down , our food came .
The salmon was super buttery .
what a cool name ! !
i had the beef pho which i did n't care for because the meat was a bit grisly and i 'm not a fan of tripe .
My wife and I agreed that it was probably one of the single best food items we have both ever tasted !
We loved all the food -- from the Muhammara to the Lebanese Chai Latte , every bite was delicious .
I went there with 3 friends and we all 3 left full and very much satisfied for $ 16 !
I went in here the other day for a rehearsal dinner and it was the worst service .
After we had a problem with our online order we contacted them and they refunded our money and sent us free coffee !
We both ordered hibachi dinners and were extremely disappointed .
We walked in a little before closing and we were welcomed with open arms and even got a free appetizer .
Thanks for coming to reno .
4 stars for Skyway , def worth checking out .
The macaroni was very cheesy and had a hint of black pepper .
There are Gewurtz 's , Spatleses , Kabinetts , and a bunch of beautiful German reds that are both unexpected and delightful .
when the food finally arrived , this guy just tossed our food on the table instead of carefully setting the hot plates down .
We asked the waiter if we could speak to the boss and the waiter said that chef was the boss .
The salad , meatballs , gnocchi , flatbreads , and cacciotore were fantastic .
My 2 friends and I felt as if we were in heaven , we love it here .
I had the chicken breast , braised cabbage , and Mac and cheese .
I 've only been to their casino and I love that its only an hour away from Orlando yet it feels so far .
My favorite happy hour spot .
It is BYO and the setting is small and intimate .
We ordered a large deep dish .
The Nutella banana cream was delicious as well .
Between the 3 of us , we ordered the half dozen of chargrilled oysters .
Only down fall is it is really humid in the restaurant itself .
They 've really just gone downhill over the years - the second biggest reason I wo n't go back .
Vegan pulled ' pork ' was not superb but pretty OK
My wife said " yes " and waited for the order .....
And I loved that the place was very , very clean .
My dad and I have birthdays very close to each other 's , so we all went out to celebrate yesterday .
We had the egg rolls as an appetizer which were quite good .
We ate at Cava twice over the Labor Day weekend and absolutely loved it .
We got the pull - away rolls which were very nice when they came out warm .
I forgot our servers name :( but he was excellent and made the night so fun .
We waited in line for about 8 minutes regardless of it being a huge line going out side .
The waitresses are very friendly and attentive .
Thanks to this place I am now officially a fan and ca n't wait to eat their food again !
Overall , we loved the food and ambiance here-- a perfect ending to our trip !
Louis and this one is the best .
hubby and i ordered apps- he got zinger boneless wings , and i got the guacamole .
I ordered a seafood salad as my entree , my friend ahi tuna ( seared ) and my other friend a chicken sandwich .
The Eggs Benedict were worth the wait
The tres leches cake was amazing !
Shinon the bartender was helpful and accommodating .
I was kind of looking for something a little different and we were celebrating baes birthday .
Our breakfasts were prepared correctly and both were delicious .
No one at the front desk even cared to explain the situation and why the charged were ut on the cards .
We went to the location on Oak Street .
Bucket of peanuts on the table along with an empty bucket for the shells ( reminds me of Topeka 's ) .
Eat here at your own risk , we had a friend in from out of state and it ruined our night .
The shop itself is absolutely adorable and it is very reasonably priced .
The chicken enchalidas were excellent .
We were staying in downtown but took at 15 min Uber ride over to check it out .
That is a HUGE deal .
We were seated in the back room which was nice and had the best server .
I sat next to the fish tank and ordered fish tacos of course and a Ice tea .
And I about licked my plate clean .
We were sick for days .
The food was brought out in a timely manner .
We looked at the time and it was 10:30 ON THE NOSE .
It is disrespectful that the waiters and waitresses are even making suggestions like that .
So it was a good sign for me .
Nothing blew our minds(Migas were marginal IMO but I 'm from the tex mex capital ) but it was all good .
In the end , I 'm glad I did .
My hubby apparently loves this place as it 's close to his office but during lunch on a Friday , it was a nightmare to get there .
Xtreme Tacos has become one of my favorite places .
We ordered the fried pickles and they tasted OLD .
My only complaint ; the " loaded " waffle fries were really skimped out .
one else in my group had bbq beans , I sampled and those had a nice tang & were cooked just right .
The restaurant itself is just cold ....
( I recommend a location in Virginia ! )
:D Bit of advice : order a small bowl of pho ... its still huge .
We ordered bunch of stuffs and ate it together as a group .
It was right near our hotel so that helped .
Delco standards are so low .... :(
We had reservations and were seated right away by a very nice hostess .
The pizza had a very good taste and everyone at my table was satisfied with the pizza .
We got lucky because it was Fall break at Vanderbilt so we got in right away .
I was greeted and brought directly to my table immediately ( I did make a reservation ) .
The one I had the next day was the American .
Breanna was always willing to talk on the phone or via email .
Not really sure what the deal with it was , but it was good .
We wo n't visit this location again ! !
Opryland charges for parking but we park over at the mall and cut through cause I am cheap and the mall parking is free .
She broke a dish on the floor , and overall was a bit sloppy .
We live in the neighborhood and have eaten here many times .
even my cat turned her nose up too it .
I do n't know exactly what it is , but it tastes like pumpkin or some other type of squash .
I asked our sweet southern waitress what she recommended and she said the sweet potato pancakes were hands down best thing .
This is the best place in town .
Now the food ... THE FOOD was fantastic !
The server and manager were super understanding and nice tho .
The last 3 pizzas I 've purchased have been awful .
We were just driving through the area and saw this place .
My father in - law got the french toast and his exact words were , " This may be the best french toast I 've ever had " .
The pork belly was a little drier than I expected .
The fries- meh .
The menu listed egg on the salad and there was none .
What ruined the experience was poor communication .
After dinner , we almost made a big mistake because we were n't sure if we were going to have dessert .
First time trying , but probably wo n't be back .
The only down side is they 're in a small , noisy space and the wait for a table can be on the long side .
The place was very crowded but we managed to get a table .
The menu was vegetarian friendly , too .
No one else in my party was particularly impressed with their dishes either .
Told we could n't sit outside because the wait staff could n't accommodate , so they sat us inside .
We ordered baby back ribs and there was a good portion but the ribs were dry as anything . "
Once we were seated the service was pretty quick and friendly .
She told me the gratuity info was posted on their website .
He then explained that our food was incorrect and she told him he was lying .
There seemed to be a little bit of organized chaos going on behind the counter , but they must have their system down .
especially since I practically live next door .
I f'n love this place .
The kofta was incredible .
We then saw them pull a raw piece of meat out of the oven and throw it away .
And finally we found a table I asked my server if we can move there she said sure .
Next she wiped the seats , pushing the food bits to the floor .
My favorite roll was the Saki roll .
The luau french toast , made on hawaiian bread was pretty good too .
Pros : it tasted like Pizza
Service was friendly and prompt , food was beautiful to look at , the aromas were enticing , and the taste was outstanding .
The chili was spicy and good .
We also shared the crawfish bisque and the shrimp and grits , which were both delicious as well .
Yes , its just a taqueria ... but I loved it !
I can not say enough what a pleasure it was to work with Breanna , the venue manager and Eli , the food and beverage director .
Given the reviews here , we we went for it .
b- I ca n't ever remember their chana masala , so it does n't really stick out too much .
We shared a salad which was great .
I wo n't wait that long but be aware of that because they do n't take reservations .
All I can say is that I am happy that I ordered the bowl and not the cup !
Recently visited this little tucked away gem in the Edge district of St.
The hubs ordered Shepard 's Pie and LOVED it !
The lil lady cooking was a sweetheart she brought everything out to the car piping hot ! ! ! !
Very minor but then I 'm thinking to myself " why 'd you take my name ? ! "
Service was ... wait what service ? !
The jalebi is so delicious ; I can only eat a few tiny pieces though , because it is so sweet !
Anyways , the server finally came over and she was like , frazzled and all and asked for us to give our order .
It was unusually busy for a Saturday night .
I contacted The Urban Juicer to tell about our experience .
I think the issue was the crust - it was was pretty hard and overly crispy .
Our server did n't even tell us his name and took forever for him to take our drink order .
There was NO stuffing in the pepper .
My other friend ordered the Cancer Roll $ 15 which was spicy tuna , seaweed , salad , eel , masago , soft shell crab .
It slid right off in pieces .
Just about threw our money back at us .
Brandon did n't even finish his steak it was so terrible , when a man does n't finish steak , you know it 's bad !
I took the first bite and almost got sick .
The company has various locations , so wherever you are in the tri - state area you wo n't be too far from one of their stores .
Fancy schmancy .
Shame that it was on the pricey side , $ 19.95 .
After our meals we got our dessert .
This is a such a dependably tasty place to go for lunch , if you 're anywhere near JFK Blvd .
As soon as I entered in this diner it felt like entering in someone 's home .
The mac and cheese was really good .
The few components that we did try were completely flavorless .
The food was just ok ... nothing super special .
The bartender was very attentive and provided great service , made us feel like valued guest
It took us a very long time to get our food .
it 's an accident waiting to happen .
The lighting was very dim which was an issue for the grandparents reading the menu .
The Duck Fried rice was incredible .
The tortilla 's tasted fresh and the guacamole was perfectly chunky .
My selection was the Chopped Italian salad .
So , it 's safe to say that this is a great spot to get food in general -- whether you 're a vegan or otherwise !
However , the manager came back out and very rudely asked us " did you understand when I said our kitchen was on a hold ? "
When I got home and took a bite out a sandwich I found a nice long piece of blonde hair ...
The fries were tasty .
We are from a " foodie " resort town in Michigan and were lucky to find a true foodie place here in St.
We ordered Seafood Platters , which came with catfish , oysters , shrimp , fries , and a delicious house salad , as an appetizer .
Sucks as this is the only pho place around and i finally grew to like their pho .
I kind of do n't understand the place to be honest .
One waitress was very friendly , but the other , Jess , I think her name was , omg ! !
This infuriated me after not being able to reach them on the phone , then drove over , to find that out .
The background radio ' noise ' was intrusive .
The women working here are friendly and very attentive .
What an amazing place ! !
The manager comped my salad and apologized .
Our cocktails were good and the atmosphere was nice , but we were really disappointed with the food :(
To be honest , I was kind of disappointed with this place .
The appetizers are good - I 've had Calamari and Polpette ( Maria 's Meatballs ) - both were delicious .
Our cups stayed full throughout the entire meal and our waitress was very knowledgeable and helpful with recommendations .
My friend ordered the pho and was impressed .
The server was very nice .
Naturally Burger Republic was the spot of choice since they wanted some great burgers .
I was disgusted by her behavior and she should be ashamed of herself .
I N T E N T I O N A L I T Y.
The whole place was rather dead , probably since it was the day before Thanksgiving .
The sandwiches we got were fabulous .
I did n't want to send it back because it was already 10:30 and I was just so hungry at that point .
Minutes later as requested and they said they did n't get the order .
It was a good time for all .
My wife , the ultimate breakfast snob , declared that her omelette was " way better than Mother 's . " .
The atmosphere and decor was perfectly done .
Of the 3 places I tried , Tony Jr 's was definitely the best and was closest to our hotel .
I expected the server to say let me bring coffee or a desert as an apology , but we got nada .
I really wanted to enjoy my experience here because I 've heard good things about the Boy Scout Blvd .
I was SO JELLY over his order .
However the tables and chairs were taken .
My family and friends came here last night for a little birthday party .
Definitely did n't enjoyed my protein .
The pepperoni was a little crispy ( good thing ) and the wings were , too .
The place is off the beaten path in an industrial section of Tucson .
This has got to be the worst experience we 've had in a very long time .
Wow did n't think it could get better after the nachos .... guess what ... I thought wrong !
Wo n't be going back to the ole Westmont Diner anytime soon .
Do n't bother calling an order ahead becuase chances are they wo n't answer the phone during breakfast hours .
They are nestled in a little cove off of Bustleton Ave between County Line and Street Road .
the wait for our food was far too long considering that it was 11 PM and there was hardly anybody there .
We ordered crab stuffed mushrooms and a French onion soup to share .
I love chipotle , but this location is just terrible .
I ordered the delmonico steak ( my favorite cut ) .
The spice that encrusted the trout was coarsely ground so it gave a beautiful contrast to the meaty fish .
It was pretty greasy .
I m really glad that it 's under new managment because last summer when i went there is was really disappointing .
My new favorite Thai restaurant .
We sat near the kitchen door and during our lengthy stay you could see the kitchen staff was barely keeping things together .
I think he knew when we were ready to order because his timing was perfect .
They all set the stage right away to let you know you 've come to the right place .
We each got a glass of wine and cost was $ 25 each including tax and tip !
FIRST : Hoagie Dip--- Hoagie Dip usually makes me a little quesy , but Sbraga 's was a delightful fluff of deliciousness .
There were 2 Botha and 4 counter stools occupied .
The server was welcoming and offered suggestions for us after we made her aware of some dietary restrictions .
The quiches ( I got both Lorraine and Florentine ) looked and tasted great .
I just had to write a review after our visit today , because the food was truly exceptional !
Everything about this place was amazing ! ! !
Sad and disappointed on many levels .
The filling was chalky .
The service was prompt and the servers were polite .
Yo living for this pizza tho .
Clever drinks , tri the Rabbit 's Foot , it was great !
When my bf and I looked at the rating for this place I thought , wow how come we 've never gone there ?
We gave them a second chance , and we wo n't be back .
But instead of fixing this issue she decided to argue with us , which was completely unprofessional .
You can sit on the floor at a little table on soft cushions .
Amazing service Carol was friendly and very helpful .
THE CARROT CAKE WAS UNBELIEVABLY MOIST AND DELICIOUS !
My husband ordered the sourdough pancakes , and I was impressed the second i took a bite .
The actual restraunt itself is nice and clean but it was very warm in there making it uncomfortable to enjoy the food .
Lovely , the actual problem was how to scoop up the guacamole and queso fundido we ordered with them .
The cheats are so tasty and dipping them in the queso is just heavenly .
The rice was fluffy , and again , perfectly cooked .
I settle for the beef soup .
The last several times we 've dined , the experience has been hit or miss , unfortunately .
We made our way to Surrey 's one morning before checking out the WWII D Day museum ( just a few blocks apart ) .
Portions of the actual meat are pretty small .
I hope there was no disease in the Nile waters , uh no .
It seemed like everyone was fighting over the biscuits .
My boyfriend and I took his grandparents to Docs to celebrate his grandfathers 60th birthday .
Everything was great except the vegetables , which were pretty bland .
We were there for 30 minutes before WE flagged down a waiter .
It was a blast and the kids loved it !
I was too hungry to wait that long and told the bf we HAD to go back but earlier .
When he called back , he simply placed an order and she took it .
It 's a ' pay as you leave " place , and the cash register is right next to the main entrance .
I guess it 's just one of those places where people dine later in the evening .
The atmosphere & food were superb !
My family and I ate at Bub 's today .
It 's neighborhoody in a sense that you feel like part of the Jon 's family , which I loved .
After 30 minutes we asked the waitress when we could expect the meals .
Was our first visit and certainly not our last .
My friend and I made the mistake of coming here after being famished after a long day .
The beds were soft and modern .
The owner usually stands behind the register , she usually does n't say anything to any of the shopper unless she knows them .
We recently took 8 family members to CVGE for dinner .
We left very unhappy about the price .
We had the charbroiled oysters and they were delicious !
Ca n't imagine how clean the kitchen is ?
My parents ordered hot ginger tea which was equally novel and enjoyable .
Overall our room was really nice , we ordered room service once and it was okay .
We decided to give it a try and I 'm SO glad that we did !
Ca n't wait to try his other 2 Nashville restaurants !
In fact , we ordered " seconds " of the papardelle and scallops because they were so delicious .
Atmosphere was a bit crowded and we were seated by the door on a cold night so that could have been better .
The flavor was intense .
The poutine fries were really good ! !
Really liked this place during two previous visits .
By far my favorite sushi place in St.
Erin our server was sweet and efficient .
The fries were loaded down with salt ... it felt like I was eating a pound of salt .
it 's just the right amount of sticky .
Its an entire wall filled with gulf fish .
Surprisingly , the food that sticks out to me the most was the foie gras soup .
Our order was taken pretty promptly but it took over a half hour for our pancake to be served .
Our server seemed like a nice guy ..
The cold brew was mediocre .
We love getting breakfast here at Mena 's Palace when we stay in NOLA .
Our second time to Cafe Fleur De Lis !
I loved my dinner at Aldine last weekend .
It was 2 pm and I had n't eaten all day so needless to say , I was starving ! !
Not a single person offered us help , napkins , or even IF WE WERE OKAY .
It 's a nice place in the middle of no where ..
There was quite a bit of sauce and I was all for that , and the wings were pretty meaty .
We sat at that booth for 17 minutes with absolutely no contact with an employee .
We pulled up about 8 pm and the open sign was turned off .
The place was very crowded .
We ordered the spicy chicken flat bread .
It was so large that I ended up sharing it with everyone in my group .
The pizza toppings and cheese were really fresh .
I would n't go back , but it was n't a terrible experience .
I got chicken and a coke and the total was roughly $ 10 , and I was stuffed .
Best part of the night was the Keeling Schaffer wine and pizza at Empire .
Someone else had stopped to bring us more water .
So it is hard for me to dissect all of the different points that I have come to know , very well , about this location .
The only downfall is that the hotel is huge so it was a long walk from my room to get to the convention center
My sister ordered the stuffed shells .
I asked to be seated at another booth -- so we then were seated 1 row over from the kitchen entry ...
my husband and I visited here on fri 6/9 .
And there is FREE ( yes , FREE ! ) PARKING for Kampai in the garage right next to it .
Once I got the pizza it was burned and black on the outside of the pizza and on the bottom .
The food was fresh .
I had the venison corn dog sticks .. They were so tough I had to tear the meat apart and all the dough fell off .
I do n't know what so special about this place .
we are easily the best - dressed people in the vicinity .
The donut holes were honestly way over cooked .
The first one was lit , but the right half of the door was missing .
He realized we were there to take our time , and we did not feel rushed .
She did not ask me if I wanted a replacement ( even though I would have said no , it would have been nice if she had offered ) .
It took 5 min .
The plates of food I saw come out looked amazing as well .
It happened by default , as most of the restaurants on Main Street were closed .
We really like this place .
This was the first place where we took nearly 20 min to decide what we wanted to eat !
The service there was amazing ! !
you wo n't be sorry fellow chocolate lovers .
It was basically inedible ... the best thing was my daughter 's French toast ( which was still just average ) .
The boy asked me to mention he did n't love the onions in his soup but the rest of the meal was fantastic ! ! ! !
I love this place :)
We were told that there was a thirty minute wait .
We yelped local places and came upon Zeko 's .
we were able to find a reservation on short notice , and were seating within ten minutes of arriving .
This place is a must stop for locals and tourists alike ! !
It was relaxing being on the boat , and we bought a couple drinks .
Very attentive , nice and even bought out a dessert because it was also one of my friend 's bday .
Was our best meal in NOLA .
The attendant there immediately took sympathy on me and made me a good ginger tea .
She was so busy that we never got the chance to really flag her down .
Further inspection revealed a large oil slick on top of the soup .
Sorry to be such an inconvenience !
The staff exceeded our expectations with their attentiveness and attention to detail .
Jason , waiter was excellent and knowledgeable .
Grave danger ladies and gentleman ! ! ! ! !
Based on the recent reviews here my expectations were n't high .
There were some off things about their service .
We went a little later ( 8:15 ) on a Saturday night and the place was very busy but we were seated right away .
We had friends in 2 other hotels and neither of them had to wait in the hall .
The restaurant was bright and quite big .
We were lucky that it happened to be a Friday night because there was a belly dancer there !
The fish was light and yummy .
We were treated to a free coffee after the meal as well as a spin of the wheel which led to a free dessert .
The guy running the place was very nice , too .
They even have an area where you can sit on the floor and eat , though it was empty when we were there .
It 's nice sitting near the windows right on the edge of the nature reserve .
We waited in line for about 30 minutes ( I understand this is popular , so it 's fine ) .
However , judging on food alone , it was a - ok .
The service was fast and courteous .
I can tell you that I 've never even experienced something so Italian ( outside my family ) even in NY !
I was impressed by the general managers attention to detail .
The food was nothing special .
Not only was the food excellent the atmosphere and outside dining was spectacular ! ! !
The food I saw looked good though .
The tepary beans were excellent .
My brother had the porterhouse .
We asked for a few minutes and he was very nice and said sure no problem .
the chicken sandwich was pale .
It 's centrally located so there are tons of restaurants and museums within walking distance .
1st of all , we waited 45mins patiently w/ a hungry Hubby , 2yr old , 7yr old , & myself .
I had a bite of the lime cheesecake and it was top notch , too .
It passed with flying colors .
All the large plates our # squad got were so good .
The fries are sweet potato and the siracha aoili was magnificent .
One of our favorite Mexican places in the area .
The egg sandwich was fantastic .
When asked to sample a few we were told that we could only pay for a 4 oz .
This is just quite a great place for everyone .
Pina 's is easily one of the mroe underated places to eat in Roxborough .
I paid extra for the Go Zilla and the extra piece of chicken was definitely worth it .
I had the New York steak & my friends had a variety of other entrees & we were all pleased with the quality of our choices !
I really enjoyed this place .
Good food , horrible service ! ! !
Most things in the hotel we 're very expensive .
Counter person was very helpful .
Overall , the dish had no flavor , even after dumping the fish sauce over it , and the meat was downright disgusting .
The Kei tuna was so so good .
He asked , I told , and 15 minutes later the naan finally arrived .
( It was 110 degrees that day . ) Decor is a mix of industrial and southwest ... the staff was very friendly .
It took 50 minutes for our food to arrive .
Then my order arrived ... D'oh ... the holes were for the giant cone of fries that nestle perfectly in them .
My coworker and I literally drive passed 3 other well known taco places just to come here for lunch .
It was good , but , after finally having the chance to come here myself ...... I AM IN LOVE ! ! !
Although we came on a Sunday , there was , thankfully , no wait !
The restaurant looks closed from the outside .
Horchata : Dude said people show up just for the horchata and I believe him .
Petersburg what real coffee tastes and smells like !
The bathroom and theater was dirty .
The grilled mixed mushrooms and lamb sausage were so flavorful !
The shop itself is pretty small so there are n't many tables , but that 's alright .
Overall it was a really nice experience which was a pleasant surprise for a touristy location .
Drove here from Franklin with high expectations and wo n't be back .
I had the turkey with avocado , etc & it was ok .
It 's in the old train depot by the Reno Aces ballpark .
That was the LAST time she came to check on us except when it was time to get the check .
" Are you the assistant manager or something ? "
My wife and I really enjoyed this place .
The only good I saw all night .
It was the worst meal I ever had , and my friends agree .
If you love beer and your traveling through St.
The server we had was great , she was attentive , and kept our drinks filled , despite being completely busy .
You can totally tell and what a shame .
But damn , that was one of the finest side dishes I 've ever had the pleasure of eating .
So when the server , who 's very sweet , brought out all three plates with lots of green onion , we were bewildered .
Think again , I felt instant cavities forming because it was extremely sweet .
The Metro station is RIGHT out the back door , through the parking lot and you are there .
Both dishes were very tasty .
So glad we did as we all enjoyed our meals so much .
There is not a lot of places to eat that is close by to the casino ( that I know of ) .
The service was perfect and friendly as was the total atmosphere .
The inside is absolutely gorgeous and pristine .
The shrimp were amazing ! ! !
When I walked in the owner was really REALLY nice and helped me out with my order .
The entire meal , start to finish , was incredible .
We also had access to a lot of the boat and were able to go into the engine room and see how the ship operates .
We ordered this with pork as the waiter told us this was the traditional way .
This is the best Thai food in St.
The salmon was really good .
Anyways , we had a little reunion with one of my buddies from out of town and went to check out Lee House 's latest digs .
Never apologized to , nor given any sense of caring .
I overheard them say they were on a budget with a humble look in their eyes .
I was so disappointed in this meal .
We stood by the drink station waiting for a seat , not because every table was taken but because several had not been bussed .
It was fun to watch the trains go by .
We were only supposed to stay one night but got so sucked in that we just HAD to stay another one !
The next time we saw our server , minutes later , she was making tea .
Our server Mila was very good .
I would 've given it five stars however the only downside it had was there 's only one cash register .
The breakfast was really incredible and the juice was so fresh .
The young girls that are there do n't really talk or smile or anything .
When you come here it 's like taking a step back in time when things were a little more simple .
I got the sweet potato pancakes , my husband the pecan pancakes and we shared hash browns & bacon - it was all fantastic .
I did n't get her name but she got a good tip and we will be coming back for sure !
The guy working there told him it would be $ 14 for the platter and $ 2 for the side .
I was not the one on the phone call , so I did not think I was going to be treated poorly , but I was .
Fourth , our bill was extremely high .
Especially the actual hosts waiting in the front of the restaurant .
I did t receive everything I ordered .
Beautifully decorated rum cake and coconut cake were moist and fresh , tasted wonderful .
The bar staff were very attentive and made good recommendations .
My husband chose VW as the venue for last Tuesday 's date night .
I forgot their food " look .
About 5 minutes after ordering our first drink , they announced it was last call ... at 10:15 PM on a Friday night !
- We tried a bunch of stuff which are all pretty mediocre .
wow , and those carrots were spicy .
Pasta was very good .
Regardless , it was the busiest time of day ( noon ) but I 'm sure they were pressing for time .
Went to the convenience store in the hotel to find it was locked up .
I 'd never heard of Zoup before , but apparently it 's an east coast chain restaurant .
There was also an ice cream station at the front of the restaurant , which we sadly did not partake in .
The cincher for me was that the staff were clearly aware of what was occurring but made no attempt to control the crowd .
There was no overt heat in the corn , which was a bit of a relief from the spiciness of the meal .
The workers at this restaurant were extremely disrespectful and the service was terrible .
The ambiance was terrific .
We spoke with the bartender a little bit , who was a super nice guy .
piece of meat , but we did and shared it .
My individual plate was the exotic mushroom pizzetta .
We regret going there and I wish we would 've taken them to a different restaurant .
Yeah , I said doggone .
The sangria was also very tasty .
It was literally just vegetable / canola oil .
We went on a sunday evening around 6:30 pm and we were the only ones there .
He proceeded by pushing the chair into the back of her legs and forcing her to sit down .
" You are slowing me down , give me the bloody ticket ! "
There was about 8 of us which is probably the ideal number ( 8 - 10 ) comfortably sat around a round table .
Only downside - it gets packed , and there 's really no place to wait .
The staff is incredibly kind and accommodating .
My sons and I enjoyed our meal .
The food was delicious though and the staff was attentive .
The pie was really good .
So when he left , I asked my dining partner what the deal was , and she said , " You ordered over easy eggs easy over . "
All in all , I wo n't be going back there again unless we 're strictly getting dessert only .
Probably one of the best things all night .
The cauliflowers and carrots were crispy , and the juice had a light but very tasty flavor .
When I reheated the pizza and made sure it was well done , it was actually pretty tasty .
Our server , Catelyn was fantastic .
They ask you to take a seat upstairs and they follow you shortly after .
Both items were very good .
Sitting at a hight top gave us a great vantage point to observe the bar action as well as the main entrance .
Tandoori chicken and chicken curry were OK .
The environment / ambiance were great but the host/ seating situation was awful !
We had it for breakfast and it was wonderful !
When we finally got it the pizza and potatoes were cold .
Our server , Joe is extremely attentive and friendly and makes wonderful suggestions .
I used to go to a Stawberry Shortcake store in the spot where Cuenelli 's Rotisserie Chicken now stands .
My husband and I lucked out and sat at the chef 's counter and watched them bring out plates upon plates of beautiful entrees .
It 's honestly the only burger place I approve of that s in the city .
The two of us got out of there for just under 100 bucks which included a bottle of wine and desert .
No one left a morsel on their plates .
Did n't have any major complaints .
Each bite prompted an " mmmm " and I experienced a bout of sadness when I realized I had devoured it all so quickly .
What actually , unfortunately , happened : The waitstaff gave us a bunch of napkins and apologized a couple of times .
Extremely disappointed and disgusted with this place .
Very VERY happy we decided to try this place out .
It was not horrible , but for everything that we had heard about this place , I would have expected much better .
The food was excellent .
The food was EXCELLENT .
I had been waiting for months to come here to the " Best Taco Place " in St.
After almost 15 minutes we decided to just walk out .
My husband and I stumbled on this place one night as we were driving around aimlessly looking for somewhere to eat .
But anyway ... the food was delicious .
I ca n't attest to the other menu items , but that hardly matters .
Highly recommended by our cousin Scott .
Was n't quite sure if I enjoyed it or not ( I finished it all ) but it was definitely an interesting experience !
Everyone snarfed - it was good and tasty and all our needs were met attentively by the quiet waiter .
Our meals included pizza , salad , pasta .
Sliced into 6 pieces .
The servers were relay talkative and helpful .
The sauce was excellent .
Two servers then came by and said sorry because for there was a misunderstanding about who was going to serve our table ? ?
When she dropped out check off she did n't even make eye contact with me .
All you could taste was bad fryer grease as they were also cooked to death .
They even brought free dessert because they look so long on our order even though it was n't long at all !
The problem was a more personal issue .
My only concern was the amount of open space in the actual restaurant felt a little ...
Every server and staff member were in positive moods and had their own preferences .
Those were the worst tacos of my life , this is sad day .
Great food , great service , ! !
The veggies were so soggy , almost inedible .
The food came out promptly after ordering as a nice change of pace and was pretty good .
well the whole blood sausage things is a little freaky so I stay away .
The kid who brought out the food did n't warn is how hot the plates where .
My girlfriend and I decided we wanted to dine in .
But I will not hold that against Surrey 's because we secretly were stalling because we did n't want to walk back in the rain .
The Korean fried chicken was flavorful and extra crunchy which I enjoyed .
It 's more a French soft bread than and Italian loaf , so it 's up to you .
The taste of the island include curry goat , Ox tail and jerk chicken .
The chicken was super tasty as well as the dipping sauces .
He later came back and half - heartedly apologize but it ruined the whole experience .
Well come to find out they booked us for was 2 island view rooms and 1 bay room .
Finally we got everything straightened out and were told that we needed a 50 $ deposit for incidentals .
We go here all the time for brunch ; it is our fave place !
We were greeted instantly , and seated in the dining area , being that we were here for sushi and not hibachi .
the toasted ravioli .
All of our orders were recommended .
The chicken tenders looked very juicy and the lemon pie was huge .
One guy checked us out but had to be a real jerk .
The same person who greeted us also seated our group .
The other thing is , no one offered to open the wine while we were waiting , as many BYO 's will do if they ca n't seat you on time .
Park in the lot across the street , because parking is the worst part of the experience .
There were plenty of veggies , fruit , and chicken .
But everyone else in my party of 10 enjoyed their meal , and we had a great time .
The onions were sliced to a good size and the breading was crispy , although it had a strange , bitter aftertaste .
These people do n't care .
The rice was dry .
This is one of the best places in Tucson .
We were outside in the freezing cold at least 15 minutes .
It was pure breakfast magic .
Upon entering , I asked one of the store workers about their recommended pastry .
It only tasted like oil , and when I poked the bread oil just oozed out .
We also heard her pacify a rather drunk and obnoxious patron sitting near us in a very tactful way .
I sent a follow - up email this morning , but still have yet to hear back .
The passion fruit margarita was very good also .
After giving us our meals , the only other time she came by was to give us the check .
Ca n't wait to dig in tomorrow .
The food was good but I wo n't be back .
We got seated about 35 minutes late .
It was served black , extremely overcooked to the point where I started to question what kind of meat it actually was .
I enjoyed the vegetarian feast both nights and the feast was a little different on each occasion .
Overall , this was a good experience .
It 's BYO and there is plenty of parking in the Spread Eagle Village lot .
The beignets are very good too
There was n't a disappointed mouth in the room .
No wait ... don't go !
I do n't know what happened , in my mind the dish looked different , even the picture on the menu was different .
All the dishes were very good .
They did not offer to take it off of our bill , and they seemed so busy that our dissatisfaction was the least of their worries .
We lingered a while after dinner to finish the wine and did not feel unwelcome or rushed at all .
Our host was Xavier and he was GREAT !
Sunday brunch : the service was good , although our waitress seemed a bit nervous and uncertain .
Unfortunately we came to this location for a quick snack and Laurie was rude from the moment we entered the drive through .
They knew to bring the check to the table , they checked for refills , etc .
- The homemade bread is delicious .
I ordered the salmon and my boyfriend ordered the fillet minoin .
It did n't blow my mind .
" Sriracha aioli , " you think , " .... yawn . "
Even when you sit at the wood here the service is normally a bit slow and standoffish which is odd .
The romaine was unbelievably green , crisp and fresh .
Had a very satisfying experience !
The service was amazing .
We ordered some food and were somewhat disappointed .
We go to Qdoba all the time , so I thought this would be a similar experience .
Even after we finished our food 40 minutes later , we never heard him calling again .
Desert was awesome we shared a big slice of mud pie !
We had waffles , scrambled eggs , and a breakfast burrito at our table , and everything was superb .
Our server came and took our order .
The restaurant is essentially on Binford , two blocks north of 62nd street , or one block south of 65th street .
I 've only been here once , overall it was a good experience .
We waited 15 minutes to place a drink order and it took another 20 minutes for the drinks to arrive .
An employee saw pull out did n't say anything .
We were so disappointed we ended up driving to Jim 's Steaks in West Philly to satisfy our food cravings .
Hot - I did n't even attempt this one - haha .
It 's almost as if they cut the center out and there 's only a little meat on both edges and a whole lot of breaded bone .
Really enjoyed the selection and diversity here .
And surprise , surprise the order is WRONG .
They asked us to put the baby carrier on the floor instead of giving us a bigger table .
It 's like every other Chinese take out the difference is the food is n't horrible .
I thought everything looked amazing and tasted killer .
The lollipop was awesome and the pieces were really big .
We ordered the linguine as a main .
There were some frozen crab cakes , breaded fish fillets , clams , and crabs- but not else .
Got to say was very disappointed with the service .
The last order was the biggest disappointment .
I was looking for a breakfast spot w/ good pancakes because IHOP on City Avenue does n't always take phone orders .
Our experience was PHENOMENAL .
The fries were hot and crispy .
Luckily , a hostess / manager was floating around the restaurant asking how things were and we told her about our missing drinks .
The salsa was very bland .
It was 30 degrees out that night and we thought Nashville that time of year would be 50 degrees .
Not once did anyone apologise for the delay or problem .
He is lucky we did n't call the Health Dept for causing us stomach pain .
Never smiled or treated us with basic human dignity .
Rosa Mezcal was a fantastic experience .
I was a lucky dog .
Regardless , the oysters were really fresh .
They were always extremely friends on reception and on request they brought a fan , a fridge and a bottle opener to our room !
The waitress brought me a new order when I addressed the problem , and they were exactly the same .
We joked that it was an 8 mile walk through jungle to get to the lobby .
When we reminded her of our request , she rudely Replied " we do nt split checks but you could simply divide it . "
Luv her then she showed us to the table before the server came .
Staff was friendly , however , it was impossible to reach the front desk ( we had to call from a cellphone ) .
Let 's just say , not 5 mins later , a man at another table fell too .... hahaha !
That was the only food that I did n't like the entire night .
The staff was cheerful , friendly and attentive .
The chow mein was very decent .
The dynamite we had was extremely salty and loads of mayos .
Good location just off 202 on route 3 so not too much traffic getting in and out since it 's on the edge of West Chester .
The pho is obviously the main attraction tho !
We went last night for my daughter 's birthday .
They had live acoustic music last night , but things were dying down a bit by the time we got there ( he was great !
Both of us just used the butter .
We maybe waited 10 minutes outside and that was it .
Flavor was okay , nothing special , my favorite part was the really hot sauce , and the kimchi , especially flavorful !
I had a chance to chat with the owners while I was there and Scott and Taylor really get it !
The white linen napkins are so old that they left white lint all over our clothes .
Her sense of humor kept us entertained and feeling welcome .
The view was amazing and although it was windy and a bit cold , the heaters above our table helped keep us comfortable .
The line , which usually moves really quickly , just crawled .
I called twice to change the reservation time , and they were very polite about it .
I had really high expectations .
We went pretty early on a Saturday night , so the fact that we did n't have a reservation was n't a problem .
The only redeeming attribute for an otherwise forgettable meal .
We ate at another Besh restaurant nearby , Domenica , the night before , and it was outstanding .
I was confused because it is the first thing I asked her whenever she finally decided to greet our table .
The only part of it that I truly enjoyed was the Krispy Kreme donut that was used as the bun .
The desserts were oh sooo tempting looking .
Good experience overall , but I 'm glad I was n't super hungry when we got there !
We hung out in the cozy , dark basement lounge , which was pretty great .
I said something at the bar and the response was we get alot of complaints about them !
The owner ( I think ? ) was incredibly nice and helpful .
Her dish was , well , sweet ! !
We wo n't be back , mostly because it was the weirdest , most rushed , rudest service I have ever experienced .
I had the double bacon cheese .
Turns out the supervisor was nearby and I talked to him .
It seemed to take forever for our food .
We asked our waitress , what 's going on with our food ?
The owner and staff are very friendly and personable ...
This is a quaint little bar just down from Bourbon Street .
The burgers were more watery than juicy and overly seasoned and the fries were also incredibly salty as well as burnt .
The Danesi Caffè ( Rome , Italy ) latte is always a sure way to go !
It 's worth the trip to that little corner of Nolensville road .
Just celebrated my engagement here and everything was perfect !
I went to sit at the end of one and a group of girls ( Vandy Bi%#$%S ) said no sorry we are using all of these .
Our food was awesome !
I really enjoyed myself the first time , but now I wo n't be back .
Looking around at all the mostly filled water glasses on other tables , I could tell I was n't alone .
Fish was ok .
I have to order the hoagie or the Italian , etc .
In between they play songs performed at The Grand Ole Opry .... nice treat as well !
I ordered the crab cake eggs Benedict .
My co - worker assured me that it was pretty much the same as Chipotle , and I would have to agree with her assessment .
My Woodstock burger was perfectly cooked and delicious .
The tables and floor could have been wiped down .
My wife and I are not high rollers and we were not there for business , yet were treated as such .
The service was very good and our food came out pretty quickly .
The service - Kevin our waiter and Otis were both great - was very good .
Our server Chastity was pleasant and helpful .
Wings arrived at our table at 8:20pm and were ordered at 7:52pm
Worst pizza ever ! ! !
It 's a little off the beaten path but the neighborhood restaurant is one of NOLA 's best kept secrets for local dining .
The room is very noisy , to the point where I got tired of asking , ' what did you say ' .
We sat upstairs because we saw a band setting up downstairs and wanted to be able to hear each other .
We asked the staff about it and they claimed 8 - 11 was for a different location .
Steven * I am pretty sure that is his name * was one of the best servers we ever had .
Table was dirty like they only cleaned what was seen ... makes me wonder .
It was the only thing that was so so .
We called the restaurant .
The worst wawa I 've ever been to .
We went here on a family vacation .
Just had a very pleasant visit !
The old location was my favorite study spot .
I am not an oyster person but these were amazing .
It was now 9:00 and we had already waited an hour ... had we know they would n't seat us we would not have waited an hour to eat .
There was a full house ( its not really big ) and only 1 sweet lady waiting on all of the tables .
We had lunch today and found the place clean and pleasant along with very amiable service .
The ceviche was n't a true ceviche since the shrimp was n't actually " cooked " in lime .
The food was ok but nothing spectacular .
The inside is like entering a Art Gallery of Latin Art and even the exterior is a work of art .
Additionally , our plates were extremely bland .
After patiently hearing the story of my parents ' Thailand trip for ten minutes , he left for the kitchen .
Our server did n't come to our table .
Did n't take our orders until after we sat waiting for twenty min .
We were absolutely blown away by this restaurant .
I 'd never been to Dunedin prior to this , and what a cute little place it is !
I ca n't understand why locals would go .
We complained and then had to explain what we did n't like to three people .
This is my favorite restaurant in the world .
I 'd give it no stars , but it wo n't post without one .
The food was hot and flavorful .
It was just the right portion for us to share too .
I apologize for not posting pictures when I got the food but i could not help myself ... dug right on in !
The chicken was supposed to be spicy , it was just regular strips of chicken not SPICY .
A couple seated after us was waited on quickly and received their drinks before we decided to leave .
Lilliana , Liz and Kim were extremely attentive ( they use teams of servers ) for Sunday breakfast .
I am pretty sure there was no yucca involved .
My boyfriend and I spent New Years Eve at Tzin and it was one of the best experiences we have ever had .
It 's a lot bigger than I expected so at 7 pm we were able to get seated right away .
They were missing a few things which was very disapponting .
My group of 6 all got burgers and were very satisfied .
I do n't know where the garlic they were talking about is in it .
7 the clerk then darted to the back to get us utensils , which for some bizarre reason took another 5 minutes .
I ordered a river bend and it was made absolutely horrible .
I was extremely excited at the look of other people 's plates , but when ours arrived , my hopes immediately dropped .
We came here because the Subway down the strip was packed and we definitely made the better choice .
When I asked what was in a specific dish , she obviously did n't have a clue .
You do nt treat regular customers like this ... sorry lady !
The other was tartar sauce .
So , the wings were ok .
Looked like she really hated her job .
It was our first time in Philly last October and the weather was nice enough to we wander from neighborhood to neighborhood .
Paid by card & left a 4 $ tip on a 22 $ takeout order .
While the meat , peppers and onions were to usual standards(yummy) ... the bun was AWFUL ! ! ! !
Our waitress was less than enthusiastic to wait on us , although we did our best to be sweet and kind to her .
I was pleasantly surprised when I came to Honey 's last Sunday for brunch .
I ordered the huevous ranchos .
I told him the gift card was n't necessary , but he insisted .
This was not the direction we wanted to go .
I took a few bites but did n't finish and definitely did n't bother to take home .
My wife and I went here for our anniversary and had such a great experience from the moment we arrived .
We are n't from the south so we asked a lot of questions .
Speaking of dessert , the ice cream was amazing .
And if you 're wondering ... yes , yes I crushed all 6 of those delicious pieces of heaven and I wo n't apologize for it !
I love Blake 's crushed ice ... I know that 's a strange thing to love , but it 's true .
Darling little place .
It was a group of us and we had issues with our order .
All the rolls were fresh and tasted marvelous .
We had a party of 12 and sat right next to the tank .
We placed our orders before we left our job .
Probably wo n't go back because there are local non - chain restaurants that are far better .
The bread was wonderful .
The parking lot was full but we did not see a line or anything to look like there was a wait .
The pizza on display looked old , but we each got a slice of Buffalo and Chicken Bacon Ranch .
We had a great experience .
The pizza was delicious and my only regret was that I did n't order a bigger one !
All three of the hostess were standing talking and laughing as if they were n't at work .
It thought it would be hard to get a res on a Saturday night , I called ahead & Candice the hostess was amazing !
The service was really friendly , but as far as attentiveness it was n't great .
ron says " white wine . "
The waitress seemed a little annoyed , but it was not a big problem .
We wo n't be back to try for a second .
There 's lots of contention about the Euro - snooty attitude of La Colombe 's baristas .
It would be a great place to just drop in for a snack .
The margarita I had was really weak .
i had high expectations of suraya , and i 'm happy to report that they were met .
we ordered our favorite cheese steaks from Wimpy 's on Thursday ( 3/17 ) .
The view of the water is breath taking , especially at sunset .
We waited 45 minutes between courses and our food was cold .
There was no line and no one behind us so they were n't even busy .
I 'd just started on the mushroom pizza when the waitress dropped by to ask if everything " tasted wonderful " .
We had both of our orders out of the kitchen to the table in under 10 minutes .
We were so excited to try this place but the lack of any attentiveness from our waiter was so unfortunate .
I asked the hostess what the happy hour specials were and she told me they do n't have any .
This is just a normal burger joint in Clearwater Beach just a few blocks down from the pier .
Maybe it 's just me , but Groupon is probably my ( 2nd ) main source of how to decide which places to try .
The sauces were tasty .
We do n't drink soda but the addition was unexpected and a nice surprise .
The raw oysters were large and fresh .
The shrimp salad was surprisingly good .
Famous shrimp cocktail is to die for~~WOW !
When we arrived it was quiet and only several tables had guests seated .
A friend who also attended had the same opinion and did not eat the entrée .
We ended up ordering both savory and sweet crepes , yummy .
It was very clear that I was not pleased with the meal , and nothing was offered as a considerate , act of customer service .
That said , we were the first ones in there .
Hasan is the super friendly owner who held our hands through the entire ordering process .
Got there at 4:45 yesterday and the bartender though friendly to us ... sort of ... was rude to others around us .
Our food came quickly ( maybe 20 minutes after we ordered ) .
We tried the hotel lounge , service was very slow especially considering there were hardly any people there .
It 's like they are 3 people short back there .
I actually ordered the brownie desert .
We wanted to go to another restaurant , but it was closed , so we stopped at Casa Garcia .
They say that there is no bad place to eat in N.O.
So - I 'm a bit of a trivia snob .
Folks , that was just weird and inconsiderate to our fellow diner . Strike # 2 .
Even though we did n't get a new one they tried charging us for it even though we literally only took a bite ..
We tried a red and a white sangria , I preferred the flavor of the white , however , there were only chunks of fruit in the red !
A woman then turned a chair around and told one of my friends that the seat was n't for her in a very rude tone .
I was driving when I got a flat tire and had to pull into the Fleming 's parking lot .
The complimentary bread and butter was very nice .
My favorite part was the super meaty claw !
Also , we all got a hug from one of the owners on our way out- so sweet !
We ordered stuffed mushrooms which were good .
Joanie 's Mojitos are extraordinaire ; and the sipping offerings were extensive .
Atmosphere was homey and comfortable .
I got the dragon bowl and my friend got the kale acai bowl .
We live right down the street from music city !
Eventually , they got us a high chair .
My brother got a burger to go , and all it was was a piece of meat between two buns .
The restaurant was completely empty .
My friends and I ordered a total of three bowls .
They were crispy on the outside and like mashed potatoes on the inside !
I ended up going all the way home before I realized the screw - up and came back .
We did n't like any of the items we ordered .
If you 're going to drop that for dinner , go to Domenica or NOLA .
The place was fairly empty at 1 on a Friday and we were lead upstairs .
I was completely surprised at how the ceviche tasted very fresh .
Our waitress was sweet and attentive .
The owner was very friendly and made some conversation .
We also all agreed that the tortilla soup was excellent .
I came here for my first meal in St.
I also liked that they put a jug of water on the table ( one of those sweet flip - top jugs ) .
But a gut buster - you wo nt leave hungry .
But we still waited and just as we were about to cancel the entrees , they magically appeared .
It was so bad that I 'm convinced this is not the way the soup is meant to be served , but rather some sort of mistake .
Loved the South Indian items and the Filter coffee :) :D
The burger was thick and meaty .
The second time I called and was told , " oh yeah that happens " .
As an update to my previous review , we had tried the pizza tonight and it was delicious .
Oh did I mention it took nearly 45 minutes for our food to come out after we ordered ( ? ) .
Some coworkers brought us lucnh from here the other day and everything was delicious !
So , I called and spoke to David , who identified himself as the manager on duty .
The food was mediocre .
And , the wine shop next door is the perfect place to stop after dinner !
Lyndel our waitress was helpful and accommodating for our family and 2 year old daughter .
It was nt that big of a deal mixed with everything else .
The baristas were rude to me and I felt like an imbecile after my interaction .
The flavor of the food was wonderful along with the beautiful presentation of our platters .
Sal , our waiter , came around our table often making sure everything was dandy with our drinks and napkin needs .
It was about 3 hrs long , we passed that 3 hr mark because we were sidetracked a few times and chit chatted quite a bit , lol .
This is one of my favorite restaurants .
" Hey , did you see that guy ? "
My son 's friend ate so fast we actually thought he was a little strange ... no one should eat that fast ...
Our waiter was very attentive , however , not very many people there that day .
I was apologetic but the security guy was so nice .
Their ingredients were extremely fresh as well .
After researching several venues , we decided that the Riviera Mansion was a great fit for us .
Both entrees were fresh and wonderful .
It 's byob which is really nice .
My mom 's french dip sandwich .
I would love to go back and check out their blue place special lunches ... I have heard amazing reviews .
Jessica suggested we try one of the $ .99 desserts - I had the strawberry shortcake and it too was amazing !
Seriously though , the oysters were delicious ... all 26 of them .
While my boyfriend was waiting for his calzone , he gave us a plate of sausages with red sauce .
we ate breakfast at cafe fleur de lis twice .
and I must admit that I find her opinions ludicrous in the extreme .
Finally the man that seemed to be the manager came by and he took care of it .
When it came out , it was already split onto individual plates , which was a nice touch .
She remarked it was the best meal she ever had .
Maria had been speaking to us while doing the check that she forgot to check i d as the credit card requested .
I had the bourbon street breakfast .
We ordered our beverages and she brought them shortly after that .
The fish and chips were crispy and hot .
We decided to have a early dinner that day and glad we did .
Yats is my favorite restaurant in Indianapolis .
Everything about this place was amazing .
-The room was tiny , and definitely showing signs of wear .
Very unassuming place .
Tony was our waiter delivering caring service with the focus on enjoying vs rushing .
most were welcomed with a hug , as we were given one when we left ! ! !
When I shared this disastrous experience with the bartender who was serving us , there was no apology of any sort .
We got seated right away and was served complimentary cornbread fritters , so yummy and different .
My friend got the other dish I do n't remember the name of ( refer to photo ) , but it was really good .
I think you can order anything here and not be disapointed , its the real deal !
We would have likely walked away with a very different opinion had we had normal ( " good " ) service !
The spring rolls were awesome !
The only reason the fish was " blackened " was because it was burnt .
I am so glad that I expected disappointment .
The venue and staff were absolutely PERFECT .
We got there at 7:10 and informed happy hour ended at 7 .
According to their website we were in for a real treat in our room but when we arrived that was n't the case at all .
everyone who said the service sucked broke at least one of those rules -- i'm almost sure of it .
I want to love this place , but I ca n't .
Booyah that chicken is freaking tasty .
We went on a Tuesday night about 8:00 no reservations made , it was a last minute decision .
My favorite part about this place is the bizarre decor ...
Spring rolls were nt our favorite .
I thought he was kidding and the server brother sent me to the restroom .
My wife 's portabella chicken was very tasty and perfectly cooked .
The restaurant is filthy , the service is awful , and they did n't make any of our order correctly , and really , how hard is that ?
The prime rib was delicious and perfectly cooked .
It 's in the station so weather effects room temperature it 's 18 outside so it 's cool in side the station .
I tell our server about the mistake and she apologizes and brings it back to the kitchen ...
I ordered to go , by the time I reached the car the bag was full of oil spilling out of the container .
I feel like I was told there would only be three pieces , but I got four ...
Amazing gyros and the onion rings came out perfectly ! !
The service was probably the most unobtrusive service I 've ever had .
Paid $ 9.80 for one piece of pie .
Although there are tables and chairs outside on the sidewalk ( nice touch ) , it 's more of a sit - down place .
When I told the host ( owner ? ) of these issues when he stopped at our table , he just shrugged his shoulders and said " ok . "
My hubby and I ate here ( on our second visit ) last Friday night before checking out Anthony Bourdain at the Fox .
I had the Western omelet and my buddy had the Farmer 's .
Service was fast and jovial - JOVIAL !
The bananas did n't feel oily or heavy , they were delicous .
The fish was fresh and the service was attentive .
Peruvian food is one of my favorite food .
Thank God for OpenTable as our table was waiting for us .
Could have just been the times I ate in , but it did seem just sort of out of place .
They were amazing , and according to the menu , they 're " Doctor Recommended . "
Everyone I 've interacted with today has been a joy .
It 's a small cozy place .
Upon entering we were greeted by a friendly hostess .
My sister got the Crawfish Beignets and said they were very tasty .
We also got BBQ pork sandwiches and they were very tasty .
They do not have espresso or dessert , but that was no big deal as the experience was perfect .
It was a Thursday night and yes it was packed .
and YES I ate my entire plate !
I got a petit four and my boyfriend got a strawberry swirl cheese cake .
I 'm so happy my wife talked me into going here last week ( July 11 ) .
The fish and ALL the sauces were also soooo good .
I got the apple , carrot , and orange juice as well and it was delish !
We sit down at the bar and my buddy goes to use the restroom .
The other members of our party ordered entrees .
I never had pulled pork before so I thought it was a bit dry .
When the weather is nice , you can go out on the patio which is nice because I 'm an occasional smoker .
The lasagne was very tasty and my wife 's shrimp linguine was delicious also .
We did walk in from the Poke side but sat in Ha Long Bay side incase we wanted something from their menu as well .
The Hot link is one of my favorite items , but you ca nt go wrong with anything you get there .
After 15 minutes the lady I gave my name to came over and asked what the name was again .
My friend collected the food and paid the tab .
I definitely preferred the pizza from nabruzzi , but Enzo 's is still a good take out option in the area .
And the steak quesadilla was thick and full of stuff--- very plentiful !
Which was fine with me cuz i just wanted a quick lunch .
Not the answer we were looking for .
Never mind , I ate the whole thing .
Its an older diner but the staff were very friendly and the food was good .
The decor inside was pretty sweet .
And because it was so moist , to avoid overcooking , one of my pieces was actually undercooked .
I asked to speak to the manager again , but she was very busy at the pass and never came over .
The cheese was terrible quality , even though they advertise it 's 100 % real it , and really is n't .
It 's like she was reading our minds , and she had the perfect balance of attentive but not intrusive .
Went to NOLA over the weekend and stayed at the Royal Sonesta .
I went up to ask about about bumpers ( we were playing crazy bowl ) they refused .
Our group stood at one of the communal " waiting tables " .
We noticed this happening at other tables around us as well .
We had our ceremony and cocktail hour outside which was beautiful and then a sit down plated dinner inside .
Was a real " baked " potato , not steamed !
They are welcoming as soon as you enter the door and food is just as delicious ! ! !
There was no apology for the wait time and the girl at the window was unfriendly .
Anyway , my issue is the way the lady behind the counter handled the situation .
just the range was very impressive .
We chatted a bit , had some wine , and looked over the menu .
The service at the bar while we waited for our table was quick and friendly .
The tv 's were blasting loud and the place was not that clean especially considering how few people were in there .
We were the last table of the night and our mains took an hour to get to our table .
We sat at the sushi bar and saw many rolls off to the side already pre - made .
Cold day some weeks ago ... had heard great recommendations and went there to enjoy the food and scenery .
A waitress told me that they do n't have any left .
There was a wait , even though we had reserved and there was lot of space in the back .
Adorable place !
It was maybe a 10 minute walk , but you 're mostly walking through nicely manicured Opryland foliage so it 's a nice walk .
The carnitas my daughter got where tasteless .
All components were gorgeous , and overall the dish was very unsweetened , which can be a nice way to end a meal .
We had no reason to lie about it , as we already had our meals and had eaten .
Our waitress had been outside on a smoke break for 10 minutes so we went up front to pay .
No , the wine did n't start until the chopping ended
The food and service was the best ! !
I 'd had an upset stomach for most of my trip to NO , which is just unfortunate .
It 's a small restaurant so it 's tight in there .
The broth was so tasteless and bland , yet it still had a peppery taste to it .
She let us know cheese was extra .
The steak she showed me was indeed medium rare .
Well it 's only grilled chicken minus the buffalo sauce .
I did n't eat so no word on that .
She informed us are cooked in vegetable oil so of course he did n't eat them .
We had the worst experience there .
All of us were let satisfied , and our specific requests ( i.e.
The restaurant was n't busy ( Monday ) but we had great service and really enjoyed our visit .
If we could n't sit there we would have asked to wait until another table opened up , we were n't in a rush .
The owner was walking around and stopped to talk with us .
The service was absolutely outstanding .
I 'm almost reluctant to share this since it 's not something people order all that often .
We used Josef 's for a dessert table at our wedding in Incline and it was fabulous !
Loved this place , especially the Salmon .
The hostess was less than excited to greet us with barely a smile and such a low voice we could hardly understand her .
We only stopped by for breakfast not lunch .
One note , parking was a bit scarce on the property , but we were able to find parking close by .
While waiting I have to point out how immaculately clean the kitchen was .
Overpriced right ? ) I also had lunch at the pizza place Paisano ( forgot the name ) .
The burger was expensive , side were severely overpriced .
Ca n't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu .
My only comment would be if you 're a little short on time this might not be your place .
The service was excellent and our waiter Travis was very knowledgable and attentive .
The male hostess sat us at a table that had booth seating .
It 's a fun place to eat .
They do have their own lot , but you probably will have to park across the street if it 's a weened night .
We heard the following phrases during dinner :
We waited for our appetizer .... waited for our main course ....
It tasted like stale frozen garlic bread .
Louis themed art .
I ca nt count how many times we have been and every time was an amazing experience .
Our food came out and it was cooked perfectly .
It 's unacceptable how me and my client were made to feel today .
For 10 mins my dry food sat on the table and got cold because it was disgusting and dry !
The seasoning was quite good .
The hostess was very friendly and helpful .
My husband thought the pulled chicken had a bit of a bitter taste and his Mac and cheese looked a little bland .
The waiter was so nice !
All we ordered was tacos , a burrito , and one chicken enchilada .
Although I applaud the restaurant for trying to keep insects to a minimum this was a very unappetizing view .
The view from the patio in the back is great bc you overlook kelly drive and the river .
My husband took me here for my birthday and I was blown away with the whole experience .
I liked that and I 'm a native Texan , so that 's saying a lot .
We had the quinoa salad and the ceviche .
The pasta was so light I was able to eat my whole plate !
All of the dishes were so delicious and portioned to perfection .
We went to dinner on a Sunday night , as a party of 6 .
Ricotta , almonds and abs amazing pesto .
We were seated around 2 pm , and the restaurant was pleasantly busy .
I paid the bill .
They took pics for us on our phones when we asked and were very sweet to bring him a cake with candle in it .
We started off at the bar while we waited for the rest of the group to arrive .
It took a very long time to get our drinks .
We soon found out the " jam " was actually the " pâté " of the livers .
The seafood gumbo was really nothing great .
I actually thought the cheese was halloumi at first because it was n't super melted ( a good thing ) .
Thank goodness for yelp because we would 've never found this place without it .
I soaked it up with my napkin .
I love it next time we came to New Orleans will be sure to come back ! ! !
You were a creative restauranteur .
So , I had a craving for a slinger and used Yelp to help find a local place to get one , leading me to George Rivolo 's Diner .
It was cheesy , creamy , and delicious !
We have eaten here many times and always enjoyed it .
He said he 'd be by shortly but it was another hour before we saw him .
She was so friendly and explained everything to us as we were first time diners .
The selection is so unique and absolutely delectable !
Unfortunately , this was the only positive highlight .
First off , we parked in the parking lot next to the hotel .
The ahi bowl was ok , the rest was absolute garbage .
She answered all our questions about the beers and the food on the menu since we told her it was our first time .
Last but not least the tres leches cake .... it was delectable .
Really enjoyed the food and service was fast .
We have called to complain every time , and they have never once offered to take any money off or credit our account .
The food was outstanding .
We went on a Sunday and the variety was very impressive .
The food was excellent , the staff attentive and it was the perfect place to end a busy day .
The desserts on their wall menu board sounded good but oh we were so full ...
We both ordered the petite filet , and it was cooked to perfection with a great smoky flavor .
The turtle soup was tasty .
What a rippoff , overated .
It looked like the cook took pride in what he was doing .
We ordered two lunch combos , one with a Figo pizza , and a caprese salad ; the other with a Margherita pizza and a caesar salad .
We can only recommend this place ! !
I came to visit Philadelphia with my boyfriend on a cute little weekend trip and this was such an adorable brunch spot !
Both calzones were enormous and delicious .
In all honesty , there was no more meat in it than two strips of bacon , diced .
That 's because it 's the best damn sushi I 've had outside of New York City .
The waitress , Nadja , has lived here for 18 years but is from Sarajevo and was very pleased that I had gone there as a tourist .
Before we were asked if we wanted dessert , our server brought us the check .
Happy hour or not & they had me smiling in the bathroom- bidet toilet ... AAHHH , YESSS .
It 's funny how many reviews over the past year or two echo the exact same problems we experienced last night .
Oh , did I mention the reasonable price ?
there were 6 of us and we were at a back table , quite snug .
The mushroom side was also very good .
I had been hearing nothing but great things about the Block for years and finally made it there for a friend 's birthday dinner .
All because you are to damn cheap to pay the credit card fee ! .
My coworkers and I sat down to order right around 1 pm and did not get our food until 1:45 ! ! !
It was my go - to special / fancy dinner place because the food and service was always top notch .
We wanted to eat here again , but the whole meal PLUS our drinks was $ 175 ! !
I would and have driven from the suburbs , sat in traffic , just to eat here - it 's THAT amazing ! !
Their menu was really interesting ...
Definitely not what it used to be when it was " Christine 's twisty treat " .
And there was n't a single seat or place to stand in the bar or the tiny waiting area .
Came for lunch at 11:30am when they opened , and by about 12:15pm , all the tables and most of the seats at the bar were taken .
I went with the Indian Cinnamon , the caramel banana , the pina colada , and the halva pistachio .
I asked the waitress to clean it up .
The food was ok and the portions were very small .
She had a little attitude when she told us to stand by the ramen wall .
I 'd say it was almost 10 minutes before they finally came and took out order .
The bread was soft and tasty and the burgers were succulent and juicy .
We returned as instructed and waited with six other groups for the clock to read precisely 5 pm .
General tso pizza is very interesting !
Special price so I bought six for a total of nine bucks , we were stuffed !
Although the service was quick , the pizza was pretty gross ( totally soggy ) .
We enjoyed the atmosphere and food but felt the overall cost was approx .
oh my word I 'm craving it right now I 'm only sad that they 're not open for lunch I wish they were ! !
Everyone in our party of four loved their meal .
I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich .
My husband lovedddd it and I really liked it .
This place is delicious ! !
& the chicken asparagus was pretty bad .
Very casual dining .
It 's a shame because the pizza was pretty good .
" I have no idea , good sir .
the server was friendly and informative .
The ambiance is really cozy and the decor is very artsy .
He was attentive to all of our needs and went out of his way to make sure we were satisfied .
It was my boyfriend and i 's anniversary and the hotel gave us champagne and chocolate covered strawberries at no extra charge !
The food and drinks were also excellent .
The drinks were ok .
It took a long time to be acknowledged and it 's a tiny place .
The tacos had cabbage on them .
Our server was very sweet and fairly attentive given the packed restaurant .
Pathetic experience with them .
I 'm all for friendly service , but our server was waaaay to open and honest with us .
My husband and I eat breakfast there every Sunday and it is the perfect spot to make memories .
' Real Creole Shrimp Tacos ' were more like real creole lettuce tacos .
The sea bream dish was light and very tasty .
I 'll just have to drive over to the one in Voorhess cause I love Chipotle !
Then they tried to seat us at the worst spot in the restaurant when more desirable tables in the main area were open .
We placed our order and found a table ( it was pretty crowed at lunch time , but there was still plenty of seating ) .
But the veggies and cheese were yummy
Service was excellent throughout the entire meal .
Home Wine Kitchen is hands down one of the best restaurants in St.
Dishes seemed to be a little overpriced to me .
Everything was delicious and the only reason we had food left over was because we were so full ..
We ordered a Hawaiian calzone & Barbecue Chicken Pizza .
We waited for roughly 30 minutes for her to come to us but never did .
Our party sat by the jukebox right by the bathrooms , but the music was way too loud for a casual Sunday evening .
Oh - the garlic aioli was amazing !
the girl at the counter did not know what a pour over was .
We waited for about an hour to get inside .
There 's something about this place that just hits the spot every single time no matter what I order .
Very friendly people ! ! !
The wines we chose were really good we had the cabernet sauvignon and our friend had the malbec which she really enjoyed .
My husband had the loco moco and I had the pancakes .
After we were seated the waitress took approximately 10 minutes to come to our table .
I came here with a colleague of mine for lunch and we were both indecisive about what we wanted to eat .
The restaurant was very clean and the employees were very nice and patient because I did n't have a clue what to order .
We did n't know half the ingredients .
The location on the river is beautiful too .
The mini cheeseburgers were hard and tasteless .
Quaint little restaurant food was absolutely lovely !
We had two small children with is and they were very friendly and accommodating to them .
( We love that kind of service . ) And the one MAJORLY awesome item was some sort of deep fried salmon chip thing .
Second thing is that , the corn was mushy .
After the performance we decided to eat at Granite City in the mall .
Overall , we had a lovely time !
They also have outside seating w/ umbrella do it is PET FRIENDLY and lets us enjoy the beautiful Florida sunshine .
Everything was delicious except the fried oysters .
Nico was very personable and friendly , it was fun chatting with an ex - parisian :) .
I do n't know how hot the tempura roll was when they packaged it , but it made the salmon roll really warm .
The place was completely crowded with people waiting outside for a table .
We were not offered water .
It was n't a burnt or smoked taste ... I honestly do n't know what was going on .
What a fantastic birthday evening with the family .
Very entertaining and the kids loved it .
My fiancé and I ate breakfast here and it was n't bad , but it was n't great either .
It is a pretty sweet deal .
The staff was attentive and quite helpful .
She came over after she was done w/ taking that table 's orders and bringing out their drinks to them .
The pizza was awesome I really liked the dough ..
The category this dish is found under , " clean " , is very appropriate .
Worst dinner ever .
The tuna pasta was sent back .
The biscuit was light and flakey and the rice was absolutely delicious .
They attended to us , were generous , and the food was absolutely delightful .
The owner John was there and was warm and friendly .
Saddest thing about leaving New Orleans will be not going to Il Posto nearly every morning .
the fish was a little on the colder side ..
The meat was juicy and cooked well .
This place deserves a special mention ..
I felt like the rock crab was a bit over cooked because it was dry - but the clam chowder and oysters were yummy .
They even shared some ghost stories with us , too bad we did n't run into the ghost of Antoine .
Ca n't say much wrong with this place .
This cafe was across the street from where I parked so I walked in .
Deserts amazing too .
At first glance , this place looks awesome .... Actually eating here , is a whole different story .
We were not disappointed by the gumbo it was savory and hearty with just the right amount of heat to it .
The space was large and inviting .
Overall the food was okay , I got the fish tacos(mahi mahi and shrimp taco , my husband got a soup in a bread bowl .
Took the whole fam jam , including Gramma , out to Wok House last night in St.
I was on my way to work the other evening , the previous day I had stopped at Wendy 's .
Once when we were the only people there , and once when we had an hour wait .
It was so filling even with it being the small bowl .
My daughter chose carnitas tacos ; quoting her , " this meat is so delicious and it 's just falling apart in my mouth ! "
The food came out fast and all of it was just incredible .
The service was weird ... there was one particular server who stood out the most .. he was rude .
I asked about a pastry which was told it was a guava and cheese ( one of my favorites ) so I ordered one of those too .
The only reason we even got our food is because we went inside to find the manager .
The woman at the desk seems to think she is the gate keeper .
After an hour and 15 minutes , one of the people in our party had to leave and cancelled her order .
We absolutely love this place .
The green sauce rocks !
The nachos were gross .
The food was just subpar .
Really poor seating management .
Went there cause Curly from the 3 stooges lived there that was maybe the best part of the whole place .
I snacked on stuffed olives and deviled eggs .
the service was outstanding and the ambiance was perfect - casual but very , very nice .
The hot wings was n't too bad .
It came with 6 little pieces of frozen mac n cheese bits that were just sad .
The delivery experience with manager , Aras , was so incredible that we seriously almost asked him to stay for dinner .
Chef Grace Dinsmoor created what felt like an endless variety of tapas for the guests .
Our server was attentive and very knowledgeable in his recommendations from both the bar and dinner menu .
There were many upset people there due to the time to wait .
To the 4 adults sitting at that table , shame on you !
We ordered the quiche of the day which was quiche Lorraine and the famous Earls Court Chocolate Cake .
My wife and I arrived at 8:00pm and was told there was a 2 hour wait .
I 'm sorry to say I wo n't be able to take the kids here anymore .
The place was also a bit dirty based on how many employees were standing around not doing much .
I was n't sure if I was going to eat in or take my food back to the hotel and that was no problem for them .
it was OK , although I 'm not even sure I saw or tasted any salmon , just the thick , somewhat burnt cheese on the side .
The fact that she also did n't even bother asking me if I wanted change back really got under my skin .
That kind of disappointed me .
It was n't super crowded at 6:30 pm when we arrived so I got a little nervous .
I thought the oyster menu 's description was a little off .
So did the whole family !
All but one of the employees I saw were kept busy and acted professional .
They just recently opened and things were a little rough .
The bread sticks plus salad were so tasty .
I really do n't recall much else about the place .
Crispy at the edges , soft in the middle and so flavorful I did not even put any butter on it .
Unfortunately the mimosas were kind of flat .
Interesting though - I received an email from Open Table afterwards indicating the restaurant said we were no shows .
The memories it brought back ! ! !
We arrived at ten pm when they were closing , and they sat us enthusiastically .
My partner had the stuffed bell pepper and it was amazing as well .
At first the plate lunches seemed slightly overpriced but once we dug in we were impressed with the flavor and portions .
We ordered drinks , an appetizer , and dinner as soon as that was ironed out , and the waiter was pleasant and apologetic .
the happy hour is not bad but all the female servers there were just so unpleasant .....
Went for Dinner , it 's BYOB so we brought some wine .
The people working there are extremely friendly and helpful .
It was busy , but we were seated within 10 minutes .
Wo n't travel back for food again .
Hainanese chicken was very different ...
You eat everything with pita bread , which the waiter just left on the table next to ours since there was nobody else around .
Chicken was a little cold from sitting on the cool salad container .
We went to Rusty Pelican for Sunday brunch .
I love this place and it 's a shame that it 's never beer busy when I come here .
I can honestly say it was the best pancake I 've ever tasted .
Really impressed with this place .
Whenever you got into the water , you were pushing them out of the way ! !
Others ( the carrots , cauliflower , potatoes , and cheeses ) were surprisingly bland .
We ordered the Fleur de Lis omelette which was great !
It seems like a pretty exclusive team .
It 's a little unassuming corner shop all the way in the deepest depths of South Philly with truly delicious food .
The oysters were from the Texas Gulf and were a good size .
My only complaint was the portion was a bit small .
He was very personable and fun to chat with .
Very accomodating and the food was delicious !
The sweet plantains were not quite ripe yet so of course they did n't taste sweet .
And each time we got , " I do n't know " as the usual response .
My brother lives in Santa Barbara and every time I visit him , I HAVE to go to the Paradise Cafe ! !
Needless to say the experience was eminently less than satisfactory .
They were so good we ordered 5 dozen of them .
He offered to buy us our first round of drinks ( which was very nice , but was not necessary ) .
Servers saw us leave .
Celiacs in the area def need to check out this place !
The chai tea cupcake was amazing .
I love being able to tell the chef how wonderful his food was , and how much we enjoyed his restaurant !
He asked us to stay , said it was his fault , and said he would pay for our meal .
My husband and I moved to Spring Hill from Chicago in July .
That is until we found out ' sharing ' meant the same bed !
We also loved the lobster gnocchi and the char entree .
The crawfish was good .
We ordered quite a few things to go ( # YOLO ): papusa , empanadas , arepas and cake !
It 's beautifully designed and no expense was spared .
It was n't very fast , but it was absolutely worth the wait when we picked up our order !
Skin fell off immediately so soft .
When I asked for it was told they did not have any because they had to clean the tea canister .
Once we took our number we got our drinks and sat .
Shrimp creole , macaroni , and everything else was very tasty also .
The waitress questioned him about it and he said he did n't like it .
The atmosphere was comfortable .
Rittenhouse Square is just a few steps away and that 's where I go to eat my lunch .
My wife and I shared a baby leaf greens salad and the Cornish hen and succotash .
I got in and scanned the menu .
But the rest ... hmmm , I could not agree .
The sausage had a weird taste so the second bite I tried to figure out what was wrong .
Pretty shady stuff Chuck .
Our service was seamless .
When you see the bubbles sticking to the inside of the glass that 's when you know something 's up .
Debbie , the lounge attendant was exemplary with her cheer and kindness .
Very friendly , prompt , and attentive service .
I had the lingua and the cabeza tacos .
There is no better avgolemono in town .
Note : My experience here is identical to my experience at the other location in St.
Our entrees were mediocre .
I must say Murph 's is one of Philadelphia 's best kept secrets .
My best friend and I had an amazing dinner here on our NYE trip .
the food here is amazing ! ! ! !
There was no wait here at 11 am on a beautiful Sunday morning .
The plantain chips and green salsa were delish !
I called back thinking it was the vegetable patia .
I remember the shepherd 's pie I got reminded me of food I ate in the United Kingdom - very authentic !
Great Service from Scott .... dirty silverware all silverware
Food was amazing ! !
Wonderful attentive service .
the burger was delicious and the fries were amazing .
The couple that came in right behind us waited over 20 minutes to be seated , AND there was another 2 top open behind us .
My new favorite place to go for dinner .
There were several people ahead of us but the food only took maybe 10 minutes to come out .
I guess because our party was considered large ?
Well , I did , as it was recommended by our waitress , as did two of my other friends .
We let my brother in law know about what happened and told him to check his card also .
We were seated right away , which is a definite plus for having such a large group .
Who made these decisions ? !
I have no idea what was in the sauce but it was delicious and it was a perfect pairing with the fish .
About 7 minutes later she came back with the oil and vinegar .
My fiancé ordered a quesadilla .
The manager , Jenny , is absolutely amazing .
I point blank asked him if he was kicking us out of the booth and he said " yes ! "
Hands - down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans .
We saw the waitresses touching the food and plating it with their hands ?
Everything we ordered ( max n cheese , fish tacos , steak n cake , rice bowl and some other items ) was delicious !
The waiter was sub - par to say the least .
Our server did n't check on us often and was n't very attentive .
When she brought out the two half - dozen raw oyster trays , that 's when she told me they only have raw oysters there .
The burger was just incredible .
Before that , I just assumed it was a quaint little locally - owned Italian restaurant in the heart of downtown Nashville .
I ate here but , that 's not why you come here , it 's after work socializing ! ! !
I started to wonder who our waitress was because 2 different females took the drink order and delivered them .
Review : It was all right .
Just a fatty piece of pork belly .... which was almost all fat .
I went to the Mikkeller event , and everything was handled smoothly and professionally ( MUCH better than events at HopCat ) .
The chicken , steak and rice / beans were pretty amazing .
The pancakes were excellent .
The place is a visual dive .
I went back for brunch yesterday , and I was really disappointed .
By " us " , of course I mean my wife and daughter .
Ca n't complain about the food or service .
Excellent service very attentive .
Our server was ok , very friendly though .
Take the recommendations from the party planner , Jen , she wo n't disappoint .
- Finally , the food itself is delicious .
We sat outside and there were kids playing football right near the tables and being loud .
He shared with me and the taste was good , though the presentation was unspectacular .
I was disappointment from the first bite .
When we got there , even though we had a reservation , we waited over 30 minutes .
We went on a Friday night and the restaurant was very busy , but we got seated right away .
Got the banana chocolate chip pancakes ( which are huge ) & they were so delicious !
Sorghum glazed bacon was the winner .
We only had one kid so it was find being tucked away in the corner .
It surprised me to learn that the oysters are harvested from New Orleans , I had no idea that N.O.
My stops included SAMOSA DEB : $ 10 for Curry chicken with rice and Samosa - Horrible !
It was a nice experience , we took our two young boys , and since they could get up and walk around it was nice .
It was a slow weeknight so there was no problem seating us quickly inside ( group choice , there was room outside too ) .
But overall nice place ! !
The decor was very nice , clean , and Vegas - esque .
My dad , who 's very picky , even praised the wings and wrap !
Well the food was average bar food , only problem was it took a year & a day to get it .
When we were ready to leave our check was nowhere to be found .
We had a group of 7 and were lucky that we were able to be seated together without a reservation .
I ordered the paella .
As soon as we sat down , Chris , took care of us .
I did nt try them out , but that s got ta be a lot of fun when you 're drunk .
I really enjoyed this place !
I had the cheese steak and it was much better than Geno 's .
The chips and salsa were average .
The beer was good and the waiter was very knowledgable and kind
I had done my research and looked up the menu .
Even the basic California roll was delicious .
I literally waited for 5 minutes to be called to a register for my order with no one else on any lines .
I recently returned to Zac 's and noticed that my one and only complaint from my initial visit had in fact been remedied .
We both ordered omelets , and maybe that was our big mistake .
The wine list was also fairly expansive .
There 's no drive - in option : take out only .
I am shocked at how horrible this establishment was .
Then my mom and I split the swordfish and the drum , both of which were insanely good .
The rooms were very clean , comfortable , and fairly modern looking .
My husband and I each ordered the three plate deal .
Louis and found this hotel for a steal !
I got the biggest bowl ( $ 11.95 ) and I was highly disappointed at how small it was ! !
The filet was cooked to perfection , and as for the brussel sprouts - I guess it 's true that everythings better with bacon !
I ca n't say I will go back because I was so disappointed in the food .
The cinnamon pancakes were delish and huge .
Its a spacious , clean cafe on Bourbon Street so ideal spot for lunch .
Although there were two vacant tables available , it took them at least 10 minutes or so to seat us .
Maybe they were partying it up with my asparagus because they were also m.i.a .
If they stayed open late they would make a killing when the car closed ...
On our most recent visit , I had the saudero ( grilled pork ) .
It feels and taste 's like your over at your grandmother 's house for breakfast .
The cucumber sauce was excellent .
Of , course I overate anyway because the food is so good !
My sister 's chicken was flavorful and well - cooked .
I did n't receive my change or receipt , it was just change but I asked for it and she said she gave it to me , um no .
They have TVs at the bar and plenty of seating ( at bar and then high - tops and low - top tables as well .
Ou see pizza and you think pizza and sandwiches they are really amazing food is always hot and fresh .
The cobbler desert was amazing .
I guess it was the cream cheese filling that seemed off to me .
I told the waiter , he said , huh and walked away and came back with our check .
- The bill was a bit pricey .
The room is crowded and smaller tables are uncomfortably close to each other .
The service was top notch with water , chips and food being delivered very professionally and succinctly .
I 'm not sure what happened to their Kung Pao chicken , but it is horrifying .
The staff was so friendly and helpful !
I 'm not just talking from a technical standpoint ( that was awful too ) but his selections were so played out and tired .
We were a little surprised to find out you order at the counter , but it worked out just fine .
We waited 45 minutes to be seated after calling ahead .
Our service was superb and the food was outstanding .
My husband got the burger and it was okay but the fries that came with it tasted like pure salt also .
Our waitress never took our empty plates , which compiled a mess .
The waitress did NOTHING TO HELP other than tell us to close the umbrella .
The chicken was good .
The portion for large was really enormous !
We got pizza for my daughter , which was n't bad , especially considering where we were .
The food was just below average and overpriced .
The staff were friendly and attentive .
My favorite Italian restaurant in Tucson .
Truly a fantastic night !
After a few minutes of awkwardly standing in the entrance , the hostess / waitress / bartender emerged from the kitchen to seat us .
There is plumbing though , but still kind of creepy !
We had so many compliments from the food , dessert and the mimosa fountain ! !
I was dissapointed but i took the situation into consideration and decided to give them a pass .
Bibs were placed around our necks and we were off .
Amazing atmosphere ..... watching the fish ...... very relaxing .
That waiter Jonathan was great very attentive and friendly .
A bunch of my friends always brag about it and I had to go there .
So , so disappointed in this place .
The ambiance is nice and pretty formal - ish .
He was adamant that we not sing & embarass him , butttt , that is what Auntie 's do , embarass & laugh .
All in all , we had a good time .
Some even video taped me !
Also for 35 dollars we paid we only heard 1 of the songs which they only sang part of .
We had a FANTASTIC time here .
We still only come here on special occasions if for no other reason than we are n't very close to downtown .
OMG I could eat that like it was soup .
I only had a couple of bites and did n't finish my food .
Wraps were delicious .
Everything we ordered tasted extraordinary and the staff was hella nice .
The meats were just delicious .
As a child , Friday 's were my favorite day of the week .
Loved every bite .
As we fished one course , they immediately brought out the next .
It 's a pretty overwhelming place to say the least ...
Our server , Christina ( i think that was her name ) was delightful .
I asked for a Supervisor and a young lady came out and magically got me a room .
Their selection is truly outstanding .
The filet and lamb were tasteless and the ribs were a mushy mess of bones with very little meat .
As for the fried chicken , it was spot on - crunchy , juicy and best of all , grease - less .
Steak was tender and juicy on the inside and charred / crusty on the outside .
We called on Friday for a 7;00 reservation for Sat .
The Gaylord hotel was a great place to stay though it is huge and very spread out .
He takes our drink orders and we wait for them .
I was annoyed because I truly enjoyed the 3 fries I did eat .
Cafe Pontalba is a little breezy restaurant overlooking Jackson square in the French Quarter .
The bacon was perfectly cooked .
I thought this was kinda weird , I 'd rather have some dense yogurt than something light and airy but whatev .
The plating was above average .
I also found a very long hair in my eggs that was defs .
at the end of the meal the owner came to our table and we told them about all the problems and they did nothing .
It 's a dump inside like most pizza places , and the people that work there are so rude , it was a big turn off .
The rolls tasted fresh and delicious , but the surprise was definitely the mochi - so creamy and tasty .
Wow , what a lovely place to sit and watch trains !
I got the 5 cheese .
The menu was so unique that it left me wondering why there are not many Peruvian restaurants in the bay area .
Wow , what an incredible place ! !
I have always passed by this restaurant , since we live in downtown and often come to the casinos .
We had to go back inside during the crowed rush to throw our trash out .
Once we finally ordered , we were out of water .
And , the manager was kind enough to take the chips / dip off our bill because there was a piece of plastic about 2.5 " in the dip .
I love this particular restaurant -- JP and Brian make it the best place to eat dinner .
We get back quickly and wait in line since there was people checking in / getting seated in front of us .
The food was delicious and even though we were the last guests after a while they did n't try to get us out but chatted with us .
To finish our meal we ordered the Bread Pudding .... amazing , also the White Chocolate Brownie was very good ! !
I asked for soco and they did n't have it .
When we were finally seated and all decided on our dishes ( thank goodness ) , our server began The Countdown .
However , the food was very plain .
Eggplant parm was excellent as was the cannoli .
It was about a 5 minute drive , and by the time I glanced through the Arabic newspaper hidden on a table my order was ready .
That hair was LONG AND NASTY !
We ordered the Vongole , which could have been the best clams and macaroni I ever ate .
Placemats were dirty .
The hubby got the Panang curry chicken , medium spice , & it was delicious & perfectly spiced too .
The moment you walk in you basically see the whole place , very small .
The pancakes were the perfect sweet ending .
The chimi was delicious as was my Pacifico with lime .
The cookie was crispy on the outside but chewy on the inside .
The bread pudding was super delicious !
The server also brought a complimentary order of miso soup .
Awful business model it took forever to even figure out where to order .
They are from the kitchen , they are so light and crispy .
Did n't care for this place .
We were here on a weekday and it wad still very crowded .
Upon walking in , we were greeted kindly by a man , who we never saw again .
I had to take our glasses over to the bar on the other side for a refill .
The flavor was rich and the meat was tender .
One of my favorite spots in Tampa .
After 45 minutes , we were told to " check back every 5 minutes . "
Fortunately , it was a good choice .
We all enjoyed it and eill be back !
Only major negative was the bathroom .
Not to say that 's bad , but it 's not really a very different experience between locations as far as ambiance seems to go .
The waiter resolutely said no .
Food came out hot and well presented .
I remember it being very remote and a flashback to the 1800 's .
Johnathan will take care of you and you will be treated like family .
So when I finally got the chance to go to Yo Sushi I was so excited !
Everything we watched was fuzzy and did n't give it any justice .
We came for brunch and our experience was phenomenal the food was great and Janessa made sure our drinks were always full
I ordered a bunch of stuff and when I picked it up it was a lot more expensive than I thought it would be .
The Lone Server took our order : I had the Tomato Bisque & a salad , my friend had chicken nachos .
My sister said it usually was decent ... not today .
The dessert we got for a birthday at our table was the apple crumble with ginger ice cream ..... holy delicious ! ! !
My girlfriend and I went there for an early lunch on a Sunday morning shortly after they opened up .
They gave us menus and answered any questions .
I 've been here many times and have eaten at nearly every sushi place in and around Indy .
The corn bread was extremely dry and could barely choke it down .
I love this place .... the food is soooo good !
We enjoyed the meatballs the cannelloni .
This is one of my favorite spots .
Sauvignon blanc tastes best with a little pepper anyways , right ?
Little necks , Cesar salad , beef fat fries , baked chicken were all amazing .
Thanks for a great night ! ! !
So incredibly disappointed in this restaurant .
This was our first breakfast stop on our trip to New Orleans .
I have high hopes for Twisted Tail , though , and am really glad they 're in our ' hood .
Granted it was friendly service , after we ordered , it was a few minutes before our everything arrived which was cool .
This restaurant was absolutely incredible .
On Valentine 's Day , however , we had a very different experience .
Our server was top notch .
The dishes are so cultural and succulent .
I did n't realize it at the time but the owner was the cashier at our visit .
The only thing that kind of sucks about this place is it 's usually really packed and a long wait .
They were delicious and nice sized as well .
I heard tables on both sides of us giving the most ridiculous of complaints to our / their server .
We were seated promptly , served drinks immediately and the sushi materialized quickly in front of our eyes .
Overall , we enjoyed our visit .
Everything was impeccable taken care of .
There are many , many better places on South St.
He gave us a taste of the fondant .
When my partner and I visited on 04/22/11 , we were not disappointed .
We both also got fountain drinks and our total was $ 20.00 ; totally affordable !
The raw oysters were fresh and succulent .
He really enjoyed the dish .
Over the top experience .
Both dishes were lovely !
We got the mushroom pizza and the green lantern .
This place was awesome ! !
I loved the individual loaf of bread - it looked charming .
Good lord was that a good salad .
the meat just was n't awesome .
While ordering i felt a bit rushed .
There were no other customers before us .
When I open the box the spinach looked black and sure enough when I tried it , all I could taste was burnt spinach .
The delivery guy was polite , friendly , and prompt .
It 's a great hangout .
I do nt usually go to sports bars but i had to meet an old buddy on the north side .
Once we got it , I was actually pleased with my meal .
And the most important thing ...
All in all , they just seemed short - staffed and overwhelmed last night .
We came for the duckfat fries .
Everyone came back within a few minutes of finishing their meal and paid the bill .
Nevertheless it 's a great stay !
This is a do n't miss place - you wo n't be sorry .
I also thought our waiter was very attentive and helped with recommendations as well .
Our group came back 4 times in 3 days .
We ordered cheesecake which was even better .
The best part of the meal were the chips and salsa .
We end up sitting at a bar .
Pete area for lunch today and were glad we did .
We each ordered a Bento , mine with tempura and " dumplings " his with tempura and sushi .
The cake was a subtle sweet , light , and airy .
The egg roll was a nice size .
This has finally come to a head .
It was a relatively cool day and not many people were out .
It 's discouraging when you look forward to a good spot n they ca n't deliver ... saddening .
LOVE IT ..... the only that sucks is their parking ! !
I really like this place a lot .
It was really good the biscuit nice and fluffy .
Cafe Ponte was a recommendation from the customer who was joining us for dinner and it did not disappoint .
The mac and cheese was pretty good .
I told the staff , but they did n't take it away or off the tab :(
The place itself is super clean and chic .
Loved the bread selection at the start and the shortbread cookies and jellies at the end were great !
To In Riva 's credit , they did not charge us for the steak dish .
We ordered the beef rendang and mango chicken .
Stopped in for breakfast on our way to the French Quarter .
We then sat around quite a while waiting for our check .
We recently ate dinner at IRB sushi .
I heard the lady at the table next to ours say the salmon was good , so I figured the salmon might be safe .
The staff was very friendly even for the short time we were there .
I ordered a glass of Glenmorangie 18 neat , i.e.
The people that work at Spot were very friendly and helpful .
We ended up sitting and waiting , getting very little updates from the hostess .
Problem here my fish came back to me the exact way I sent it to be recooked nothing on the plate was out of place .
when the food came out it looked pretty good but when i ate it i kind of gagged .
We had made reservations , were seated promptly after a warm greeting at the door as we arrived .
I immediately fell in love with the atmosphere and the staff was amazing and friendly .
So the reviews about the staff being snobby are a correct .
The redfish was really good !
Even as I write this I feel like I licked fish scales .
We ordered 5 dozen cupcakes and a small 6 inch for our reception and they were delicious ! !
Before starting our trip , boyfriend and I were looking for a spot for dinner near our hotel .
Even though we stopped in once or twice a day during our trip ( right next door to our hotel ) , we did n't have dinner .
As it turned out , we were quite pleased with our selections .
We walked in and were immediately greeted by the staff and made to feel at home .
I just went for the first time and this place is AMAZING ! ! !
the polenta fries are absolutely perfect : spicy , salty , fried crispy on the outside and velvety on the inside .
When we arrived , we had our choice of open tables , and by the time we left , people were stalking us for our spot .
The owner made an effort to visit and learn our names and ask about our first visit .
I should say there was a lot of blood & they could n't wait to get me out of there ( after paying the full bill ) .
Dirty Dirty Dirty !
They do n't split checks and it 's a huge pain in the you know what .
We were on the way back home and saw this restaurant .
We were n't expecting much but their beignets were dogwood I had to post ! !
It wo nt blow u away but it 's a decent lunch spot .
Vetri is very expensive , but I took my fiance here for her birthday as a treat .
This was the only less than part of the meal and it was simply 3 pieces of really rusty lettuce .
( We were early for our reservation and they sat us right away .
Once it reached 40 minutes I asked how much longer and they said " oh we just started it but we do n't have sausage " .
1st off came here mon cuz yelp said they were opened and they were closed so came the next day .
I was a little bummed , but not totally surprised because it 's a chain .
It 's the real thing .
The sweet potato fries were great too .
Update to previous review- I accidentally left the review on the wrong restaurant !
The service was actually pretty average .
Upon walking in the women behind the counter were so sweet and patient .
The sushi is so delicious and most importantly fresh !
The pasta was great - really fresh .
She took the plate and returned to inform me that the chef had told her that it was cooked properly .
The chicken was fresh and juicy .
I liked this restaurant because it seemed to be quintessential New Orleans .
The other people I was with both got chicken madras , which was also good , but I liked mine better !
The waitress was friendly and took good care of us .
All in all we waited 45 min - SO WORTH THE WAIT ! ! ! ! !
Overall , it was well worth the money .
They kept banging and if you did n't come out , they would come in to see if anyone was in the room .
Everything about this place is average .
We had high hopes for Blue Plate , but have to say we wo n't return and would n't recommend it to others .
The place is an insult to the Asian cuisine .
I am glad they are located in our neighborhood .
The vodka and cranberry I ordered was very small and tasted watered down .
Sure enough , they swapped out key ingredients .
If you have the chance , checkout Lafittes Blacksmith Shop a few blocks down Bourbon .
Every need we had was met almost before we knew we needed it !
The guy asked are you really leaving ?
My husband and I had dinner at Michaels and loved everything !
I thought this place was pretty good .
I found that the cupcake was smaller than other cupcakes but it was really tasty .
The atmosphere was very welcoming , the bartender was charming and so attentive , and the music was delightful .
I do n't think they realize it 's literally the same thing just in a different form .
The pizzas were delicious !
The pizza was great and pretty big .
It was awful and became curd - like within minutes .
Not too mention staff was very rude and unprofessional .
It was our first time in the area .
Done perfectly ( I like the crispy )
Bad idea .
Okay , so I chose a savory dish , and boyfriend got a sweet , sugary breakfast , and we both smiled with happiness over every bite .
My step - son had a super fun time and it was a great bonding experience for us .
Best thing we had was side salad and beer .
Called ahead and made a reservation and requested a table next to the window overlooking the water .
They have other food there too , but it 's not Chinese so I did n't eat it .
We were lucky that we went there way past the lunch rush and so it was easy to get a table .
This was crucial to our sleeping arrangments , and was all requeated and confirmed prior to arrival .
The baristas never once complained or even looked askance , even if we 're not exactly drowning in beverages .
Pretty bummed as this was one of my favorite bbq places when visiting last school year .
The bartenders were a bit more concerned about doing shots with each other than taking care of the paying .
I have to say that I was really impressed with this place .
On our most recent visit the manager stopped by towards the end of our meal to see how we were doing .
They threw in a free order of general tso , I 'm usually hesitant with free food , but that too tasted fresh !
We had a big group of people and all had dinner downstairs .
Their apple pie looks horrific , but from what I 've heard , it 's amazingly good .
i 'm usually really easy to please , but this is the first time i 've ever felt difficult .
I decided to email them , and let them know the above -- that was two weeks ago and no response from the restaurant at all .
the drinks were fantastic too .
This was such a disappointment since we are big Garces fans and eat often at his other restaurants .
This is currently our favorite restaurant .
The service was very attentive , without being overbearing , and the owner stopped by to check on our meal and experience .
The food and coffee were great and the atmosphere was very friendly and casual .
We came down for the Essence Festival friends and I had a plan to eat everything we could .
Our pizzas were done in a flash .
The impression was overall a little cheap , which surprised me .
His peas were whole , not pureed , and the potatoes were nearly raw .
The only good thing is the TV 's they have on the walls .
Hubbie had the prime rib and shrimp hot pot .
The only reason it 's not a five star place is because the nachos were a bit burned and it 's kinda pricey for a casual place .
The service was slow and inattentive , even though the place was only a quarter full .
I ca n't say enough good things about this place and the people who work here .
Greatly enjoyed the shellfish here .
Some nice person gave us a sample of the deep dish pizza and we quickly changed our minds on what we were going to order .
It was close to 3 pm .
Upon arrival we were greeted by a very sweet hostess .
Very impressed with their whole selection .
I noticed the servers here seem a bit more eager to watch out for each other than at most places .
My mouth is watering a bit just thinking about it .
Last night me and my Pham went to Joey B 's on the Hill to enjoy dinner together as a Pham .
The bread was incredible and the pork was super tender .
The turtle soup was excellent .
Passed hors d'ouevres were creative and tasty .
YUM YUM , and the salad dressing - well we bought a bottle for $ 12 - it was that good .
It is a bit pricey $ 42 for two but we were staying at the Royal Sonesta so it was convenient .
I had a horrible experience here .
Our booking was for 8.30 - and we did n't get seated until 8.50 , which is always annoying .
The fish tacos were very good and slightly sweet .
It 's as expensive as the other sushi joints on state street .
It 's tight , guys .
Speaking of the waitstaff , they are extremely attentive and friendly .
Got the fish tacos and there was very little fish actually in there .
As for the Tuscan , it was $ 8 for unmelted cheese and a couple slices of tomato on Untoasted
I went here to order a few trays of pastries for a fund - raiser I recently threw ..... they were beyond helpful .
Ralph 's is a rather small space .
Great service ! ! !
Brady , our waiter , was friendly and knowledgable .
I had no idea what the difference was between any of the bowls of pho were or how much they cost .
Some dear friends called us up and asked if we were free for dinner .
My cousin had the greens .
I specifically had pointed to the single slider on the menu when ordering .
Not only were there 8 tables open when we walked in and they told us a 3 hour wait ...
He said we could n't , so I told him to speak to whomever to get the approval .
We ordered two soups , two salads , a dessert ..... we got two salads , one soup , no utensils .
They are attentive , customer service oriented , etc .
We waited a bit and they came through !
i had a few pieces of nigiri ( salmon ) and it was warm and soggy .
He had a beer and I had a strawberry basil boozy lemonade .
Sort of like going to your grandma 's house ( if your grandma is a gourmet chef ) .
My friend ordered the " red " mussels and I had the " bleu " mussels .
Let 's get to the grits .
Absolutely terrible in every aspect .
The server was extremely friendly and we tipped well .
I had the pad thai , which actually nauseated me .
My husband mentioned it to the person ( owner ) with a quick " sorry " muttered and no offer to do anything .
The hoagie I ordered was really good , and the service was friendly .
First there was a bug on my roll then when they brought it back it was spoiled .
We waited 20 minutes again we were the only people here and NO ONE came and even asked us if we wanted a drink .
My family ate here last night and thought the food and service were excellent .
Oh , and did I forget to mention that we ordered all 4 desserts that were offered ; all of which are amazing .
I also like this spot because it 's one of the newer locations .
Thank you for giving us the best time !
They were able to sit a group of ~10 without a reservation which was a nice surprise .
They had 2 tickets hanging although they did have a full dining room .
.I will never go in there again
The dulche de leche soft serve ice cream was amazingly delicious .
having never eaten pork chops i ca n't tell you what this means .
Then last night both my fiancee and I felt sick after eating the pizza .
My fiancé and I stopped by for a quick eat before a conference .
I stopped ina two occassions for a sit down dinner and came away very stisfied and full .
Maybe it was just a bad day , but all I know is that I wo n't be going back !
The onions were cooked perfectly and there was an excellent balance of blue cheese as well !
I ordered an " El Maestro " off their cocktail menu .
Me and my husband stayed for two days in New Orleans .
Even though the Fuji was 8 pieces , they were n't overly large , which is great .
Forgot to mention about the portion size .
A friend convinced me to check it out and when I saw their 2 slices and a bottled soda for $ 5 I was drawn inside .
Read the good reviews but we were very disappointed .
It 's not their fault I did n't like the alcohol .
We shared the chrabroiled oysters ( amazing ) and cheesy bread ( good ) .
Oh goodness the red curry here is addictive .
The croissant the EB was served on was as close to being as France as I 've been .
The deviled eggs were dry and tasteless .
We are both just crossing our fingers we do n't end up sick .
They had a huge selection of food from sushi to desserts which was definitely pleasant .
The guy sitting next to us said its really a better brunch or Sunday Funday bar and not busy at night .
And so we asked if we could add on fries and she said no ! !
We were also rudely kicked out by the male worker in the front by the hostess stand when we were trying to purchase a T shirt .
Dish towels serve as napkins .
Terrible service ! !
I tried it and and wo n't make the mistake if ordering in when we come back .
We decided to tell the guy upfront our issues with the tabouleh but all we got out of him was " This is our recipe .
My roommate and I stopped in because we were looking for a place to have a late brunch .
He , and the other members of the waitstaff , made it a pleasure to be there and I will definitely be back .
I do n't spend too much time inside in the dining room , as it 's a bit formal .
The fried rice was kind of weird , it just looked and tasted like steamed rice that they added some soy sauce to .
Lunchmate had the shrimp .
The servers gave excellent recommendations and were very attentive even with it being quite busy .
Oh , and on top of that , the food was bland .
I took one bite and ended up spitting out the chicken ..
My only complaint would be parking is a nightmare , but really that is no one 's fault .
Broccoli was soggy , premium side spinach was rotten .
It 's extremely overpriced , and the sandwiches are a joke .
I was told it would be " just a minute " while they toasted the bagel .
I am so glad this place exists .
Problem was this was ALL good stuff .
We get seated right away and look over the new things on the menu since the last time we 've been .
Now , the service was terrible ! ! ! !
I ended up dipping most of my fries in the feta cheese spreads - that was yummy .
He 'd mentioned last time he had that he 'd asked for bacon on it .
We have always had a warm spot in our hearts for this place .
We got the Tierra massou finally and that was perfect as well .
Entrees were the corn cakes ( heavenly ! ) and the chicken mole ( did n't like too much ! ) Dessert is yummy too .
It 's a shame that the service was so poor because the food was actually pretty good .
Ambience is good and restaurant was clean .
Once we got used to throwing the peanut shells on the floor we felt right at home !
Upon FINALLY getting into our room , there is no extra bed , and not a sofa , but two chairs .
There were visibly 3 open tables directly outside of the open windows / doors not more than 5 feet away from the bar .
I have had Boulud 's foie gras burger in Vegas , and this was better .
We went on a Friday night , so they were fairly busy and sat outside .
The rosemary honey cocktail and the pulpa margarita were sweet and tasty .
Also on a chilly night it is a cold interior .
It was a great change from Noshville , where we ate the morning before .
my boyfriend and I were at an event on Columbus and wanted to check out some area places .
Looked like the back office was in the restaurant which was a little off - putting .
I was very appreciative that he informed us BEFORE we had waited a long time , or had to ask our waiter where the food was .
I glanced at the drink menu and overall thought those prices were pretty high .
Frustrated , we asked for the check .
The coffee and lunch was excellent .
The charred spots and browned bits added a smoky element that was truly wonderful .
Our waiter kris knew his stuff , he recommended good red wine and good food .
The chicken reminded me alot of her fried chicken that people rave about .
It 's not among my go - to pizza places downtown , but it 's not a bad option .
We attempted to go through the drive - thru .
We tried many items from the tapa 's menu and loved them all .
It 's located in old town Goleta with ample parking out back .
Even though he ate all of it , it was the driest burger he had ever had .
It was a pretty average burger in every way .
First off , I had no idea that this ( and the northern Liberties locations ) were BYO .
After noticing they had finally opened , I stopped into Mae 's for lunch , and I 'm glad I did .
It 's artwork you eat .
The restaurant itself - I think it 's the smallest of all the Sake locations , so it feels a bit more intimate here .
Upon sitting down , she gave us 2 menus .
I got the chicken quesadilla , 1 chicken taco , 1 pork taco , and 1 asada taco .
Nobody in the whole place had our ticket so we had to wait another 10 just to get a new one .
Then it went down hill from there .
We tried it because it was really close to our hotel and they recommended it .
The sentiment for the other 3 people was about the same .
The food was delish ! ! ! !
I also tasted my friend 's seafood gumbo , which was also quite good .
One of my friends ordered it and several others tried it and they all agreed that it was delicious .
I ordered the Carnitas Tacos and my boyfriend got the Brisket Tacos ( special of the day ) .
The desserts were awesome .
The noodle I ordered was very plain and they all stuck together into one giant ball .
The food was so good .
The pizza was , for lack of a better word , average .
The first time we ate there the food was pretty good .
The service was very friendly and sweet .
We found Muriel 's in Jackson Square ; to the right of St Louis Cathedral ( on the corner ) .
We were on our way back to the MSY airport to fly home and guess what there was a Cafe Du Monde on our route .
Those were the only things we had and I would go back just for those 2 things !
The food was very flavorful and the ingredients very fresh .
My family and I arrived pretty early , around 8 am , on a Saturday , with two kids in tow .
A modicum of decorum is an absolute requirement for this kind of place , and it was here that Fleming 's fell flat .
The employee were well trained and friendly .
I 've never had oysters , let alone raw oysters but what better time to try?.?.Aanndd I was pleasantly surprised !
The bartender was really nice and attentive .
The meat itself was bland but not bad .
We snagged an outside table and held it all night .
-They took it back and brought me my right dish .
I was with 3 others and we just shared a bunch of things .
Everyone was very pleased with their meal .
I did n't trust the waiter after the second plate .
Besides the food , the way we were made to feel left a much bigger impression on us .
They 're amazing , especially the cajun fries ( think Crab Fries from Chickie 's & Pete 's ) .
And also something I learned after the fact at the ghost tour , Muriel 's has a ghost .
But hey , it could have been an off night .
The fopod was very good .
My husband and I enjoyed a late meal here last night ( Monday ) .
The meal was very good ..
We left without finishing our food because it was so bad , and the manager did n't charge us for it .
We were both starving so we ordered the bacon grease popped popcorn before our waiter even said hello .
I was impressed by the restaurant 's candor and diligence in customer satisfaction .
The burgers were fresh and juicy .
The place is so cute .. you can tell every little detail is thought out and executed to the highest standard .
The bartender was friendly and attentive .
The rest of our party arrived on the weekend so we went back there for lunch ... 10 of us .... and I had the pecan drum fish .
That is possibly the worst place ever .
They do n't take reservations which just bothers me .
My husband said it was decent sub .
My go - to breakfast place .
Its a must try for all Reno - ites .
Rushed us out the door super quick .
Waited inside for ten minutes to be told we could n't order anymore .
Glad to see they have the new location which is located near my office and home .
Its far and away the most pleasant eating experience ever .
No room for dessert but we ca n't wait to come back to NOLA and Compère Lapin !
My friend and I stopped here last night after a concert at festival pier .
We had not been there since the casual makeover .
We go through that area frequently -- but we wo n't stop there again .
The prawns were a bit of work and the scallops were a bit salty .
Wow , Really just enjoyed everything about this quaint little place !
Every time I asked for a refill I 'd get a " surprised or annoyed " look .
I had the BBQ pork sandwich and a my wife had the blackened chicken wrap .
I informed the waitress of what we were planning and she helped me surprise my niece at the table .
Finally , I 'd be remiss if I did n't mention the awesome security .
I heard quiet a few things about this place from people all around .
So did the couple of St.
From our first tasting , to our walkthrough , to the day of , it does n't get any better .
We were told it would be about 45 minutes .
He took it back and the second one was pretty close , so I ate the outside of it .
The waiter was awesome , friendly and very attentive .
Also , be sure to walk back and view the paddle , and downstairs to view the engine room ; they create a very unique experience !
There were enormous flowers everywhere , glitter everywhere ( on brownies , on cookies , on cake ) and pink everywhereeee .
Once again , I did n't order them myself , but I stole some from my friend and they were oh so good .
Busy on a Saturday night but we were seated quickly and our food came out fast and right .
Authentic boba tea .
My son 's chicken strips tasted like they floured them ... and that was it ...
100 that I would never have known it was there had I not found a coupon , and I am sure glad I did !
The restaurant was chilly and dim .
We brought a bottle of wine and it was opened and corked for us .
Pricey for what you get , although understandable given that the location is on South St.
Let me say again , it was ridiculously expensive and the food was just BAD .
The dining room was cold .
Our window is cracked as well .
We have always driven by this place on our way home from the beach and finally decided to swing by for dinner .
But I have to give a shout out to Kirsten behind the bar who was AWESOME ! ! !
The food was brought to our table , and it looked surprisingly good .
It 's a great place in Westchase .
Our server was fantastic ! ! !
We all really enjoyed the fried banana .
I was treated horribly by the owner when I tried to talk to him about my food .
We went very early in the morning so we were in and out quickly .
The weather turned out to be windy and chilly ...
The fried ice cream was decent .
The pictures on here definitely did n't lie .
We decided to go ahead and get the check , but unsurprisingly , our server was absent again .
We enjoyed delicious quiche .
I took the red - eye from Oakland to Nashville and made a bee - line from the airport here .
Either the management lied , or our server did .
The fried alligator was pretty decent ... but that was it .
I had a club wrap and it was delicious .
The crab Rangoon was burnt .
Only complaint is the Shu Mai was a bit cold .
Oh , and how could I forget , the complimentary bruschetta and limoncello was the perfect beginning and end to our meal .
We were late getting back to our office from our lunch break .
we were on time but we waited patiently in line for people in front of us to check in / be seated .
Our first visit to El Sol was to celebrate my daughter 's birthday .
This is the BEST Hot sausage place ... hands down .... GOOOOO GOOOO NOW ...
First we were 15min late and received a call to confirm our rez because as the hostess said " we are holding your table " .
I know food :P
Food was n't bad , but we probably do n't know the difference since we 're not from around here .
There are no lunch specials on the weekend and $ 32 for a quick lunch was a little high for us .
I was glad I got the vermicelli instead of the pho , which did not look appetizing .
He brought out yellowtail , tuna and 2 veggie rolls .
My favorite part was the crust , Joe and I were practically fighting over it .
Really all that helpful since she came and went so fast it took me a second to understand her .
The place was very crowded , so seating choices were limited , but another couple left so we found a seat right away .
The sweet potato fries are skinny fries and are the prettiest , brightest shade of orange I 've ever seen !
I thought I was hungry , so I ate the whole thing ....
Maybe its my fault I should have known it was an individual portion and not served family style .
I went with two other friends and we also ordered some light food .
it 's a shame because I came before and the food was average diner type of food .
At no time did we feel jostled or rushed , which is a common fine dining concern .
The chowder & bread bowl was warm and delicious .
The staff was courteous and prompt .
This started the night before New Year 's Eve , or December 30th .
We had gotten nachos as an app and each chip was individually dressed as perfect bites .
Nothing pretentious ... just a damn good sandwich .
I though the service was very good .
Arturo our waiter is fantastic and Scott really takes care of his clients .
I just moved to Penllyn and this place is really close to us so we gave it a try -- and we loved it !
They were n't horrible , but tasted almost like every other ravioli I ever had .
Coming from a guy who grew up with delorenzo 's and papa 's pizza his whole life .
Our waiters were very friendly and understood it was our first time .
We got there , were told there was a little bit of a wait , so we sat at the bar for a drink .
The food was fine I guess ...
Our server was a young girl and I believe she was training someone so we got extra special attention , which was nice !
Its certainly an upbeat environment , well lit , decorated well .
The one place you never cut corners is in the food , and that 's exactly what they did .
They were happy to make recommendations and help us pick out our orders .
Seriously the best service we ever received .
I had the catfish basket and my boyfriend had the soft shell crab basket .
The white sweet mashed potatoes were interesting !
We 'd already begun eating , and our waiter had n't come around to see if everything was OK .
As usual , I was the only gringo in the place - a sure sign of authenticity .
My boyfriend and I went to KUCHI because we were really were craving sushi .
On top of that , they had $ 4 bloody mary 's !
I feel this place could be good over time but it felt sort of , I do n't know ..... rushed ?
I had a couple glasses of the Pinot Noir , which were good , but everything else was just mehh .
My absolute favorite and only place for sushi .
There were a total of 4 of us and we shared the 4 for $ 8 beer samples because that way we could try each other 's beer .
It took at least 15 minutes before for someone came to the table to greet us and ask what we wanted to drink .
A hit and miss kind of place -- last night , it was a total miss .
BUT the food was horrible .
Sorry , I do n't recall the Korean names of the food .
I tried a bite and it was very good .
Kerry was a gem , he even helped me locate the coffee shop to purchase their coffee which I fell in love with .
It is pity because we live so close and would probably be frequent guests at such an establishment .
The whole dining experience took the better part of three hours and we 're only a family of four ( 2 adults , 2 children ) .
We then waited about 20 minutes for the waitress to come back and ask for our food orders .
everyone there seemed really bored and the vibe was a bit bland .
The building is n't much to look at , but it really is a diamond in the rough .
Props to being the first in St.
The waitress did n't seem to care much .
the wait was n't too bad considering we wanted an outside table ( they have about six or seven ) and the food was great .
I had the heirloom tomato salad with salmon --- WOW .
The only think that was so so was the poutine .
Ordering and paying on - line made it super convenient and the pizzas were ready when we got there .
We were upset that we did n't find it sooner during our trip .
Our waiter was nice and quick .
He knew the menu inside out and gave us history of the restaurant .
Actually , the kids running around the place did seem to be having a good time .
We did n't leave a crumb on our plates !
Our room was very nice , though I felt it was on the small side for being one of their larger corner rooms .
Our lovely waitress gave us free gumbo because we waited a few minutes for her to take our order and man was it good .
I 'm really glad I found this restaurant via Groupon .
My roomie and I both tried the Ranch Chick'n Sandwich .
The manager on duty gave me a bandaid and contact information to relay my experience .
Nothin horrible .
Overall an ok experience .
The whole thing is just so savory and the spices are just right .
She also was well - informed about the menu when we would ask for specifics on items .
The chai syrup that pooled at the bottom of the bun was so delicious .
We did n't even think about ordering food , considering the service we were receiving was n't ideal .
We , the two of us , went there March 4th for a late lunch .
I chose to get one of the specials , the Salmon , and WOW was I impressed .
The Dan dan noodles were quite awesome .
My bf ordered the lamb though and said it was very tender and yummy- and sweet .
She refunded the full meal and requested we come back so they could make it up to us .
It can get kind of smokey due to the open kitchen in the middle of the room and lack of ventilation .
Frankly it ruined the whole thing .
It seemed to be the closest thing to a traditional taco they offered , and it 's probably what I should have gotten , as well .
The steak house was excellent , service beyond compare , and then Poncho and Willkie's .... yummmmo .
The location is very convenient for me since it is near Trader Joe 's .
We sat at the bar and Larry and Joshua were our bartender / servers !
The staff was kind & attentive .
Outback is my favorite steakhouse .
It was an early dinner @4pm because we walked down Race Street at 6 pm to catch the early fireworks show .
Food was also awful which was really the worst .
Definitely more of an upscale type of BBQ ... ribs were the best choice !
Well , Candice totally came through and she lead us to a small but perfect table right in the front .
The gentleman in the truck was very nice so he accepted making a fish quesadilla for me although it 's not on the menu .
Best seats are in the window where you can watch the street cars go by .
The staff was very friendly and helpful with the menu and the owner also stopped by to greet us .
At our table of 6 : The grilled cheese was so badly burnt .. practically inedible .
The Sindy Roll and dumplings were our favorite .
Finally - we ended the meal on a high note .
Super greasy pizza which usually I do n't mind but it was salty and greasy !
Everyone else at my table loved the food as well and they all ordered different things .
Placed a order via grub - hub last night at 10:59 PM with estimated delivery being between 12:15 AM and 12:25 AM .
I ordered the sesame chicken and my husband ordered the kung pao chicken .
( The manager did take this off the bill ) .
She even asked what color car my husband would be driving so they would know when he arrived , a touch I liked .
It was my second visit to Cake Life and I only chose not to get cupcakes because it would have been pure gluttony .
Its ok , The parking was difficult to find a spot , and the only taco I really liked was really good with pineapple in it .
This is the place in New Orleans i recommend it is the best place there .
It was slow getting my order and when it was finally called and I went up the girl working said they did n't call my number .
We sit at one of the high chairs on the side and we got great view without being too close to the band .
The pizza was great .
The neighboring table had the fajitas and the aroma from that sizzling platter was amazing .
I m sorry but your pizza is n't anything special ...
Great great GREAT find !
MY favorite place to eat in Nashville .
I was expecting the burgers to be delicious but they were n't .
Could 've been an off night , but as yelp puts it , " meh .
And the actual shop is on a whole different level .
-The Carolina Gold Rice was the dark horse winner of our affections .
Its not cheap , but there 's Walmart if you want cheap , quality comes at a price I 'm afraid ! !
The fish all tasted fine .
I could n't even come close to eating all 3 tacos but they were super yummy .
The salad and side were equally sub - par .
Favorites for the night include the Yards IPA on cask and McKenzies black cherry cider .
Unfortunately it was n't food that either one of us wanted to eat .
All the cooked meats are a catastrophe ( burnt , chewy , nasty etc ) .
I really enjoyed the meal and the service was very friendly .
I do n't think my husband and I ordered the right things .
I ordered delivery based on those and I regretted it dearly .
All of the food - appetizers , salads , entrees , and desserts were all unique , all delectable , and all a feast .
Did n't care for atmosphere or food at all , mom n SIS food was okay .
The food took forever to come out ( And I 'm a very patient person ) , even though the restaurant was half empty .
it was literally so hard I had to dig my teeth into it to get a bite .
One of my favorite places in the city .
The coffee sizes online are grande and gigante , and she did n't know what those meant .
Of course we stopped in the cheese room and made purchases along with some prepared foods to take home .
We waited about 15 - 20 minutes before our order was taken , and the wait for the check was long as well .
The rice was excellent .
I worked in a very large well known Cajun / creole restaurant and what we were served was very bland and poorly prepared .
Up until the last bite , we hovered over our plates so we would n't be burned .
I don\'t understand why Ashley would not give us her first name unless she was concerned about something .
There was a big salmon bone in one of my rolls , which was scary , but overall I was very happy with my order .
Patty 's cocktail , which was incredibly yummy .
The person taking everyone 's name was rude and not friendly at all .
I am leaving unsatisfied and hungry ... super bad experience ... beware
The fresh fruit cup was also really good ( especially the pineapple ) .
The food and service was amazing .
The naan was crisp and fresh and the rice well prepared .
The sushi was fresh and was made to our particular request .
The food was even better than the service , both my husband and I devoured every thing - especially the garlic bread .
My friend loved the collard greens , I thought they were ok .
The food is definitely the best ! ! !
We loved the atmosphere , the drink choices , and of course the pesto .
Very tender and very good tasting .
I do n't know how they do it , but this is one of the only places where fake meat does n't make me nauseas .
We both enjoyed our meals and would n't hesitate to come back .
Family ate here before our first lightning game and everyone enjoyed the meal .
Every time my husband and I come we sit at the bar .
The owner came out to chat and made sure we 'd gotten enough food and liked everything .
Unfortunately , she failed to offer to take our coats / scarves / gloves on a bitterly cold night .
The tuna was so sparse that it was hard to taste over the pickled radish and other vegetables wrapped up in the roll .
My husband and I dined here tonite .
The food was hot and tasty .
She says in Korean to the other waitress " she saw the sign so I guess we 'll honor the receipt " .
We were in town for a few days and stopped into Charro Steak to check it out .
I sorta piped in from my table and stated we were also waiting for ours .
I asked for a medium burger and it came out well and dried , it also tasted like a brick .
I 'm glad that I met with Jake today .
The servers ( all women ) were very professional .
The fries were great , same with the rice & the dessert ( Milhojas ) were pretty good too !
they are still our favorite japanese restaurant .
I had previously been to Café Du Monde , so I was interested in comparing the beignets and the Café Au Lait .
The best pizza we had in New York was at Pizza Vetri in Philadelphia !
I made the reservation a week in advance and was told it was no problem .
The German potatoes salad was really good .
Should 've asked for a trash can .
the fetuccine romana is amazing
From the moment we came in , things have been rotten .
It is small , the tables are close to one another , and it is loud .
We just paid the bill and left .
Everyone in our party was very satisfied with their choices and we did not leave hungry .
The french press coffee was was my only highlight of the evening .
The oysters were great , as were the beignets .
And the French fries on the side were amazing .
Even though we waited one hour and a half for ONE sushi roll all we got was a simple " sorry . "
I ordered a pork chop and it was delicious .
Our server , Christa , was fabulous , always attentive to our needs .
So juicy and tender .
We were amazed at how fast the food came out , and our server was extremely nice and helpful .
I had the crab sandwich ( not local crab ) and it was really delicious .
We went through the drive thru & ordered 4 Chicago dogs .
My co - workers said their food was okay though .
My husband 's were cold .
Our server Tommy was a delight , from the first moment when he brought us 2 complimentary champagnes to toast .
We stopped here on a suggestion from a friend and I 'm sure happy that we did .
Other employees I spoke with said she 's awful to work for and people complain about her all of the time .
The only thing they did that was worthy of monetary compensation was provide us with a bucket of ice .
I called ahead of time and asked them what time they were closing they replied 1130 but they kicked me and friends out at 11 .
You could eat there if you wanted to but it 's really more of a to go type of place .
She is an absolute delight and the sweetest ever .
crispy on the outside and tender on the inside .
The crawfish did n't look or taste fresh .
I ordered the beet salad and added chicken it was outstanding .
On the plus side our waitress , Tamika , was ok .
And all I heard was " mmmmm " , " holy crap this is great " , and " great choice for a restaurant " .
The margarita was delicious !
I also really enjoyed my hotel room at the Hyatt , so next time I 'm in Indy I 'll dine at One South and stay at the Hyatt .
I 've been to this Chili 's three times since moving to Reno a few months ago and I wo n't be back .
She refilled our drinks a couple more times and told us to let her know when we were ready to pay , but no rush .
The entree was delicious !
My boyfriend and I went in last night , on Memorial day .
It was the perfect size and was so satisfying !
The waitress warned him it was a lot of meat ... he went for it anyway !
My first time to Let them eat cake . I myself love cakes anyway it 's was nt busy at all , the service I have ever experienced .
Our waiter had an accent and was very generous , made us feel like family at the table .
Southwest soup .
Since it is a tiny place there is sometimes a wait ...
The waiter was really cute when he brought me white rice and my mother brown / bean rice without having to ask .
Pasta were very good as well .
We were checking on 3 other reservations with " Valerie " and she said that she did n't see any in the system .
After an hour of waiting we were told our order was misplaced and it would be out shortly .
The gyro was stuffed full of very tender meat .
Good location downtown St.
If you come Tarpon Springs and do n't have meal at Hellas that 's gon na be a helluva good reason to come back to TS !
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE !
We had a couple of Fanta sodas too , which was pretty cool .
We were staying in Philly and have heard a lot about this place .
Then I called the Manger she barely listen offered no help at all .
We were handed menu anyway which did n't even have milkshakes on them .
It 's like coming in to a family 's home .
There was no mention of going down to a bar menu on the website so I was a bit annoyed by that .
The steak was average .
It was n't even close to rubbery , it was tender and basically melted in your mouth .
The worst part was the fried tofu tasted sour , which meant it was SPOILED .
Both entrees were amazing .
The appetizers are SO en pointe and amazing .
Ever since the first day we moved here from Denver 2 months ago we have loved this pizza place .
Horrible dining experience .
Everything from the service , to the food , to the atmosphere is amazing !
Make a reservation now and you wo n't regret it .
It 's Philly in your face so to all the other reviewers complaining about the noise .... whaaah .
Both times I 've come neither toro nor uni we 're on the menu ... we're in Santa Barbara !
This place is a real hidden gem ...
Miso Ramen : They send the broth separate from the rest , wrapped in saran wrap to ensure no spills , which was cool .
The ambiance is great ... cozy .
The grilled cheese was even better .
Nice choice for a steakhouse in St.
Our waitress , Lisa , was very helpful , she knew all of their menu and helped us select terrific choices .
( Which was not one of the songs we had picked ) The song quickly turned to a absolutely disgusting remake .
The coffee was great and I really enjoyed sitting outside in the courtyard .
When I mentioned it she at least offered to get the fries .
Start to finish ... great experience .
I am a huge fan of Iron Hill but since the closest one was in a half hour from me I did n't go often .
I messaged them previously and did n't receive any replies .
It did n't even rain , go figure .
My only gripe is it was a bit light on meat .
The band that played was actually a pretty good coverband ...
The Chicago dip was very bland .
The moment the food came out it want directly in front of us .
We made reservations but we arrived earlier and we 're seated right away .
At Dinardo 's you do not get what you pay for as the prices are rather high and the food quality is rather low .
The food was really good we had sliders , chicken sandwich ( the best ) and a sugar donut which was sweet .
All of the food we had was great .
When I opened my bag it looked like half the piece of cake was gone .
First time we have ever been there .
We have eaten at this one many times in hopes that " maybe it was just a bad night " .
I was n't terribly hungry so I ordered the mushroom bisque after reading rave reviews and it was exceptional ! !
It 's our go - to place .
Those things are unbelievable ! !
The hubby and I started off with the supreme nacho and they were pretty yummy !
The place was busy and we waited about 10 minutes for our table .
Thank god it was n't crowded because Brenda appears to be the sole cook .
There was no relief in our room even though the thermostat said 60 .
The food was the biggest difference between the places .
The restaurant itself was clean and the decor was nice .
Everything in this tiny restaurant was quality .. from the friendly service to the amazing food .
We ended up eating our pretzels later that night as a snack .
I 'm so glad we did , because this place rocks !
Tres Marias were the low point of the meal .
I wo n't be returning to this location .
The people in front of us ordered breakfast .
In my original review , I forgot to mention how gross the bathroom is .
When I got there they said the person who took the order forgot about it .
The chicken was left untouched on the plate .
I do n't remember what my fiance had , but he ate all of it happily .
She was unattentive , rude and lack of understanding .
Yes , apologies , but this is embarrassing !
I had a ton of fish literally .
We picked up a few sandwiches ( banh mi ) for $ 3.50 each .
Took a while to get actual service but once we did I was happy .
Very mouthwatering savory goodness .
I can not say enough how much I loved this place ! !
I got the shower curtain with the one half inside the shower and the other half outside .
We dropped our stuff off and explored .
My family and I came tonight to celebrate my brother 's birthday .
When we opened the bag everything was mixed together , so we dumped in a large bowl to share .
OMG , my husband and I love this place !
The veal was delicious and very tender .
I felt like my head was going to explode as I was walking out and I do n't have high blood pressure .
The vegetable soup was fresh , clean and tasty .
A little pricey but we chose to eat on the pier , so we knew it ahead of time .
I say " we " decided because he took my feedback - and perhaps my mood - into account .
This was the first time that she ever came to us .
a veggie wrap , + an order of hand - cut fries .
Eat there at your own risk .
It 's unfortunate as the ambiance is pretty decent and wait staff was attentive .
The pastry was light and a little crispy .
We waited another 10 mins and finally our food was out .
The food was authentic like home made which was tasty indeed .
Olivier 's is a bit away from some of the more popular streets in the Quarter .
The bread served was warm and
They 're a little on the small side .
We were told there would be a 15 or 20 minute wait for a table for the two of us .
Me & my friends did n't wan the lunch , we just wanted to take a tour of the Mississippi .
My friends and I planned to come to Sabrina 's for brunch .
Very pleasant place .
Staff mis rung our order and changed it from salad to wrap .
I ordered the hummus sandwich , which was delicious .
The food was very good , even as picky as I am .
There are several TV 's inside on which to watch various sporting events .
Bad service , and no offense to anyone but I can not even communicate with most employees bc they do n't speak any ENGLISH ! !
Ca n't wait to try some of the other vegetarian selections !
That was not good flan Pls Check the food before go out Thanks
This place will always be a stop when I get back to the south~~~
Hubby got the ribs and they were n't much to write home about .
I ordered the chicken fried steak .
Cudos to KK , you guys are the real deal
But like Grandma used to say , " ... there 's an ass for every seat " .
When a friend and I decided to head out for dinner during Devour Indy , I was so glad to see them on the list !
And it was delicious , as was every part of my order .
My fiance and I just had to pick and choose what we wanted the place to look like , and Carol exceeded expectations .
The wheat bun was delicious , and the lettuce and tomato were fresh and crisp .
Manager came over all pissed off and was downright rude .
I took it a sign of being good , but wrong !
I know this place seems sketch ... they do not even have a menu online .
We were provided great seating and were immediately engaged in the ordering process .
I gave the startled look many times and they did n't give a crap .
If you ever tasted lard , you 'll know that distinct flavor it has . ) The icing was also hard as a rock .
We went to the Smiling Elephant for the first time last night and thought it was absolutely delicious .
We sat at the table for 10 minutes before Stephanie S approached our table .
The upper ring of crust was nearly burnt .
The oysters we had were spot on what we wanted .
The servers completely ignored us , while taking orders from the tables around us .
There really was n't anything " special " about my meal or the risotto it was served with .
I ordered the shrimp and angel hair pasta .
Ca n't beat the hours either !
We sat around the kitchen bar counter and so got to enjoy watching them make pizza all night long .
For now , it 's my # 1 take - out place ( I suppose Vic would be # 2 , for reference ) .
The hot potatoes had great flavor but were served in a tiny bowl-- each of us was able to only have one small bite .
Food was great ... service was excellent .
Bottom line : tonight was my first and last experience at st .
He was trying to be nice so she would n't be in trouble and it backfired .
A great visit from the time we entered .
Its hard to believe that yelpers are referring to this place as average .
Be warned , it was a bit tart .
The girl just told the next family that came in here that it would be a better idea if they ordered to go than to dine in !
The Father 's Day brunch staff was extremly helpful in seating all 80 of us together and the food was very good .
I paired it with the ricotta whey grits- they were perfectly ( very simply ) seasoned and very creamy .
We were seated too far from the band to enjoy the music , and the staff seemed to be very disorganized .
The waitress was very nice and personable and it was a great experience .
It 's just ... chicken between two slices of plain white bread .
The place is beautiful and the atmosphere is truly inviting .
This is not a isolated incident .
Not only did he refuse to charge me for it , he hollered at the poor non - Indian guy who prepared it -- right in front of me .
We tried Mae 's due to some rude pricks across the street .
I ordered the iced latte matcha and the breakfast calzone .
I do n't know what happened to this place but it used to be our goto .
Dear families , I 've heard that if you stay on a room that faces out to Bourbon Street on the weekends , it can be quite loud .
I had my first Pho experience circa 2005 in Saigon when it was truly a hole in the wall off Lafayette Rd .
Of course we could have left but we chose to stay so I 'm not complaining , just letting others know .
My roommate and I waited over 40 minutes for our burgers , which was a bit annoying .
It 's one of the better places in the CBD I suppose , but not city - wide .
I was n't a particular fan of the fried rice 's consistency , however .
The sauces genuinely tasted saltier than necessary .
Essentially asked us to leave and gave no reason .
I tried Pomme Cafe last weekend as it 's on my favorite street of restaurants in Clayton .
However , last night we had them before the All Souls Procession on the lot across from the Mercado .
Upon arrival , we were immediately greeted , seated , and provided an ice bucket for our BYO bottle of white .
The rice was tasty , but it lukewarm and had a few cold clumps in it , so I would only say it was only fair .
If they are cooking something forget it , you ca n't even talk to the people behind the counter .
Some foodie friends have been talking this place up to me so I finally decided to check it out , and it was definitely worth it .
The food and drinks were top notch .
I had a bite .
I am a frequent Sunday School attendee and Wash West is my location of choice .
Dinner our first night was at the Cantina .
But this ... this is the real deal .
The chicken and the ribs entrees were overly - salty .
Our last visit there was strange .
The waitress was apologetic but we were billed for the entirety of our meal .
The man who helped me was extremely courteous and seemed to be doing most of the work .
The service was exceptionally great , and accommodating .
This is one of the better Einstein 's locations and the bagels are better than Bread Co.
Thank you for an amazing time ! !
All in all it was the perfect place to stumble into .
I ordered the chicken carbonara .
Sorry ALTON this was easily the worst service I ever had so ..
Penca looks like it was plucked straight out of Bushwick , Brooklyn .
We had wanted to sit outside like we did on our first visit but it had rained and the patio was shut down .
The mussels were okay .
We ended our night with some zeppolies .
I 'd never dined at Timpano before , and was excited to sit down to lunch .
Jesse , our server was nice enough but in the loud dining room you could n't hear a word he said .
We shared beef sliders as an appetizer .
The tour guide even announced that it was about to start , but nothing happened - no music , no explanation ...
The wait staff was patient since everyone arrived at different times and the food came out as expected in waves .
It 's not just a place to have a meal .... it 's an adventure ! ! !
Also , the garage atmosphere was taken very seriously .
My partner had the soup of the day which was leak and Brie followed by the pork cutlet .
When we walked in , we noticed the Galaga / Ms Pacman table was just getting cleaned up .
An trust me you will not regret eating there .
The portion was perfect and rather large , I was definitely full after eating the entire salad .
We had New Year 's Eve dinner at Lüke .
Although they are small portions , we were stuffed .
Loved the fact that he took time to go out of his way to talk to me and ask how my dining experience was .
Ca n't wait for them to open shop on Frankford Ave !
We all had delicious , creamy lime risotto .
The burger itself was somewhat bland and dry .
Perhaps it is a personal bias , but I found the place to be a little stuffy , and I could not tell how clean everything was .
We got to the place and there were no more available seats for the night .
We mentioned it to our server and she completely ignored the situation .
Overall - its good but not if your starving .
The hash browns were greasy and fairly tasteless .
The ribeye came out on a cold plate so I sent it back and the manager came over and apologized profusely .
HE JUST PILES IT ON AND IT 'S JUST AMAZING !
She greeted put party as soon as we walked on the door with a wonderful smile and a great attitude .
His burger was small and the presentation was unappetizing .
There was nothing special with the taste and overall bland .
We are driving down to St Louis tomorrow and this will be our 1st stop .
It was light and refreshing , perfectly seasoned and the wine paired with the dish was perfect .
and was the second person in the restaurant to be seated .
Overall this is a decent sport bar and everything was A - OK .
For the Greek food afficuinado , to the novice .
I wish you the best but I 'm afraid that the Gulch is a big sea and there are plenty of other fish .
The menu is expansive , & the food & beer were very good .
The signs in the back just make things more confusing .
We ate here on a Friday evening .
Immediately seated , owner came to greet us .
Its probably the best bacon I ever had .
This was our first visit .
It 's located in an odd little strip mall with poor parking .
The fries were ok .
The fries were OK .
The sesame chicken was average .
( Ok , I jest , but it was a monster ) !
We had a 3 hour layover and I neglected to look at the reviews prior to us getting a table .
The only saving grace of this experience was our waitress Alexandra who was super attentive and friendly .
I noticed the owner went over to one of the other tables and started passing around a picture of her grandson or something .
We just split a bunch of appetizers , all of which were good .
The Gumbo was def left over and re heated .
I chose the vegetarian plate and a Greek salad .
The caramelized onions were a little on the sweet side .
Perhaps the best part of the meal was the freshly squeezed orange juice- the freshest and tastiest I have ever had .
Overall it was n't terrible , but it was probably the most disappointing meal we had during our four day trip to New Orleans .
Grease soaked through the roll and the bag .
I noticed right away how different his ginger dressing looked .
We finished off everything that we ordered and made sure not to leave any sort of crab meat morsel behind .
They went from rangoon to ran-'gone ' !
The sashimi was fresh .
Our server , Nikki , was fabulous .
Our server , Grant was amazing .
One of my favorite restaurants .
There is parking lot to the rear ( small) ... be careful where you park .
Now it 's a sweet family outing and it 's always nice to stop in to the newspaper stand next door .
The most recent occasion was a Friday evening for my dad 's birthday before seeing a play at the nearby Walnut Street Theater .
Shame as I 've been there before and it was excellent .
And the food is good , too ;)
We finally received our entrees and I immediately recognized a problem .
The pasta was really overcooked ; just lay in a pool of cheesy oil ; it was so salty as to be inedible .
Fried chicken dinner was pretty amazing .
Only downside was the weak lemonade .
We did not wait long for our order either .
-One star for the annoying name .
A group of us went for dinner last night .
The meat in both the general Tao 's chicken and the orange beef also had weird textures .
The service was efficient , attentive and professional .
The service was very friendly , polite , and helpful .
We really like that everything tastes like food and you can tell it is all handmade .
For the table we got an order of the Truffle Rosemary Parmesan French Fries , which were very flavorful .
The Mexican menu was an unexpected treat .
We both exchanged a couple bites of each but mainly ate whatever we had .
My hubby and our other friend ordered the pomegranate braised lamb .
I thought about that a second and asked , " so it 's my fault for ordering too many toppings " ?
The dip came out with 6 pieces of bread placed in a circle around the dip .
When he arrived , I asked where he wanted to go , and he pointed to the doorway right behind me .
The panna cotta was smooth and very easy to enjoy .
I do n't remember what the food tastes like because I was distracted by the servers .
The reasons we declined this offer are numerous .
The menu is split up into texas - style and mexican - style .
I glanced over at the crab cakes that my friend had ordered and it looked quite dense and heavily breaded .
( With paddle sports from the Harbor area ) and we had made plans to grab an early dinner from the shellfish co.
My boyfriend ordered the lamb and I ordered the steak tartare .
I do n't know her name but she always seems down or unhappy .
The food was cold and the drinks tasted weird .
We seated ourselves at an available booth , and the server came and cleared the dishes from the last party almost immediately .
And while that 's obviously not a terrible mistake , the pastelito itself was pretty bad .
The salad was fresh and the shrimp was perfectly cooked .
however I felt as if I was being somehow overlooked by the wait staff .personally .
We could n't even eat the food and left it untouched .
The only negative thing about placing my order is that the man I spoke to hung up before I was done speaking .
I 'm not talking about the servers , who were friendly and knowledgeable .
Kobe burger w/ Swiss was so good !
Our fairly healthful lunch was a good value , too .
Paneed smoked soft shell crab a la Christian .
The service was impeccable-- friendly and watchful .
Half the table hated their food and the other half liked it .
A friend was in town and after a day at Busch Gardens we were starved .
The menu was also very crowded and not easy to decipher .
Louis was the lack of proper crawfish , so when news broke of this place , I rejoiced .
admittedly did pose a few minor inconveniences .
My favorite was the deep dish .
We did nt receive our waters until the entrees came and the waitress was generally unattentive .
Loved the " Grand Raison Belgian Strong Ale 12.2 % " WOW
Not the most pleasant experience .
I had the fruit plate which consisted of some grapes , some melon , and an english muffin for $ 7 .
Ya , unfortunately our favorite local theater has officially crashed and burned !
Others i m sure would be a lil disappointed .
Called ahead and our pitcher of beer was waiting for us on our table .
It 's " family style " which means they bring each dish out as soon as it 's ready and you 're supposed to share .
It was another hour and 15 minutes until we saw our burgers .
:) The soft shell crab was my favorite at Mr. B 's Bistro .
By the time I got back to our motel room , the bathroom was all that was on my mind .
To say I 'm disappointed would be an understatement .
The attire is business casual .
The chicken had a weird , super soft texture .
The crab fries came out hot and crispy and perfectly seasoned .
They were perfectly fluffy and dense at the same time .
I met the owner and his wife and they were extremely friendly .
My boyfriend had the French toast and described it as " melt in your mouth good " .
Dikke aanrader- wellicht reserveren als je niet van eindeloos wachten houdt .
Guy at the counter was rude , the place was filthy , and all around horrible !
Through yelp , I saw it , and when I saw the pictures of the gelato , I jumped out of bed and went there as fast as possible .
She selected a table in the corner because she did n't want to inconvenience customers that may enter , since she had a stroller .
I kind of bumped into this place while driving , and I 'm so happy I did !
ca n't really tell if it 's out of the box or made from scratch .
Atmosphere was nice and relaxing .
We paid $ 10.00 to taste 5 different wines and decided to sit out on the patio to enjoy the music with our wine .
We got ranch as a dipping sauce instead of blue cheese , which I thought was a little weird .
We had amazing service by the server Killian and the food was so good !
the noodles were a bit firmer than i 've had in other bowls of pho , but i honestly think that 's not a bad thing at all .
I ca n't recall the day I went but it was a memorial resturant experience .
The waiter never offered bread , so we ordered a tortilla , which was stale .
My boyfriend and i had two each .
The policy makes sense and I was open to the hostess that we were at fault for not all being there .
LOL I digress .
Just from walking in on the outside you feel like you are stepping into a different country .
Unfortunately today 's brunch was nothing spectacular ... my chicken and waffles were terrible .
The staff was all so polite and helpful .
The casino had a special luau and it was as if we were in hawaii .
There 's a cute outdoor area in the back , and it 's fairly easy to grab and go if that 's your intention .
The gyoza had only 3 pieces- which was perfect !
We were then served our meals and about 15 mins later , our appetizer arrived .
The service was great , they were very friendly .
I asked for the check .
One very noticeable thing for me was the lack of a recycling bin for the plastic and glass containers .
The convention center is right across the street so I think a lot of people were staying here for the Auto Show .
Overall , the food tasted average .
Me and my bf Vince went to BlackFinn for Sunday lunch yesterday .
Order the primo and you wo n't be disappointed ! !
The sauce was pretty bland .
When I went down to pick up my food he continued to harass me outside of my apartment and yell at me after he gave me the food .
It is centrally located that allows you to get to places very quickly by foot .
Mostly he enjoyed the meal though and was not complaining ... only answered me when asked .
He 's right ... Puckett 's is a treasure and we are so lucky to have such a great place .
Every element was cooked and seasoned to perfection .
I drove by this restaurant last night .
I think it took about 15 to 20 minutes for the food to come out .
The fish absolutely melted in your mouth and highlighted the night beautifully .
I frequent the Rittenhouse Square area often as an old friend runs a bar down the street , and have passed Porcini 's many times .
We got the escargot as our appetizer .
We were able to enjoy our pizzas outside on the sidewalk which made it even better .
The granny salad was perfect and the crawfish crepe was good too .
That seemed a little pricy , I could be wrong .
I went with my boyfriend and sat at the bar watching the chefs work their magic .
Very flavorful and the bread is just - well it 's almost croissant like .
Pear cider beer was really good the service was really good and great ambiance and the price was very reasonable
The prices here are * high * !
So happy that I found this place ! ! !
And the side salad was tasty too .
The ambiance at brunch today was soothing and the spirits of the staff were uplifting .
The bar has a beautiful view and we took advantage of it .
The bone fries were crisp on the outside , silky on the inside .
And we also had window seat so the view was wonderful .
The portions for both dinner and dessert were large .
But the taste of the meat was so foul I had to spit it out .
The mixed reviews are understandable .
I asked why she could n't give us the table next to the bar and she said that table is taken .
While there was parking behind the building we had to circle a few times bc it was still so busy !
The sushi was amazing and the hibachi was awesome .
I was halfway through my meal when the crawfish finally came out .
I checked out yelp before I came and again it was highly recommended .
I am so happy that we wo n't have to make the trek to Fishtown or Nolibs for a spot like this .
We order 6 tacos and guac and it was all delicious !
The bartender , not sure of his name , took great care of me and was so sweet !
My husband leaned his ear towards the door to hear the music that was playing .
I used to be a vegetarian , so this was a pretty gutsy order for me , but I am glad I did as the meat was very flavorful .
Dumplings were exceptional ! ! ! !
Really took special interest in us .
My wife and I went out as a treat because we did n't feel like cooking , but the majority of our food was sub - par .
I do n't even choose because I trust his choices .
This was the first time my friend and I had ever been to the restaurant and had heard some positive reviews .
They have an old train car in which you can dine , dozens of chandeliers and ornate furniture all over the place .
4 ) Fries - Yep , the fries deserved their own little section .
Best of all , it 's right around the corner from the angel wings mural so during the wait we stopped by to snap a photo .
The service was very quick as well .
I do n't know why anyone would ever order anything aside from their fish tacos .
This time , we dined alone ;)
The decorations were standard Italian restaurant fare complete with a large Mediterranean - style mural .
This was probably the closest thing I 've had next to Gino 's East in Chicago , which is saying a lot .
Pomegranate Braised Lamb Shank , Duck Duck Couscous , and the Cod were all MVP 's of the meal .
The food came out pretty quickly , we waited maybe 5 mins .
This place was awful .
this place was awful .
This was our last time in town , as we had sold our home in Alton .
Summary : Their special for the night was the best part .
The best food at our table was crawfish biscuit but everything else was very good .
We both ordered a merlot .
It does n't look like much from the outside but it is one of my favorite breakfast places in the area .
I went with friends and we all got something different and all taste tested each others food and all of it was tasty .
My hubs and I had the Anniversary Burger and the 96 Burger .
The food was exceedingly bland and flavorless .
However , the man and woman behind the counter are very rude and it 's a shame becuase the owner seems like such a nice man .
There are n't a lot of restaurants that I can walk to from my house , so I 'm really happy these guys are here .
The steak was a bit tough but the chicken was moist and flavorful .
The " manager " said , " sure , you can open the door if you want " .
The way the tables were set gave enough space to not be on top of people and to feel private .
We got there at 7 on Friday , I think the wait was 30 mis , but we found seats at the bar and just ate there .
BUT , our experience ordering our meal was absolutely miserable .
It was very fishy , and while I know it 's fish dip it was way to fishy for my liking ( maybe that 's the way it 's suppose to be ) .
We were giggling all night and his persona .
The next time we go back we 'll have to try the entrees , and sit in Lindsey 's section .
The sliders were fantastic .
Okay ... let me apologize for my party ordering the t - bone steaks and for me ordering the cabreria .
I ordered the Chicken Carbonara and after getting halfway through my dish , I realized it did not have any " chicken " ? ? ?
My husband and I are truly disappointed we had high hopes for PBODY'S.
Very angry manger tells me that when I last called I cancelled the rest of the order ( I did not ) .
I realize it 's Rittenhouse but the food portion to the hanger steak was absolutely absurd .
Our waitress was very friendly and the food was incredible ( I got the carnitas tacos ) .
Zimmer 's is a good spot to check out during " fish fry season "
THEN , because it was my birthday , he brought out a cake that he bought for me !
My first time here and it was an amazing experience overall .
Good service , very attentive .
The bed was comfortable .
The iced vanilla latte was okay as well .
My husband and I went here for our anniversary dinner .
Ca n't wait to go back and try the chicken everyone seems to love .
I am a malted freak , and was a little disappointed when it came out ... not very thick , and not very malty .
Took about 10 minutes for a server to come by .
We were able to do a tasting a the venue prior to creating our menu which was also very nice and helpful .
I also tasted the peach poprocks poptart and that was just sheer peachy goodness .
It was my first night in New Orleans and I was starving !
Conveniently located in the Hillsboro area .
Conveniently located within a mall , near the metro .
We did n't even try any of the other bars or restaurants in the hotel .
My meal at Oakley 's was rather enjoyable and most of the food was quite good .
Chicken and beef were cooked to perfection .
When my boys walked back to the table they were saturated with the smell of body odor from the couch .
The server with the glasses was waiting on the large group , the two ladies , and the couple in the corner .
My waitress was a lovely lady that was very engaging and attentive .
Overall , it is very clean , and well kept , and I hope they bring back my baked scallops ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I stop here frequently since it is right off the hwy on my way home from work .
The pita was soft and grilled to perfection .
Either the kitchen did n't check the temperature or they checked it and did n't care .
I kept thinking Gordon Ramsey was in the back yelling " Oh come on ! "
There were 8 people working ( that I could see ) .
We are new to the area , so we did n't know this place under old management .
Katie 's has been a frequent stop for me when in New Orleans but usually for lunch or late night eating .
Very knowledgeable and personable , the food was amazing and so was the ambiance !
So I do n't know what happened to this place .
My roommate , who is a human garbage disposal took a bite and immediately spit it out .
They never bothered to tell us that and some of the order was wrong completely .
All in all , we did n't really like the food here .
after dinner , a friend of mine suggested ice cream , and this was the place closest to the restaurant .
The owner is very personable , and took my harsh assessment of his bland chai tea ( the one item I do like spicy ! ) , to heart .
I had to try this place out per family recommendation and am just thankful I did n't stay here for the entire duration !
then it started to get really dark outside so we decide to just box up our meal , and leave .
I had the spicy sashimi bowl here and it was absolutely amazing .
The drinks were awesome .
He told me " It 's the only way to make every customer happy , and the only person to blame when things go wrong , is me !
The restaurant was clean and tidy .
If they give you sas , well I 'd say that 's expected of a grungy place , but that 's not necessarily true .
The crawfish beignet reminded me more of a calzone than a beignet .
We went on a friday evening around 5:30 and were seated outside on the covered patio right away .
Went to see Anders Osborne play here & it was a highlight of my trip to NOLA .
Our other tries were not as pleasant .
Louis that actually has good food .
But honestly , it is soooo worth the wait .
The restaurant was clean and fancy .
I 'm not very picky and I 'm never rude , so this says a lot : horrible experience .
The tomatoes and lettuce had already become warm , too .
Average pizza .
Our meals came very quickly and tasted great !
Also , there was a sign outside of the restaurant when we walked in that stated that fajitas were the daily special at $ 6.99 .
The only think Aaron was not accurate on was the slaw .
I pass on the food though , because its really not great .
When we placed our orders , we agreed to each other to ask for the check when she dropped the desserts .
It was a great atmosphere and the people were so friendly .
It ended up being one of our favorite meals in Nashville - and that is saying a lot ! !
Next time we visit NOLA , Muriel 's will be a must .
The tacos were delicious .
Terribly disappointed and all I wanted was a casual good NOLA meal .
We both agreed this was in our top 5 meals of our life .... worth EVERY penny .
We were also given complimentary popcorn too !
He was n't the least bit concerned nor did he apologize or compensate for everything that went wrong .
My favorite place to enjoy a St.
It has become my favorite spot for pho .
I was actually surprised that I liked the soup .
I paid cash .
The food here was , simply put , amazing .
Our bill was 110 $ for 2 people and it was horrible .
Our meal was definitely overpriced for the service we received .
First , when we walked in we were POINTED to our table , not actually walked to it .
We asked if we can order dessert and he took our order .
We did n't have a horrible experience but it was n't a pleasant one either .
One of the girls made a strange look on her face that was either confused , annoyed or both .
Our server was polite and detailed when reading our orders back .
The bread was really dry and hard and flavorless .
The food was sooo good and the service was great too ! ! ! !
But sadly , that was the best part of our experience .
We stumbled upon the place last night after a long day of running around with my kids - 8 & 10 .
This place was packed , so we thought it would be really good .
The manager was pleasant and after she was alerted our food did arrive .
The mural on the ceiling is a very eclectic work of art .
The first time I went it was ok service .
It 's how the Chef prepares & cooks the steak .. overall , they 're the same steak ... BUT ! ! ! !
We decided to grab a table and have dinner and Justin was able to remain our server which we were happy about .
The food came quickly and as perfectly prepared .
Nothing special but a nice little treat .
My wife and I visit New Orleans regularly , and every time we 're there , we go to Lüke every day for Happy Hour .
Mimosa 's were fresh and the pulled pork was awesome !
Tandoori chicken was very dry .
Everyone was happy but no - one was drunk ..
We came in 30 minutes before closing but they did not rush us out at all .
No wonder why it was totally dead inside the place even while the Sunday market was going on right outside .
I did enjoy they 're outdoor seating area .
I went there around 2:30 yesterday , there was n't a long line , thank God !
First , I asked them what was the meal of the day .
The brioche buns were buttery enough , the seared tuna was so so juicy , thick and well seasoned .
A great experience for our entire party .
It was so authentic I could barely handle my excitement .
The food runner was sweet as pie !
I said I had a train in 10 mins etc .
The presentation of the dishes was also great .
The grits were very creamy.and the pan fried trout was fabulous .
What in the heck happened to this place ?
On the cover it said : " We believe that the joy of eating lies in the art of fine cooking . "
It 's stressful to hear them cursing under their breath and yelling at their line cook , Carlos .
The first , best thing about Kermit 's is how late they 're open .
I ordered carne asada burrito - easy right , but tortilla was soooooo hard and huge , I thought I will break my teeth ! ! ! ! !
We stayed to enjoy the atmosphere and live music .
Rarely do you stop at a place like this .
The soft shell crabs were delicious considering they 're not really in season .
Overall , it was a leisurely dining experience in a nice atmosphere , but there were some missteps .
The food at this location was amazing .
I was so pleased with my experience .
The server we had was great though .
We ordered a key lime pie , we did not want to leave Florida without having one , it was beautifully presented and tasted good .
It is connected to V Street ( which is right next door ) so I 'm guessing this is the vegan paradise of Philly .
we left and ate at the foodery on 837 N 2nd St.
Our server was great and very helpful .
This was my first trip to Eclipse Pizza and I was impressed .
We stood by the bar for about ten minutes before we were asked if we needed something .
The food was spectacular and the service was very friendly !
We tried the sliders , fish tacos , fries and mac&cheese , all of which were pretty good .
The place was clean and quaint and decorated well with such great service and courteousness from everyone at the establishment .
The phrase " not bad but overpriced " came up a lot .
We finally get her to come over to our table .
so when i visit this place i was happy
Our server took our drink orders .
So the sandwich was just falling out all over the place .
The sweet was pure molasses .
It is one of the priciest places in town , which is n't cool because you have to cook your own food .
Very impressed with this place !
I liked the gelato a lot , while the cakes and brûlée a were extremely sweet .
This is the best place to go !
Near the end of our meal my girls , after drinking almost all of the milk said that it tasted funny .
The cashiers are all sweet and down home .
My friend and I love Cracker Barrel and it is always such a treat to go in and see Nancy 's welcoming smile !
Her speech was inaudible .
60 minutes later we finally got our food .
My friend wanted a frozen drink and we were told they did n't have a blender .
They were certainly prepared for the day and they even gave all Mothers a fresh cut red rose .
In the end , Sherwood Parkers seem to like the place and that 's all that matters for the owners .
Pay attention , it does n't cost anything .
Our portion of the bill was $ 140 for 2 glasses of wine , one shared appetizer , 2 entrees and one shared dessert .
Finally I got my entree , the Pescatore , which considered of a mix of seafood over linguine .
I got the BBQ chicken and devoured the whole thing .
One of the two bartenders was very knowledgeable and all were helpful .
I had very mixed feelings about Baileys ' Range .
They were some of the best fries I 've ever had .
Downside is that they do n't serve alcohol , but it 's a BYOB .
I walked in and both hosts were talking amongst themselves and did n't even bother to stop their conversation to greet us .
The dressing spoiled the dish ; it was fishy and pure salt .
The patty was cardboard but I ate it anyway ...
I drive from fishtown area and it 's worth it ! !
The atmosphere is very laid back , and the lavender vanilla latte was delicious !
We went for breakfast .
When we were ready to go I was able to swipe my credit card in the unit , select a tip amount , and get a printed receipt .
I ordered a caramel macchiato and absolutely loved it .
I first walked in and expected it to be like chipotle .... I was wrong .
Wifey had the curry soup and she enjoyed it .
When the bartender ask what we wanted we asked for two Chocolate Martini 's .
Me & my husband use to go here on the weekends for breakfast .
Truly loved this place !
We went about 2 pm , was n't busy so we were waited on fairly quickly .
First , we had to go through 3 different people just to place a to - go order even though it was n't busy .
The Italian Salami salad was awesome - artichokes , walnuts , salami , parmesan , and tomato salad .
I liked the inside vibe of the place too as it brought a tranquility to my random anxious states .
It 's so much more enjoyable this way .
I read the review where the the guy was ordering martinis and laughed out loud .
The room is very dark , but immaculately clean .
Ambiance-- ehh , it 's nice to sit by the fountains , but you have a busy road at your back , so the illusion is n't that great .
They do n't wear gloves .
She also rarely came to our table to check on us .
As former residents of Belgium we were not impressed at all with the food .
I totally found this place by accident when on a road trip up to San Luis Obispo .
Waiter was very friendly and staff was extra attentive .
Last night a group of 6 of us went to have dinner .
The place is small but its really good!!t
We just ordered a cake for my son 's birthday and we could n't have been happier .
We were given menus and he took our drink order after pouring the water .
We settled on the jerk chicken , collared greens , cabbage and rice .
It 's tucked in the corner of a shopping center and it 's very easy to miss .
The decor was modern and cozy .
A very unpleasant experience !
The high top tables are the ones beside the window that overlooks the river .
The back restaurant was a tight squeeze , but made us all closer .
It took me 10 minutes before I could even start eating , because I had to clean every shrimp myself .
Our server immediately promised to go make some for me , but alas ... the kitchen did n't have any mayo .
They recently held an anniversary event , open to the public , and it was a great time .
My only problem was it was very oily .
They gave us towels to sit on .. the towels did n't work so we moved ourselves .
The place was packed with people .
OMG , I forgot how good this pho tasted like the last time I ate here years ago .
When I walked in I was immediately greeted by a young lady .
The other apps I got were rediculously over priced ! ! !
The combination was quite possibly one of the 10 best meals of my life .
We were initially concerned with the 25 minute wait outside , but were pleased when they called us after just 10 minutes .
Plus , it 's a convenient location ( for me ) .
We waited for our food for well over an hour .
Of course she did n't even bring the drinks we ordered after all this time .
we waited another 15 minutes before finally getting his attention to ask for our check and a couple boxes .
What passed for fine dining here just did nt cut the roux .
Chicken was moist and and the skin was gently fried .
We arrived when it just opened ... about 10 more tables came in .
The pizza tasted like cardboard with a jar of generic pizza sauce spread on it .
I soon found out the reason .
Promptly after we arrived , a small line began to form outside .
Thee was a hundred people outside waiting to get in so I 'm sure my review wo n't matter but ... never again .
I was super excited when I found out about this restaurant .
Both we 're very good choices .
Also , there 's only one bathroom and it took FOREVER to use it .
We love the fact that it 's a byob .
We had a shrimp tempura roll and the snapper with scallop dinner .
My sister ordered the French dip and found the meat to be really dry .
The person that took our order was helpful , friendly , and eager to help us figure out what we 'd like best .
The crawfish bisque and the gumbo where my everyday favorites .
The seafood benedict was exactly what I expected - delicious- the coffee was delicious , bloody marys were SUPER strong !
We left the restaurant feeling like we should have spent the extra dollars and completely enjoy our meal .
When we finally got them , a man appeared and literally threw the salsa bowl on the table at us .
Overal I was impressed , its still not my fav in Nashville , but its up there .
Location is near a mall and a short cab ride to downtown .
went to the same place we did .
The place is n't on the main street so if you do n't know the neighborhood GPS the thing .
Based on a recommendation , we joined some friends at Hemingway 's for dinner .
I love the whole concept .
We polished off 4 appetizers , an entree and 15 rolls .
Headed to Franklin TN for the day from our weekend in Nashville .
We had a seat outside so I 'm not sure what the interior was like but the atmosphere was great .
The girl I spoke to on the phone confirmed she has changed it .
The service was excellent and the waiter was attentive .
It 's one of my favorite brunch places solo or with friends .
I asked if we could sit at the 2 top that had been vacant since we walked in and she looked at the empty table and said sure .
I read through a few of the reviews before going and was n't surprised that they were out of the fried chicken when I got there .
We had also some chicken but it was not good .
The spring roll was not much better .
Needless to say our meal and service was impeccable !
Went for breakfast on Sunday morning around 10 am ; there was 4 of us .
My mother and I decided to check out The Prime Rib after seeing reviews online .
Also love the ravioli soup ( though not Italian at all ) The staff is very friendly and accommodating .
We were not even brought a glass of water .
Both were delicious ( my husband wo n't stop talking about it ) !
Love this restaurant .. ! ! !
This time we sat upstairs ( the interior of this place is amazing ) and had Rockett as our server .
The étouffée was so / so , it was tepid and somewhat bland but the risotto and pork chop were amazing !
The atmosphere is clean and homelike but also a little fancy so i loved it .
There are places for you to sit , but this is n't a Portillo 's .
I simply asked for her to read back what I ordered and she became frustrated she kept saying give me your credit card number .
Of course , I had the margarita pizza and was really impressed .
Pizza and garlic knots were pretty good .
When I started to tell the guy what happened he cut me off and said I was wrong .
I went for a networking happy hour , and the service sucked ... I mean , they kept giving drinks to the wrong tables , etc .
I had the Italian wrap , which was delicious .
My boyfriend and I are visiting the Philly area from Pittsburgh and I 'm so glad we found Bernie 's on Yelp .
Considering the price for dinner , we all had expected a lot more .
our waiter literally stood over my husband to see how he liked the turtle soup ...
When we got our salads ( Barcelona w/ salmon and the Salmon salad ) we were underwhelmed .
He yelled at me , and told me he did not care if the 12 of us walked out of there , and interrupted me every other word .
The orders are each designated a number .
After waiting another 15 mins our food did not come out .
The coffee cups were a little small but it did the trick .
Was told the server would be with us soon .
The wait , by the way , was almost nonexistent .
The pasta itself was bland and the pink sauce tasted like it came from a jar .
I do n't know where to begin ... we had a fabulous experience here last night .
just average ...... service in Slidell VERY GOOD ! ! !
It 's and ok burger is good but it 's one of those things after you eat you feel disgusting like why did I eat that .
Recommended by our cool Lyft driver Tamara ... and soooo glad we listened !
My only complaint is that the bread was totally soaked in grease .
The interior is adorable and casual .
I thought the staff was very friendly .
It 's the real deal and how they seasoned it is pretty good .
This is my new favorite Vietnamese place in town .
The two cocktails my ladyfriend had were also super yummy , and a much more reasonable $ 9 a piece .
We split some fried green tomatoes ( which were fantastic ) !
Ca n't go wrong with Frady 's po - boys .
It was a perfect mix of sweet , spicy and vinegary - everything in proper proportions so that nothing was overpowering .
Absolutely terrible customer service .
Our intention was to go to Rooster ..
I 've only heard good things .
I ordered chicken tikka masala which was so flavorful and rich and my husband had the chicken tagine ... amazing !
The burger and fries were amazing !
She sampled the spinach and ricotta gnocchi , which were quite nice .
We were n't able to complain the next day because the check - out line was too long .
She agreed on the steak and took it back .
We have been there on very busy nights .
It wound up being close to 10:45 when we got our meals .
It was the perfect atmosphere and food in the downstairs lounge area .
It is a place I would visit again if I get back to St.
We came here last night and it was tasty .
but we had to take it home and eat it because it was past the children 's bed times at that point .
The food was ok , nothing really special .
My boyfriend 's chicken shawarma was packed with chicken .
This is the best Thai place around , hands down .
The customer service was all very good .
This is such a breath of fresh air , literally since the meandering gardens and waterfalls are so serene .
We visited here for my husband 's birthday breakfast .
Did I mention the plastic shard at Cheesecake ? ?
I got the fried seafood platter and it was extremely peppery .
Almost forgot to mention the cook in back coming out drenched in sweat holding your food ?
it 's life changing .
It 's life changing .
My husband had gumbo and the other three of us had the salad Luke with buttermilk dressing .
He appeared to be concerned about the treatment we received .
I ordered the fish and grits .
This place was actually worse than Moylans in Novato , and I rank Moylan 's pretty low .
I think it had dispersed by the time anyone came up to investigate .
My husband had the pork roll burger .
It 's my own fault for not speaking up but I ve never returned food because I just did n't like it ...
The salad was very very good .
We were out with friends who were starving and we were on the north end of State Street .
Not to mention the atmosphere and environment .
It was a very filling , satisfying and comforting meal .
He washed the dirty container that should never have been used in the first place and thought that was acceptable .
We had both of the two French toasts -- both were good .
The entrees , however , were just average in my opinion .
I was surprised to see how busy the place was and the variety on their menu .
We also ordered 20 piece wings but when it came out , there was only 19 pieces .
I do not feel safe and I told management that , and the did call the police .
The two drinks that were recommended to me were a Pim 's cup and Sazerac .
I got there right before a rush and was waiting for my food and talking to Memo , who works there .
We were barely able to eat half of our food .
We ordered the pineapple fried rice and pad Thai .
The calzone was just the right size , and there was just the right amount of sauce to go with it .
The crawfish beignet was excellent !
Always great food and exceptional service ! !
My only complaint was that she said she had to take our app and entrée order all at once due to how busy they were .
The chicken was very bland & the stuffed shells were hard & overbaked .
We chose to eat dinner at Hellas .
I had the mashed potatoes and collard greens .
Its a little pricey but you definitely get what you pay for , for the most part .
Again , it 's more a matter of taste than anything they did wrong .
Then the 2 who took her place ( personality wise ) was not much better .
The smoothie was terrible .
I wish we could 've sat on the balcony but it was a no go ( maybe they do n't do it at lunch time ? ) .
Chicken & Toast - Sweet , savory and a little spicy .
My daughter 's Unagi Don was okay .
The biggest problem I ran into was figuring out which restroom was the men 's .
We four each took one bite and it was gone !
But I suppose that 's all more personal preference than anything else .
The menu was pretty awesome .
Service was exceptionally friendly and the person serving us told us that he owns the restaurant with his wife who is the chef .
I got the whiskey ginger donut and the oyster slider .
We could see three open tables outside and two other tables seated after us had already received food .
A server named Colby told me it was coming after checking with the kitchen .
The food was not very good either .
As always our meal was enjoyable .
The place was pretty busy when we when on a Monday night which was a good sign .
My family went because we were new to the area and have heard great things .
He hated the dish and ate very little of it .
The waitress told us they had n't started on any of our orders at that point .
It 's nice to have this little spot nearby and convenient .
We tried SOOO MANY things , some things were pretty cheap so we thought it was a small portion but its actually pretty big .
Cuz we walked around for 30 mins and almost everything else we were finding was closed .
It 's really best to take it away , because the dining area is usually a little dirty .
They seemed genuinely excited it was my first time and directed me through the fairly simple menu .
As a newly former vegetarian I opted for Alfredo 's special and Wow was it good .
The bread was hot and fresh .
Both the lamb and the filet were excellent and extremely well prepared .
Total red flag , but my 5 friends all wanted to stay .
We ordered 2 dips , soup , bruschetta , salmon and 2 salads .
He did n't want to go to place I choose , so this was the place he choose .
We had the deluxe gyro and the chicken gyro .
The atmosphere was really inviting and everyone on staff spoke to us at least once !
The entree I ordered was the mussels .
So I have to admit , I 'm a little biased when it comes to this Zea location .
It was a little difficult maneuvering my car but worth it .
I was third in line , and it took almost 20 minutes to walk out with my to - go order .
I enjoyed the atmosphere and the delicious food .
The best part was the rice .
The only downside is that they do not take reservations , so it can be a bit of a gamble on a weekend .
I do n't know if they even know how bad or good their food is .
My husband had the pulled mushroom sandwich .
Our dessert was good but not memorable .
We stopped here for a late lunch and absolutely loved it !
Sorry top hog .
The staff made me feel like I was home and the food was awesome ! !
Ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu .
I got a few tiny pieces of sweet green pepper and mushroom and 2 pieces of broccoli .
This was delicious and my favorite thing we ordered .
The dressing was absolutely incredible !
Its easily one of my favorite restaurants in the city !
They made sure everything was perfect and I was really impressed with the staff .
Eggplant fries were amazing .
Our experience at Sun Diner was pretty ridiculous .
We went on a Wednesday night , the place was packed .
Tony Luke 's was mobbed , we did our drive by , not a chance .
Maybe I missed something but I ca nt see what the big deal is about this place .
The tortillas are real and so are the people ....
First time here - absolutely LOVE it .... so happy ! ! !
We took home our pizza and fries , since we could n't finish it all .
The chili cheese dog was quite large .
All the starters were very good .
It 's was worth any wait .
We went here for dinner tonight , before we went out to Bourbon street and the atmosphere was so fun !
Overall it was an amazing and very filling dinner .
I had n't really planned on stopping at Edley 's because we have some pretty okay BBQ in my city and it 's just not really my jam .
We confronted her about this and there was no remorse only made up lies about these charges .
I have never eaten here always got take out so I ca n't speak to the ambiance but the food is delicious .
The oyster was more battered versus breaded .
The food and service was very good .
This place was my favorite brunch place in New Orleans .
We order the cherries jubilee and sat back and enjoyed the presentation and dessert .
It 's almost as if they do n't want you to pay , because every customer literally had to ask the staff to take their payment .
This time we took my sister - n - law and her boyfriend who had been visiting us from England .
But the real kicker was NO line !
It took over two hours and I got a voicemail from the driver(on accident I suppose ) swearing about the delivery .
It took so long to get my order that they threw in five extra ones for free as consolation .
I would venture to say the chaat was life - changing , but I 'm also a huge fan of Indian food and chaat so count that as my bias .
The tacos I had were delicious ( small , but filled with a lot ) and I also had a quesadilla , which was so flavorful and good !
I had the sangria and it was very average .
The spinach salad was good as well .
It 's not my absolute favorite peanut butter sandwich , but it 's tasty .
For the how busy the place was and small the entry felt we wo n't go out of our way to pick up more slices .
No actual meat !
Had never eaten here until this weekend .
The upstairs decor was cozy & well lit .
My boyfriend and I ordered the pulled pork empanadas and I ordered the mushroom salad .
As soon as you cross the threshold , you know you have made a good choice , the smell makes your mouth water .
My boyfriend and I came to Ybor city and stumbled upon this place .
Our favorite to go spot .
The manager did take 2 entrees off the Bill but we wo n't ever be going back .
But , they had n't dusted in some time and there was quite a bit of dust caked on the water pipes and top of door frame etc .
The music was amazing , the service was great ( our waiter was Alex- he was awesome ) .
I actually would not have bought the pizza but she ran my card before she brought it out .
Took the words right out of my arm ... I mean mouth !
She provided us with some helpful tips .
It was n't on the menu , but it was delicious !
We gave it to the other couple .
Our server was super attentive , and very friendly ; however I feel like the food was disappointing .
Really bad impression for our first visit .
Not having been to any of their other locations , I really liked the lay out here .
The bartender was worse .
George 's Sandwich Shop is located right in the Italian Market area .
The most impressive thing to me were the touchscreen units that were present on each table .
I would n't consider it dicey , but then again , I hang out in Detroit all the time , so dicey takes on a whole new meaning to me .
It 's tiny , but we were there on a Tuesday evening , and only had to wait a few minutes .
and of course , the thai iced tea .
It might not have been a french fry , i 'm not completely sure , but whatever it was it was a fantastic addition to my entree .
It was a beautiful 70 degree Sunday , so we decided to go to this location knowing it had a beautiful outside patio .
Our three issues with the establishment were 1 ) the establishment was understaffed ( wait staff ) .
Our server was kind and helpful .
My boyfriend hue is rancheros deluxe he said it was amazing and delicious .
The older gentleman given the task of making our salads was a complete jerk .
( I like the chicken pita meal . ) The place is well - managed and you can see that everyone there takes pride in what they do .
My favorite thing there is the rice .
when we arrived there was a lone table with a white table cloth and candle gleaming ...
I called at 1:07 to find out where my lunch was .
Really liked all the barn board and the lighting was really unique and eye catching .
Our server was amazing .
Go to the location on Magazine St.
everything was phenomenal , and we could nt stop talking about how pleased we were with the service , food , ambiance , everything .
Both times we were impressed with the wait staff , atmosphere and most importantly , the scrumptious food ! !
The big issue I had is when the check was delivered there was an " ACA Surcharge ? "
The chocolate fudge shake was awesome too .
He suggested Brew Brothers , right in the hotel we were already in .
Went here for dinner on opening day and was SO HAPPY I DID ! !
I highly recommend this item as it was the best thing out of everything we ordered .
We asked to speak to a manager and was told they would come .
I do believe our servers name was Stacy .
this place is close to home .
Great atmosphere as soon as you walk in , we were taken to our table very quickly .
We looked at the menu and the prices were very reasonable .
Really , truly - everyone was very helpful and nice and informed about the menu .
We had the linguine with marinara and the rotini primavera .
Sorry that there are no photos .
We waited an awkwardly long amount of time before our server ( very awkwardly ) greeted us .
That said , the food was , as always , wonderful and delicious !
Our server was very attentive but not overbearing .
She seemed to be in charge because the other employees seemed to ask her questions .
The service we received was fantastic .
It was my 30th birthday , and Ralph 's food was all that was on my mind .
I do n't like eating seafood in Alberta : it comes from too far away .
I came in between the lunch and dinner service so it was pretty quiet , but still comfortable .
We were seated and then it took an additional 12 minutes for a server to come to our table .
Um there is NO WAY all of those people just showed up in 10 min .
My girlfriend 's macaroni and cheese tasted good , which did n't tasted microwaved .
The patio out back is nice , too .
I 've been wanting to try this place since I moved to St.
It was painfully obvious the wait staff was under - trained and from the way the food was cooked perhaps the cook staff too .
The bad : fried Oreos were a mixed bag .
It was hard to hear them call your order and hear each other talk .
We ordered sandwiches because we were starving after moving all morning .
The only item we ate that we did n't love .
The salad was delicious , but I did expect it to be warm .
Our water was never empty , we never waited too long for one course to come out , and we were asked how everything was .
Rosalena 's is like a time warp and I mean this in the best way possible .
But I think she had ran in the back , and they apologized .
The ambiance is very homey and quaint .
This is my FAVORITE place to eat .
The onion did n't come flying out the first bite like most onion rings .
I ordered the BLT with avocado - it was so delicious !
The servers here are certainly friendlier .
the server brought the food after 15minutes or so .
The beauty of the plating is what makes the experience even more memorable .
I ca n't remember the names of our main courses - which , in the Filipino fashion , we shared .
( Side note , my friends and I did n't eat all day after reading over this menu in anticipation of our reservation ) .
Relaxed by the firepit and sat at the end of the dock at night which was a thrill .
At the end we heard the couple to my left Complain to the waitress that her eggs were n't cooked .
While the ribs were smoked and tasty , they were a little tough compared to what we 're normally used to .
The spicy squid was decent .
My sister and aunts had a wonderful time !
When we arrived , the host staff were busy and not available , so we just walked in .
The food was completely inedible .
Atmosphere was nice and trendy .
No ranch dipping sauce came w/ them
We enjoyed our meal and the service was good , and most importantly , it was not that expensive .
We were welcomed by a person at the door and then there was a host station to check in .
atmosphere is incredibly inviting and the decor is very tres amigos .
However other staff members were very courteous and polite .
The wait time was pretty short , considering the large number of people there .
Then when she immediately redid my order it was completely wrong , and they ran out of what my friend order .
It was honestly one of the best pizzas I 've ever had .
This was our first visit to this new restaurant .
They did n't make eye contact , say hello , can I help you , nothing !
We had to get wraps to keep ourselves from freezing to death .
The wrap was much easier to eat and was very tasty .
Well my annoyance quickly disappeared when I took the first bite .
I switched my order this time and ordered the pork belly beni and my husband got the am relleno .
I do n't like how recently they park everyone , even when there is no one behind you .
Dani brought a birthday sundae for my parents to enjoy towards the end of the meal .
It was a little empty when we started our meal but by the time we finished dessert the place was buzzing with people .
Spanakopita - mine was a little over cooked , but the flavors were really good
Decor was really nice and we got seated very quickly by the hostess , who looked to be all of 14 .
Anyways , it looked like it was gon na be a good find .
Our server was wonderful , SO kind and adorable .
We were even greeted with a complimentary tasting when first seated .
There are lots of tables so being seated happened right away for even our party of 6 .
I liked the whole experience and the service was excellent .
But what was really disappointing was the jerk wings ..
My entire body quivered as I spit the waffle in to a napkin !
They barely gave us any mushrooms .
Greek coffee was amazing .
The tender roast beef , the delicious gravy & the soft french bread .
The artwork and seating arrangements is very inviting .
The smoothies did n't taste bad but they just did n't taste good .
But ... if you 're willing to overlook some imperfections you wo n't be disappointed .
The salad was very good pizza was excellent ! ! !
Our table had a variety of entrees : pescatore had the largest mussels , .
It was delivered precisely on time and was just amazing ! ! !
The host , of course , were more than happy to accommodate me .
The first time we went here , it was sometime around 7 .
This place is definitely deserving of your visit ! !
Things have obviously changed .
In addition the lighting outside on the porch was just pitiful going into the sunset .
The staff were very helpful when we explained our time crunch and helped by taking our order before we got our table .
Oh , did I mention the biscuits ? !
Ribeye was amazing ! ! !
This place is next to where I work on the weekends which makes it my go to place to eat at .
The setting is beautiful , as it 's right on the gulf .
Just no dessert , which is probably better anyway - we were so full !
She did n't come back to check on us AT ALL the rest of the time we were there .
My husband and I went with friends last night who selected the restaurant because of its Restaurant Week menu .
He put a huge damper on the day and the fun of the event .
He walked in , took one look , and I knew we were both on the same page .
She loved everything on that platter .
The bartenders were super attentive and friendly .
While the food was good , and the view was wonderful , we had an unfortunate experience .
It seemed the server would rather not be bothered .
We all were really excited to try out the new place , but left feeling disappointed .
Ambiance and food was great .
I think I was more so in shock and could n't get a word out .
Their carne seca is the best in town and is impossible to resist -- order anything with it , and you wo n't be disappointed .
We took the dinner cruise and I was very suprised to have a very good meal .
My husbands porkchop was very dry and bland .
He also apologized , but we were still charged for the Pepsi my partner did n't drink .
I told my partner it ca n't be any worse than the other mediocre places we have been going .
But they sure as shit ai n't a cafe .
Her hair smelled very nice !
The food was delicious and the atmosphere perfect .
First time and was very impressed .
The potato filling was so good .
nota bene : your party wo n't be seated until everyone arrives .
Service was efficient and very friendly , which is a redeeming point .
I 'm a huge panara fan .
The food was terrific .
ALL were served before us even though we were the first to arrive and place our orders .
Very good service .
We waited 15 minutes to receive our first drinks and it went downhill from there .
The butter chicken and naan were particular favorites .
The lamb was well seasoned and tender .
The bartenders are not very attentive , but our waitress was sweet and pretty accommodating .
I noticed bizarre tea cups over there ... "
The follow up question she asked was that there were absolutely no animal products in any of the tofu dishes ?
The server kept coming over to ask how things were ... and kept coming back every five minutes .
Our server was friendly and helpful .
Both the fries and the gyro were very tasty .
I can handle a bit of second - hand smoke with my pizza pie - but only if the pizza is good . ]
It was by far the worst meal I have ever had .
Chicha morada is a sweet Peruvian beverage made from purple corn native to the Peruvian Andes .
I ordered the French toast ( so delicious ) which was savory and loved the caramel sauce .
It was cooked but the texture was unusual and the shape was ... round ?
I love Indonesian food and u will admit the food here is good .
We asked the waitress if the chips were cooked on vegetable oil and explained my boyfriend was allergic .
Our server was Caroline / Carolyn she was amazing , friendly , great smile , and very helpful when we had questions about the menu .
We brought a bottle of white wine with us , the staff did not bring a ice or a chill bucket for us .
first of all , it took us 45 minutes to get our food for brunch .... and it came out cold and we found a hair .
The table was also dirty .
We kept waiting another 10 mins went by our waitress came by finally and apologized for how long it was taking ...
As a result , I was a little disappointed .
All 5 guys were just sitting around .
I went with a friend who seemed to enjoy it as well .
In fact , we would not have gone back if we had realized it was the same place beforehand so we were glad we had forgotten .
The pasta was cooked perfectly , chicken parm was delicious and pizza was good .
They had limited food items available being mostly donuts this morning .
Everyone else chose the Saltimbocca , which was also nothing special , have had better on the hill .
The manager was not friendly .
This was a great place to have brunch with the family .
However the parking structure was completely full and there was no additional parking .
It was a great location with a view of the whole dining room AND the kitchen ( like that ! ) .
Must say though that a lot of the sauces seemed pretty salty .
terrible job .
Unfortunately , they did not have ANY high chairs and we had to leave .
The walls are apparently paper thin that I could hear the entire conversation they were having .
All was a great meal .
Calzones are iffy .... sometimes they are really good , other times just horrible ! ! !
We had the meat and cheese plate and the pork belly ... both delicious .
Prosciutto , mortadella , sharp provolone , stuffed peppers and many other things , marinated in a delicious oil , it was perfect .
I really enjoyed the sweetness and texture of the risotto , but it was just a bit undercooked .
The shrimp was disgusting you can even taste the dirt inside it .
Food was great ! ! ! !
We went for lunch .
My Smashed Meatball sandwich was less impressive .
We were told our room was n't ready at 3pm(check in ) and waited an hour .
I ordered the pbbj which was very unique .
After moving to the area , Jungle Prada Tavern was one of the first places a friend took me .
I could n't stop thinking about the other place .
Had to wait bc it was the weekend but food was good & gator tail was delish ! ! !
I can not remember the name of mine but it had raspberry in it and it was amazing ( sorry , not very helpful ) .
My only complaint might be the curry sauce was just a little thin but that 's really nitpicking .
At the end , we each got desserts .
I did n't get a chance to test the Wi - Fi but I would say given the ambience and the quality of the food it 's a repeat
I imagined it would be razor thin slices of mid grade fish , but it was beautifully thick chunks of salmon ...
The Mongolian beef was REALLY yummy .
The host was pleasant though and we were quickly seated and did n't wait lobby for our server .
I do n't know what kind of magic they cooked up with these things , but they were tasty !
The chicken kabob was ok .
The server also said the pad thai and the cashew chicken were the most popular dishes .
The staff is very friendly and attentive .
I called and requested for them to please send the correct item .
Our waiter was fabulous , and we so enjoyed ourselves .
The Bauernschmaus is one of my favorite restaurants in the city - we do all of our family dinners there .
We asked the manager if we could be moved to the 2 seater ... he said fine .
Ok here 's the deal - I REALLY wanted to like this place , especially with all of the great reviews .
The sandwich itself was also very good .
The waitress was superrrrr friendly and helpful .
I got the grilled oyster and shrimp po'boy , and I asked for the Tabasco mayo .
Asada Tacos , Carmelo 's , condiments .... all of it is legit .
I think there were only about 10 pieces of shrimps .
Caya , the co - owner was very easy to work with and she accommodated our needs and made the event run smoothly .
This will be our last visit to Ralph 's .
the baked potato soup .
the lady who waited on us was not friendly at all .
I guess I should have taken that , and the gross , unkempt bathroom as a sign .
A shame because the flavor was actually awesome .
It was obvious that they either had no training or were trained poorly .
I was super disappointed by our server and my appetizer plate .
I ordered the gyros plate .
The ginger beverage was very good .
Our experience at the Yolk was fantastic .
She was n't sure at first , but after a little bit she decided to ditch her blueberry cheesecake and finish ours .
Yeah , it 's weird : I 'm not even a fan of seafood and , to be honest , I was n't even really that hungry .
The floor was sticky and food was all over .
The staff was very friendly and our waiter was extremely nice .
It does n't seem like they should have had to be so steadfast about their cutoff time .
I remember it taking a moment to get our orders together as they input them using an iPad .
AJ the waiter was excellent .
I had been to Albasha before in another city and was pleasantly surprised to find one in Metairie .
- CON : Recent happy hour addition was downright disappointing .
As we were leaving , we all looked at the check and all said - man what a reasonable price for such excellent food .
The waitress was n't very helpful with helping us order from the menu , which is in French .
The macaroni was over cooked it was mushy .
For starters , we 've tried the Tequeños y Yuquitas Fritas and Pulpo al Olivo .
Hopefully she was having a bad night because otherwise , I could n't come back based on how we were treated .
We used our gift card to order something for carry out and brought it home .
The omelette was a little watery , but the potatoes were pretty good .
The third slice was tomato , spinach , ricotta , sausage and roasted red peppers .
I got the chicken waffles it was very delious and flavorful .
We decided on Morton 's for dinner last night since all other restaurants had an extremely long wait .
( The other options were Caesar salad and clam chowder ) .
We then had the table - side guac which was fantastic and a must order .
The crab cake had lumps and chunks of real crab meat ... soooo good !
He said he 'll take care of it that took a minute to come out as well .
We learned they have smokers in the back and everything is cooked on site .
But the hostess / manager was very friendly and chatted with us for a bit .
This was one of my favorite things about living right by Broad Ripple when I was in college .
Brick Tavern is a nice ' happening ' place to meet people in the area .
We have been on sort of on an impromptu tour of Philadelphia 's Indonesian restaurants as of late with Hardena and Indonesia .
I am thrilled that Tutti Frutti opened ... mostly because it is just a five minute walk from my home .
We just had a couple of gyros with pita chips so I ca n't comment on the rest of the menu , but the gyros are very good .
Wherever possible , the ingredients ( including the meat ) are locally sourced .
This was surprisingly the best meal I have ever had .
So glad we found this place !
The atmosphere is a little creepy .
Our food was hot and delicious- my husband and I had eggs and an omelet .
After getting us waters , it took them a LONG time to even come by and acknowledge us .
She was very rude with my guests and me .
The floor is sticky .
Omg the food was delicious , and plenty of it !
The cheeseburger was quite large and the meat was tasty .
The coffee drinks looked inventive as well .
My friend 's shrimp was n't as he expected and the manager comped his entire dinner although we did n't ask for it .
The one thing that was truly amazing was the Tanked fish tank .
This was hands down out favorite place in Nashville and this place had the BEST service we got our whole trip .
The food was so flavorful and such a good mix of tastes .
We were in disbelief that this experience just got worse .
The days that I get to go to the falafel truck at lunch always feels so special .
The food in both places is just incredible .
Our waitress was incredibly nice and was very quick to check on us and take our order .
They do n't update their website and they do n't tell you where the truck is located .
Wow , we had the chance to pop into this local favorite last night and were we impressed .
I 'm sorry Caruso , but I do n't think my family will be coming here ever again !
My husband and I live 3 blocks away from Ichiban .
We salvaged dinner with baklava from the attached bakery , and it was good .
Although many choices , it kind of feels like different versions of the same choices .
The bartender Kelley was attentive and friendly despite the fact that it was a very busy night .
Had Gus 's pretzels for appetizers , frittata for main course .
We were driving from LA to San Luis Obispo with our 8 month old son and decided to stop in Santa Barbara for lunch .
The sad truth is the latter .
He let us try the sides .
Though I never felt rushed , I did feel intimidated by the waitress and she was very to thr point .
the test : mackerel , eel , tako , uni , salmon roe - all fresh and excellent the night we went .
The staff was awesome and attentive .
Our service was good and it was n't crowded ( sign ? ) and the menu options looked good ( especially the professional photos ) .
Attentive prompt service .
because as soon as the manager got to our table so did the one piece of chicken wing soaked in oil .
Not only did the dish look very appetizing and presentable , but it was so , so good !
The spring rolls were pretty good .
They literally melted in your mouth .
We even forgot one of our wallets on the table and a hat , coming out twice to give them to us .
No one came by to take our drink order .
Definitely reminiscent of Lou Malnati 's or Gino 's East deep dish pies in Chicago .
Some were friendly and others made us feel like we were bothering them by being there .
I hate take out places that use so much boxes and cups and card board - it 's extremely eco - unfriendly .
Its my duty to give you the kind of sandwich that you ordered through our cashier .
The ratio of fish to rice was very high .
Unfortunately it 's way the hell out in Harahan , so I rarely have a reason to frequent it .
At the very least it knocked Los Angeles out of the park .
We got there around 11:30 and got the last table before they went on a wait .
Recommend : Pollo y papas , chicken .
My main complaint is that the order came with an unacceptable amount of closed shells - 9 !
This is a place we stop into every time we visit NOLA .
There were 3 ( maybe 4 ? ) tables , florescent lighting , and we were given a roll of paper towels for napkins .
While leaving the host kindly insisted to grab the manager after we told her what happened .
All the selections were gross .
My least favorite was the caramelized ground pork - it was a little too sweet for me .
The other one was the raspberry .
Breakfast was average , same with lunch , which was a choice because the first two places we picked were closed for lunch hours .
The sound guy was a complete knob .
We placed a large dinner order for take - out via Fellini 's web site .
We all had ice cream and felt it was subpar ; mainly because it was melting so fast .
This restaurant was right across from the venue and a perfect place to grab a bite before getting in line for the show .
Should 've just gone to French quarter and ate at one of the other places .
Could n't have sat under the warmer for long - it was too cool to the touch to have been there .
The restaurant was very clean , and the employees were polite .
We had appetizers to try different thingsthis was a great Idea .
Menu said to voice food allergies and I did .
The servers are down to earth and attentive .
Our server was Justin and he was incredible .
Not really my most important thing to know when ordering a cocktail , but I appreciate that she willingly shared the info .
The food was good ...
They tasted like they were a day old - stale , overcooked , and luke warm in temperature at best .
My dad and I just happened upon this place one Saturday night and decided to give it a go .
The food was uniformly good .
Our server was a very pleasant man with a sense of humor we understood .
The food was very good and quite filling .
Not much conversation at the sushi bar but to be fair I was on my phone nearly the entire time .
The ' ritas were good too .
The Brussels sprouts were awesome ..
I ordered the chicken parmesan .
We just ordered it sort of plain with jalapenos , cilantro and tomatoes .
The pizza was cold by the time I arrived home ( picked it up . ) Way too expensive for this awful product .
I do n't think AJs is snobby .
It 's like an after thought .. they just rolled in hit a few licks after laying on the couch all day look .
Of course , by the time I arrived the conversation started with " we have to go early to get donuts " .
I must say that I was pretty worried to go here after some of the reviews I read on Yelp , but I was pleasantly surprised .
They 're good！Take my word for it .
Luckily my burger and fries were hot so i was n't as mad as them .... veggie options are OK .
The other couple we were with also really enjoyed their food .
The service was speedy and attentive .
He apologized and told me he would re make it right now correctly such a respectable man .
( Also because our Alcohol tab was like 45 bucks and I had only had a few drinks . )
Really this whole situation has killed my experience .
We waited almost 2 hours !
The sauce was tasty and well seasoned .
They gladly make it every time and it is great .
Not really WaWa 's fault , I mean we are talking Germantown Ave , in Philadelphia proper , it is a reality .
I guess I just assumed there would be some meat in it , but sadly , there was none to be found .
We enjoyed our visit to this Cheddar 's .
Recommended by our hotel .
I had the cupcake and it was so - so ...
The matzoh balls were cold and bland : tasteless .
Shrimp was perfectly cooked , with a crisp piece of bacon wrapped around it .
Maybe it was because I was starving , but the entree was actually decent tasting .
We ordered the fried calamari as an appetizer , though a bit overcooked it was good .
All of their food was super unique and an experience in itself .
The hubby ordered a burger and he was happy .
My dad got the Pomodoro ... which was fantastic .
I never win anything but it 's a great place to waste the night away ... and your money lol .
Tina I believe was our waitress ..
And also the baked goods , those sounded pretty good , especially the Nutella bruschetta !
The dining area is is very nice and relaxing .
She told me it came 3 to an order .
The pie was just ok .
Eh .... Let 's just say I 'm glad this was not my only Jose Garces stop for the weekend .
How to even begin to describe the let total let down that was lunch today .
We looked over there menu and ordered a few appetizers which where great .
The pesto dish was ridiculous as well .
The taste was really good , we 've also had carryout in the evenings , everything is very good .
We got 4 meals between the 3 of us since it was their first time .
The end crust was pretty thick almost to the point that it was a breadstick .
We ordered a pitcher of margarita .
Spaghetti and meatballs awesome .
I had the duck benedict and my friend had the chicken and waffles .
The slaw was finely chopped and had ground pepper in it , which I love .
I my guilty pleasure is Garlic Fries .
He rolled his eyes and warned us not to do it again .
We thought the prices are in line with the quality of the food !
All of the food we had was way to salty .
I settled on two small plates : the bacon - wrapped apricots ( so good ! ) and escargot ( a little gritty ... ) .
we went to this place at around 3 pm on a Monday .
The food ruined my appetite ! !
Thank you , El Dorado Casino , for the best brunch we 've had in Reno .
Was pleasantly surprised how much I like this place .
The whole thing left me feeling like Goldilocks with nothing being " just right " .
The best for the end ... the ramen is exquisite !
We loved the ambiance so much that we decided to get married at the Tampa location .
All of my coworkers spoke highly of this place and they were n't wrong .
Food was pretty good , and our server was attentive .
Food was just okay - we had migas and huevos rancheros .
I ordered the filet and a Bloody Mary .
My wife had the fish tacos and her exact comment was , " best fish tacos I 've ever had . "
She was puzzled since we ordered fish .
I really enjoy the tacos al pastor ! .
My evening at Moto was one I will never forget .
It is in a great location , quiet , peaceful and cool under the shade of the big old trees .
I just showed them a couple of pictures of what I was looking for and they they came through .
The kids loved it .
The avocado , which I paid extra for , was unripe and completely inedible .
My major down side was the wine .
We enjoyed it so much , we decided to return tonight .
We sat at a regular table .
It coats every rib tip and it wo n't drop off should you feel the need to dip into it ( guilty ) .
Too bad it was served cold w cold coffee .
The food was wonderful !
The waiting staff is very attentive and friendly , too .
It was n't until after we ordered , though , that our waitress told us it would be an hour wait !
The chicken was a pulled chicken .
My husband had the white beans which were not yo momma 's for sure .
This is my favorite burger spot in New Orleans out side of port of call .
They used to cut the pita across the top and put everything in and it would stay together " nicely " .
The staff is incredibly sweet and accommodating .
The atmosphere is gorgeous .
They were fairly cold , the side vegetables were n't cooked well and it was rather ho hum .
After selecting my various items on my own , I was presented with a total of about $ 13.50 .
The pad Thai was really good ! !
The atmosphere and food were both good .
My fav local NOLA grocery .
The oysters were Xtremely fresh , plump and delicious !
We had chef specials numbers 3 and 4 .
The management staff seemed to congregate at the wait station and chat with the servers in an unprofessional manner .
My friends took gumbo and oysters nd were not big fans .
So thankful we decided to try this place out !
The server told me that the cheeseburger was voted best in St louis .
There was no price on the chocolate bar or the display , but the total for these two things came out to around $ 12 .
The onion chutney was amazing !
We live very close but have frequented Shake Shack which is a bit of a walk .
So was the fried egg .
The only downside is the service ( occasionally rude ) and the constant crazies that hang out there talking to themselves .
We sorted out our money for the check .
They said they had my order and knew it was wrong .
What an AMAZING occurrence that we ended up here after another barbecue place ran out of food !
Was n't the biggest fan but everything is def fresh !
We will definitely be back , so glad this location opened up so close saving us the drive down to Carson City !
The mac and cheese was so good !
Born and raised in Metairie , and it 's the perfect place to take out - of - towners and/or to go to for special occasions .
The octopus seemed a tad tough but it was still delicous .
Food was decidedly mediocre .
Our appetizer came AFTER we finished our food .
Our server was attentive , fast , and funny ( albeit non - intentionally ) .
the smore bread pudding i was so excited for , completely not what i was expecting .
The staff members were rude , unresponsive , and incredibly lacking in knowledge as to what was in any of the menu items .
Our friend was charged $ 1200 for one room ( I 'm guessing the suite ) and $ 1400 for the other room .
The place was n't too packed and we were seated right away .
After finishing our meals we proceeded to sit and wait for a couple to - go boxes and our checks for a good 20 minutes .
First off , a bit of a tip that I did n't know until I got there .
We ordered Lobster and rock crab both were amazing .
All sauces were well above average .
This is one of our frequent spots to eat out .
Duck red curry was really good too .
We cracked the crab legs , scooped out the clams and mussels , and peeled the shrimp .
Worst Italian restraint I ever been to .
They were having fun and totally added to the uniqueness of the place .
We went during lunch time so the atmosphere was more casual and rustic .
She was very accommodating and willing to make our experience magical .
As soon as we entered , the cafe staff are just chatting by the service counter .
The staff is extremely friendly and attentive .
So happy we made the stop while in town .
Other than that , it was good , and everyone else seemed content with their meal .
It felt cramped while using the bathroom .
The bread was soooo good .
Not a glance from these little shits or acknowledgment .
jamaican pizza and canadian pizza my favorite .
We had a very difficult time hearing each other , due to the deafening sound levels .
I went in after 14 minutes and pizza was sitting there ready .
I complimented the delivery driver on the promptness and he was adorable .
The salsa verde was also amazing .
The ladies who serviced us were polite and friendly , and they did an excellent job .
The homemade linguine with seafood was unbelievable ...
Food Court chinese ( which I 'm sure you know exactly what I mean by that ) is one of those lunches I just shamelessly crave .
I read that other reviewers loved the shrimp tacos - oh my God , they are amazing !
Why they call themselves soul bus I do n't have a clue .
That was a big mistake since it was not that crowded and we could have sat at a table .
The food and the service are complete letdowns , especially in comparison to how wonderful the other Bully 's are !
After 20 minutes we were finally able to order two simple cheeseburgers .
Oh , and the pre - dinner rolls w / butter were good ( we were starving ) .
It 's in such a cute little neighborhood , and there 's just no way around it .
We were attended right away by the most adorable young lady , named Mallory .
The owner ( ? ) was behind the bar and gave us the low down on the renovations from the previous Cuban place .
The shrimp tacos were amazing .
When we told him he was trying to convince us those were not fish flakes ...
This place was absolutely awesome .
Hmm , did I just list the whole menu ?
But that 's not what your employees think .
We sat at the bar and the service was wonderful .
And good lord , the prime rib sandwich was incredible .
Ordered ahead and it was ready when I arrived 10 minutes later .
Today it was just terrible .
Did I mention the cocktails , well they are fabulous as well .
My mom and I frequently go to On The Border for margaritas because they are delicious !
This was by far one of the best places we stopped during our trip .
The bolognese was bland and the rigatoni did n't taste right at all .
It was a long wait for our nachos , wings and sandwich to arrive - were they worth the wait ?
Eating outside is a huge recommendation on the patio with the well tended garden and the overall cozy feel of the place .
We sat near the bar and the bartender took care of us , nice guy .
One of the drive - thru employees was doing double duty between taking the drive - thru money and taking walk - in orders .
The waitstaff was incredible friendly and they timed each thing perfectly .
I ordered the lettuce wraps , every piece of lettuce was brown and slimy .
We just happened to drive by and saw this place so we decided to stop for lunch .
They were a good combination of sweet and salty .
A friend recommended Lobster Haven and I checked it out online .
* * * update--- just ate there again and they got our complex delivery perfect and the food was excellent !
My friends had omlettes and breakfast burritos , which were okay but nothing special .
Funny thing though - I was totally the only one carded !
The bread was toasted perfectly .
Then we ordered the Paella , cauliflower and canelones .
Grits were so creamy and the shrimp were wrapped in bacon .
I did n't want to gross out my girlfriend so I did n't say anything .
The next time I come into Beefs with my family and that scam is on your TV , I 'm walking out and you 'll loose $ $ $ .
My co worker said they do get very crowded on Sundays and Saturdays .
My cousin and I used to go here all of the time and I would go on lunch breaks .
Ok the place was busy .
Mike our server was outstanding !
They have a garden area in the back that looks really cute too .
I ordered the red coconut stir fry and asked for broccoli , shredded carrots , and mushrooms .
Mgr came by each table to see how we liked the food and if we needed anything .
A friend had ordered it but did n't finish it because she said it was n't good .
We had a nice meal thanks to Yelp and the hostess .
How can you not give people water when its so unbearable hot outside ?
Maybe it just felt out of place in Soulard :) .
I opted for the " healthy bagel " and it was terrible .
We came with a group so we were also able to sample a ton of the food ( we were told food is new within the last few weeks ) .
The cappuccino was delicious and I loved the little cafe environment .
That has never happened to me before and I was embarassed by my poor choice ! ! !
My gf and I just got back from dinner .
The potato cubes were tender and seasoned perfectly !
At dinner , I had the ribeye and frites , while my husband had the schnitzel .
The server was really cool and very honest when we asked what was good and fresh for the day .
( We visited on a Sunday evening in February when the weather was unusually warm .
We were surprised to see how empty the restaurant was on a Sunday evening , but we went at about 5 pm so it was quite early .
I scheduled the party online , which was a cinch .
My favorite part ...
Overall , we had a great time .
If you have ever had their donuts you know how sad this event was ! ! !
The hand pie , which is new to the menu , was my personal favorite .
I ordered the Mango Tango roll , which was good , and he ordered the jalapeño burger .
My husband and I ate here and the food was pretty good !
Felt like we were in a throwback New York joint .
I have eaten all over the world and I am ecstatic that this establishment is so close to my new home .
So we waited a bit and went down to The Praline Connection .
My husband had the hangar steak , which was done to perfection , and very tender ( he gave me a bite ) .
Ca n't wait til next time !
My favorite pizza spot in Indy .
We arrived around 11 for an " early lunch " slash " snack " .
As our dinner progressed it became more crowded until every seat was filled .
We ordered our meals ....
All in all it was a really good time , as long as waits are n't a huge issue for you .
I felt that the hotel was slightly on the worn side as far as tears in upholstery in the lobby , etc but it was very slight .
Pete , anything on the menu was good .
This was our first trip to IRB , but I know when we come back , we 're going to be going to IRB Sushi again !
" I love this place and I love you for taking me here .
My husband and I love this place !
We went on a busy weekend morning and we were able to get a seat right away despite finding the last parking spot .
This was the ONLY good thing about our meal .
My absolute favorite Thai place in Nashville .
Did they switch owners ?
the service was slow and inattentive since all three -- the burgers and the fires came out lukewarm to almost cold .
Came here for a very quick dinner , so we sat at the bar .
best hot dogs in Tucson ! ! !
The eel on the roll was minuscule and the roll was dominated by enormous pieces of cucumber .
I tasted their crab bisque , and had Poulet Grand - Mère as my entrée .
The rest of the table enjoyed their food as well .
We had an issue with our server the last time we were there , she obviously did not want to be there .
We love to join everyone to clap when the sun goes down ... a wonderful way to end the day .
Chicken tamal and she got the soup .
They told us they only take cards in the store .
We arrived around 7 pm .
Since both of us came in wanting eggs benedict , we ordered it .
I was a few minutes late for my reservation and when I called to inform the hostess , she was so nice about it .
The rest of the meal we were generally ignored and the service was n't great .
They were hearty and unusual so they were a good pick .
I then went to this place across the street , and thank you fellow Yelpers for not failing me !
We had a reservation for the night but were seated at the table right by the front door .
I could n't believe how affordable the drinks were priced , and they were a good pour as well .
We went here for Mother 's Day bc the thought of waiting 2 hours at any other chain restaurant sounded horrid to me !
The most horrible part was the $ 7 hamachi carpaccio wannabe they had and it was not either hamachi or it was very old hamachi .
We both agreed that these were the best burgers either of us had had in ages .
Personally I like to make stromboli 's myself at home , and when I do I go to Alfredo 's for the dough .
My waitress , Azul , was incredibly knowlegeable of the menu items and was extremely pleasant and attentive .
The friend chicken was very moist and flavorful .
It was a small piece of fish drowned in an overly sweet sauce .
100 % recommended !
We got there very early and it was still busy but when we left , the live went around the block .
Being an out towner , we were recommended the tavern by our hotel staff at Hutton hotel .
Eggplant was n't cooked right so it was chewy disgusting .
The hollandaise sauce was great !
Melon gazpacho and scallops impressed me greatly .
The property itself was great .
I just went to Limoncello for the first time this weekend and am at a loss as to why it 's so popular .
To drink was a mango and a peach margarita .
Also , both the host and server were very nice .
It was good , but a bit on the salty side and I am a HUGE fan of this particular spice , so I was a bit overwhelmed .
I love tazikis .
Every single item in the description was evident in every bite and in proper proportion .
Since it was early in the day , we really were n't worried about a reservation although I did call as a just in case measure .
From the plates being empty , , I 'm going to assume they really enjoyed the food ! ! !
The fact that its a BYOB is great .
The toast was well seasoned as well .
They were a little bitter in my opinion .
It was a little out off the interstate , but well worth the extra 2 - 3 min to get there ! !
We were a party of 6 , so they sent over two servers to take our order .
The chefs are total artists and it 's beautiful to watch .
Unfortunately , they forgot our order , we waited 15 minutes and they were not even sorry about it .
We also ordered the tuna tartar and gyoza .
I was n't a big fan of the Ricotta cheese b / c it had a smokey / bacon type taste to it .
I asked to see the owner and explained it all to him , and he apologized and brought out another plate , 20 minutes later .
It was fairly packed , but the food came out really quickly .
The mascarone cream was nicely light and the apple caramel brought some sweetness to each bite .
It was a fun celebration , and we were really there for the friends and family , not the food .
i got the chicken parm ( which i knew i should n't of gotten bc it was pricey ) and the sauce used was too peppery and bitter .
The only reason I did n't mark this as four stars ?
These donuts were delicious and it was a fun atmosphere .
The garlic potato dip was exceptional .
When we tasted and drank the coffee we knew why .
Apparently I 'm a glutton for punishment because I 've had multiple bad experiences here .
My wife and I were there for dinner last week and we loved the dining area .
One of Sam 's owners opend Devil 's Alley in the city so if you 've been there expect even better and cheaper here .
The manager came BEFORE our food came otherwise I would have spoken up .
We ordered the rosemary hand cut steak sandwich .
We 've been to Ellendales and the old Phat Bites location numerous times , but this was our first trip to the new location .
Our server was nice but strangely over - eager .
Gave it another try since the open , unfortunately we wo n't be back .
When she finally came over we were rushed through our order and were n't told any specials they might have had .
I first experienced this amazing appetizer at St.
My husband and I love this place .
Coordination with their booking agent was very smooth and professional .
we also asked if they mind if we bring in alcohol ( byob ) they said its fine even if they have a bar .
The employees were very friendly .
The rolls were soooo good !
The wings were n't what I expected , they were breaded wings .
When I walked in , its more bar than restaurant , no big deal , but there were tables .
Everything is on the expensive side but it is nt unreasonable , especially considering the location .
Even though we had stayed at the hotel before , this was our first time at Spinners .
I also had some kind of dumplings and an entree , I unfortunately ca n't remember the names , but both were enjoyable as well .
Since it 's only a few blocks from home , I 'll hopefully remedy that soon .
I 'm a Barbecue judge and this ai n't barbecue .
Also , to make the experience even more worth the visit was the look of the place itself .
Shrimp cocktail was amazing , same as Elmo 's .
Total times : 45 minute wait , 15 minutes from order to service , 17 minutes until we were clear of the table !
I highly recommend this place and I give a big kudos to the entire staff for making our evening an extremely pleasant one .
Downsides : the interior is very sterile and uninviting .
It was served skin side up ( a bit unusual ? ) and said it came with potatoes and a pea puree .
Everything that came out of the kitchen looked awesome .
The potatos were good , I suppose .
The Greek salad was amazing .
The staff was nice and apologetic about the missing tea .
The chicken was very thin , tough , and dry .
The sushi chefs ( and owner ) are pretty chatty and always say hi to everyone that comes in .
One of my favorite spots in town .
The broth is delicious and there s an almost absurd amount of tofu and seaweed .
Not really , but it is a sign that the waitstaff is incredibly attentive and extremely well trained .
Lunch is the best deal in town and it is our favorite resturant in New Orleans .
My husband and I just got married at the Riviera Mansion on July 12 , 2018 !
In as humorous a way as I could manage , I said " burn it !
It took a lot of willpower not to just stay and eat roll after roll , especially since by that point they were effectively free .
The waiter/ waitress were kind as well as efficient .
Parking was really difficult for me as I ended up driving around for a Realllllllly long time as it 's all street parking .
I would absolutely not recommend dining here .
When we finally found one , we told them we were going to eat in the back .
Did the tasting menu and everything was so tasteful .
Even the other bar guy was saying she should chill .
I was sad they did n't strain it a tad better .
We came here because it was one of the only places in the area that was open 24/7 and we needed food .
And without soccer they 're grim ,
The hot tub area is just past the workout area , but it 's roomy and quiet !
Everyone enjoyed the food greatly .
The place is so cute and we loved the logo .
I tried the tacos al pastor ( one of my favorites ) , and it was amazing !
When I went there were only two guys working but they were n't busy so it did n't take too long .
Ca n't beat this place :)
All three of us had the halibut on the lunch menu .. All agreed an excellent meal , excellent service ! !
We were seated and given menus promptly .
I discovered this bakery through yelp , and everyone was on point .... the sweet bread from this panaderia is divine ! ! !
Jeffy was enthusiastic about the food and made helpful suggestions .
Thankfully , B was on board so we headed to Bailey 's .
It 's kinda like any place who has a weird name like that is a red flag but the reviews were so good I figured what the heck .
( Just look through the pics to see what it looks like . )
Our waiter suggested the shrimp and grits .
My wife & I ate here twice on our trip to Tucson .
The guy who sat there and stared at me as we waited never made one attempt to make my drink after I tipped 20 % on the order .
Up until the night of , I had great communication with Athena - She was super helpful , accommodating & quick to reply .
It was not a comfortable place to eat .
I am extremely impressed with the service here .
What 's funny is that I ran into her on the street a little later and walked up to her and said , " Amber !
While the service was incredibly slow , we found ourselves mostly distracted by music and just basking in the ambience .
The cheese steak was great , well cooked and cheesy .
Hands down , my favorite sushi restaurant .
Only problem is that its really hard to hear the questions in the back .
The staff and management have been incredibly courteous and solicitous both times I 've attended .
This location is the exact reason of why I fell in love with them in the first place .
Our waiter said that it was red grouper that had been swimming in the gulf only days ago .
She was very friendly and explanatory about the menu .
We arrived just in time before the place became packed .
Something terrible has happened along the way .
I stopped here because it looked nice and my friends and I were starving .
The noise level was atrocious .
She saw the bill and our credit card sitting on the table but never told us we had to go upfront to pay .
It was n't our original plan to stop there but the business across the street was out of oysters .
The chiles were decent , as was the cheese and bacon .
The shake was very well executed .
For dessert , I had a slice of salted pecan pie and he had the ice cream sundae .
We walk in to the restaurant , and we see two families sitting down eating .
We ordered the bruschetta for an app , it was very good .
The food here was fantastic .
The place was packed !
Celebrated Cinco de Mayo here with a friend recently and it was a good time !
Also there were def more mango slices than chicken .
Our server , Ernie , never came back to our table after we got our food until she brought the check .
It 's a pretty small , cozy spot , nestled on ever - bustling South St.
This is the worst place to eat !
Our waiter was very friendly , funny and knowledgable .
The steak panini was delish .
Holly cow this place kicked butt and we did n't even have to wait in line ! !
If you live close , take your bike so you can stay for a few - you wo n't regret it !
No one can touch them .... kings .
What a weird experience .
The ladies were extremely friendly .
I substituted lettuce for the alfalfa sprouts and it was delicious !
To their credit though , we were seated at a 12 - top plus nearby 4 - top within about 10 minutes .
Dining at the new Cafe on the Square was a pleasant experience .
We were the only people there for the hour we visited .
Parking can be hard around midtown so I would valet , its free , just tip the poor guy !
The place was absolutely lively with so much happiness around ! ) .
Toto treats us like VIPs and takes incredible care to make sure we get what we want .
Did n't get to eat them today but pumpkin pancakes sound delicious .
The place is very small and intimate .
WHICH WE KNEW WAS A LIE .
Sampled the fries , onion rings , tots - all were tasty .
I was blown away how organized opening day was .
Whatever the breakdown was , at least one of these items was vastly overpriced .
I was apprehensive about trying this place given that it 's owned by the same guy as The Saint James was .
This place is disgusting .
This was a surprisingly good experience .
My only critique would be the appetizer we had , the Golden Triangles , was lacking .
The atmosphere was good but where we sat we could see car 's headlights reflected off of the glass as they pulled in .
It was hot in here but it seems everywhere this summer is all kinds of hot so I really ca n't complain .
The food was great from the Kobe sliders to the crab - cake .
They accepted my order and said it was ready before I walked in .
We quickly sat at the bar , as we had already eaten lunch , and requested an order of BBQ shrimp to share .
We sat at the outside bar area , the service was excellent and the food came out super fast .
Our waitress was kind but did not really seem to know what she was talking about when it came to knowing about the food itself .
We did n't use fish sauce or hot sauce or vinegar but it 's nice to know they 're available .
Okay , so the last few times I was at Federal Donuts everyone behind the register was an absolute hero .
The crab rangoon were very sweet and sort of crab less .
We watched the cook microwave all the food .
My boyfriend & I went on the Sunday Jazz Brunch Cruise today .
We ordered take out and ate by the ocean on the pier !
She stood at the bar ... saw every move we made and did nothing .
The chicken here was so freaking hot and fresh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
We asked if the restaurant served wine , and they told us it was BYOB .
I think that 's bad business .
All of the food taste so fresh and organic .
I have been to all but one Scotty 's ( Bloomington ) , and this one is the cleanest and the friendliest .
Everything was fresh and great quality , but overall kind of bland .
Most things were really good- we were starving though and waited over an hour to get seated .
The seafood was ok .
The owner is always friendly and very accommodating .
This is an absolute MUST visit .
A perfect end to any Nashville night .
They were steaming hot and totally hit the spot for us .
This is just a great place -- I highly recommend it .
The steak , chicken , and shrimp were ok .
We went for Valentine 's day and I was surprised to get a last minute reservation .
I took a few bites because I was hungry and threw the rest out , glad I only got the 6 inch .
That s the only high point .
Easy to find parking and just a minute or so north of the walnut / chestnut street mess .
The wicked fried rice was pretty good .
Holy moly .
Very laid back atmosphere .
I do n't mean to be overly critical -- I did give it 3 stars --- because nothing was " bad " , just not particularly notable .
Make a reservation to be safe , as it is a local and tourists favorite -- Well worth it too ! !
From the ambiance to the staff to the FOOD , the experience was definitely worthwhile .
She even gave me a tour of the shop and a hug before I left .
When we asked the server , she said sorry but did not take it off the bill .
Had dinner at Bailey 's Range last night ( 10/27/11 ) .
Bad experience ! !
We sat down and were ignored for about 30 minutes .
She even made up a little fruit bowl for us to take back to one of the slackers in our party .
I 'm a mushroom luvuh , so I took their advice and went with that .
It was a hugely disappointing dinner experience , however , the company was good and we made the best of it .
It might as well been the dead zone .
The location was super convenient too , the whole street was lively and inviting !
Good thing new Orleans does n't seem to wake up until after 10 on weekends .
While waiting for our pizza I had to move us to the bar are a.
$ 6 per plate and sooo delicious ! ! ! ! ! !
I reached in and found a hair .
This is my go to place whem I 'm hunger and do n't know where to eat .
Amazing chicken - I ordered take - out , and it was packaged well , and my whole family enjoyed it ! !
We go out a lot and we wo n't be going to Kelly 's again .
The place is clean and most of the food is very good .
The Grand Ole Opry is a short walk from the hotel on a guided path .
It 's held a bit away from the normal festivities downtown , but that makes it feel that much more local an less touristy .
After a night , well morning out we came in for a late brunch to Surrey 's .
Cafe Beignet is so much better than Cafe Du Monde ( more touristy ) .
My burger was delicious ( bourbon burger ) .
It was my first time eating shortbreads , and I was pleasantly surprised .
When I asked about mine the counter person told me it just came out of the oven .
The restaurant had a bad odor when we entered sort of like the carpeting had not been deep cleaned in a long time .
The concierge , front desk , and bell men were all so helpful and friendly .
Pretty average Italian restaurant .
Finally I told the waiter to refund my money .
I do n't the know owners name but he is the nicest guy .
Added : I just read their reviews .
I ca n't wait to go back- this food was killing any breakfast
The rolls were beautifully prepared and the fish super fresh .
Both of us had a sea bass entree and it was definitely the best fish I 've ever had .
They offer an extensive menu- everything from vegan to ... oh wait !
The chicken sliders are phenomenal -- meaty , savory , salty & sweet .
This is a really nice quaint place to study as well .
Once we sat down I realized this is not a place for families because it was filled with men .
I really enjoyed each dish-- the salmon was delicious with a really lovely vinaigrette , and the shrimp were fried perfectly .
The cornmeal crust was perfectly crunchy and flavorful .
I enjoyed each course , but the highlight of the night was definitely my fiance 's dessert !
This is probably the closest thing to Vegas in Tucson .
PS : The owners apparently do a bigger one at the Tanque Verde Swapmeet on the weekends .
If you decide to dine here make sure you bring your appetite because the portions are huge ! ! !
Okay I 'm thinking these may be what I 'm familiar with from my Ann Arbor Michigan experience .. YUCK !
The mac and cheese was very creamy , cheesy , seasoned properly and close to perfect .
It 's a whole lot of nothing : It 's not cut into square pieces .
Its is totally worth the wait to get seated !
Everyone was very happy with the food , which came out really quickly after ordering .
It also came mixed w/ Brussels Sprouts , and a perfectly cooked egg .
When we asked for the bill I saw that both our drinks were on there .
We never waited for food or service or anything .
When it came time for our reservation , our bottle of wine was already waiting at our table , on a small silver tray .
My favorite part of the meal , by far .
My boyfriend just informed me that he 's been stuck in the bathroom for the past 30 minutes .
One of the pizza makers asked me if everything was okay now that the pizzas were on the buffet .
With that , the server behind us at another table was rattling off the specials in which the bartender said there were n't any .
Even late at night , the place was packed .
In spite of the crowds we got our food very quickly .
I told him the issue and he was more than happy to make me a new plate .
Those two complaints may just be coincidental ...
First , they charged myself and the rest of my group a $ 5 cover , but then proceeded to seat us outside .
The chile was excellent and the eggs were light and fluffy .
Still no one attended us , no one even came by to ask for water / drinks .
But for 6 bucks and being the only place open to serve me at that hour it was pretty damn good .
Customer service : The man I spoke to on the phone was polite and helpful and the delivery was fast .
Love going there it has become our go to spot .
Today while at lunch with a group of colleagues the most disturbing thing happened .
Wow , we were delighted that something as simple as a ' french fry " could be elevated to such an artful presentation !
We also shared the pork tacos and a Cuban sandwich .
Upon entering , the staff was very sweet and friendly .
It was a buffet so , she did n't do much .
Their beer list was ok .
I could hear her running around the restaurant and talking really loudly with the staff , seemingly in a really bad mood .
We were recommended to eat at Jones and I was sold when I was told Chicken and Waffles were on the menu .
They assured us not to cry over spilled milk .
they seemed dry and the presentation was bad ..
She ca n't put the phone down to greet or say thank you ?
We all enjoyed our meals and did n't feel rushed to leave our table .
My only small complaint with the food was the royal grille sandwich .
A short jaunt from the transit center , this place is a really convenient stop on the way home from work / school .
And sometimes you get to sit on the sofa and it makes you feel like you 're at Central Perk .
Our waiter was attentive and our food did n't take long at all .
The steak my friend ordered was very salty .
Overall , the food is really nothing special .
We made a pit stop to see a friend in Philly on a road trip from Boston to Baltimore .
The biggest problem with the setting , though , was the music .
A couple of days later we went back to try the sliders .
The seventh got her burger 15 minutes later because the kitchen burned it .
We went on a Saturday crab night and it was beyond what i had expected .
All the alcohol was quite good .
She wanted to take me somewhere with a nice view of the city , so she picked this place .
The fries and the onion rings were terrific .
I think the thing that got me the most were the pancakes .
The only good part ....
My mom had the mussels , which was stuffed to the brim , good quantity , although the flavor was fairly bland .
The only thing that was even slightly ok about this experience was the waitstaff .
We were accommodated quickly ( which is n't easy for a party of 5 ) and seated .
The restaurant was very clean , and the staff were attentive and enjoyable .
We only popped in for gelato , but I would love to come back for the pizza !
Went in to Johnny Rockets at the Grand Sierra Resort for dinner and sat at the counter .
I can only speak to the fried chicken and the sides that I sampled - they were still just OK .
The tempura sauce was a little thick and candy like .
When the soft shell arrived I was taken back how large it was and tasted divine .
Sonja ( the owner ) was able to arrange a meeting with us and do a great job with just 10 days notice !
From the moment you phone and leave a voicemail to the moment you leave after its all done , service was exceptional throughout .
My wife and I ate here when we first moved to Tampa in Dec 2016 .
It 's a sort of mixed up pizza .
We just stumbled upon the place , but I wish I had known about it prior to going there .
The breakfast was wonderful .
There was a roach that crawled behind my shoulder on the seat .
We stopped in for brunch and we were n't expecting the food to be so delicious .
( Not that It 's happened from this food .. and if it did I would be fine with it . )
I forgot our chef 's name but he was awesome as well .
What we received was what happens when an American takes something magical and tries to one - up it to a complete failure .
Ate at the rooftop Lookout .
There were n't many people when we arrived , maybe 8 and 4 at the bar and we did not drink any wine .
Looking over the menu I was surprised at how limited it was .
I tried the surf n turf burrito and my friend got the grilled steak quesadilla-- they were both delicious ! ! !
Carpet , bathroom , etc all very clean .
We did n't have a bad bite of food - everything was very fresh , well flavored , and thoroughly enjoyed .
It 's difficult to pull out of your parking spot as there s always another car right behind you waiting to pull in .
Number 1 , they do n't want to do it , but also , they do n't know the menu or anything about the kitchen when you ask a question .
I repeated the order 3 times ; one cheese pizza and one pizza half pepperoni and half sausage .
How much money did you make off that table , Le Rendez - vous ? ?
I got the KUCHI roll and it was delicious and really fresh .
Like the appetizer , there was n't really any real crab meat , just small sliver here and there .
I said GYRO cheese fries !
Everything essentially is for sale as a single and there are no price tags , which can get quite annoying .
There was far too much ice ...
We were a little put off by the location and the building , as it is obviously an old Bob Evans .
The oysters were really good and so was the red fish .
LISTEN NOW YOU MADE AN ISSUE OF A NON ISSUE , it was the way they were in Columbus ohio ! ! ! ! !
My husband and I took my mother here for her 100th birthday !
( actually , do n't believe any food vendors had vegan options ) .
My husband and I were moving equipment and parked near the barbecue spot .
Even the oyster and grilled artichoke appetizers that we ordered were both devoured .
The hot chicken was really good !
Too bad it 's only down hill from here .
The hummus was really yummy and the salad was very fresh and was a large serving .
We each got the sweet potato wedges as our side and I was overall very pleased !
Something about ' surprise disappointments that could be totally avoided ' really bother me .
And it 's dirt cheap .
We 're kind of food snobs , and we find it to be a great experience all around .
Its especially frustrating because this is a BYOB restaurant , you 'd think this would nt have been an issue .
I felt like Padma that night ( hey , I 've SEEN the show , I just do n't watch it regularly .
This place comes highly recommended .
- and feeling part of history visiting such a special place .
When he questioned it at check out the lady at the front desk was very rude and dismissive .
It is a comfortable , casual place .
I swear they must have been rationing the chicken .
The mac and cheese to my surprise was n't good either .
She seemed to be very concerned about our experience and really seemed to enjoy her job .
The difference is they never even sent a reply email back to acknowledge my experience .
It was a lot of potato and very little beef .
This was , without a doubt , the absolute the worst service ever .
The salsa was very good .
We 'd go every week after church and my sister and I would fight over the sprinkle donuts or the blueberry iced donuts .
Staff was attentive and the food came out quickly .
It 's a good choice for a " nice " lunch downtown .
We decided to take an alternate route back from Cochon Butcher to our hotel and stumbled across this small confectioner .
Parking may be a little tight during busy times , but when we went , parking was right out front and plentiful across the street .
Everyone at the bar told the manager she needs to have more help because it 's not fair to the staff or the clients .
My friend , Alex , went back the next morning to try and find it .
Personal favorite is the Santa Fe chicken .
Went with a group of 7 .
All of our needs we 're properly addressed .
The front desk were extremely helpful and friendly .
Then we both had the lobster roll sandwich .
Today I online ordered from Cosi .
It took ( about ) 30 minutes for our food to be ready .
This used to be our favorite place , not now o
It was n't until a man with a managerial vibe stood behind her that she hung up the phone and showed us to our seats .
The crew here was very friendly .
Our waiter Joel was glad to help when we had questions , he was great .
The fish tacos were so flavorful and fresh !
We checked in on a Sunday afternoon , and it was really quick .
We had to ask the hostess for a table and we 're made to wait for no good reason .
i was totally disappointed with this trip in new orleans .
The hostess was very nice and offered us seating at the bar .
When 1 salad arrived , I was given my friend 's salad and wolfed it down before I realized it was n't the one I ordered .
This is one of my favorite places in town for a light lunch .
The food was on point and portions were very filling and satisfying .
I could only eat half since it was so thick .
The food was quite good .
Ben at the counter was so helpful guiding us through the menu our first time there .
He stormed out and said , " Fine buddy , but you 've just lost a customer " .
It was more of a bacon cube .
The people were super nice and the food was delish ! !
Ps- I got the original with chocolate chips- that 's the only way to get them right ? !
Table service was very prompt and professional .
Aroy Thai was my go - to Thai place even though I knew it had poor ratings each year on cleanliness .
Sadly , each and every dessert was very dry .
My niece said I do n't know what 's going on in my mouth but it is awesome !
I love the meat the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I was disappointed that our server did not mention the discounted appetizer after I asked about their specials .
Very disappointed with the lack of understanding .
They seated my on the restaurant side which was much quieter although still loud .
So we felt free to choose something quite different and Zagol fit the bill .
Many of us had babysitters that we told we would be home around 9 pm .
The Chicago style pizza was delicious .
It was just too hot in there to enjoy any food .
Probably my favorite restaurant in the area .
We went here for dinner last night .
Her time said we arrived there six minutes after the text .
Also the inside was pretty bad and the person that checked me out at the register had to be no more than 10 years old .
the fries were cold .
I was scoping a huge burger about 4 seats down from me at the bar and it will be mine , oh yes it will be mine .
Great service by Elena !
We had a crabcake sandwich and blackened Grouper and enjoyed every bite .
I could n't have the biscuit so I traded for muesli and man that stuff was delicious .
It arrived in perfect condition and right on time .
We figured it was worth a quick drop in , since MetroCenter is devoid of food options .
I call back and tell them that ( and I was in the lobby most of the time since I did n't want my kids awakened ) .
My favorite restaurant hands down .
but it took way too long for him to get my food or to check on me for the rest of the night .
We had the waffles the huevos rancheros the spinach parmesan cheese omelette the cheesy grits and the French toast .
Left of Centre was their name .
Moderate wait at the bar - but we did get there pretty late .
Very disappointed in the quality all around .
Our waiter knew his stuff .
Claire , our server was awesome and knew exactly what she was talking about .
The food was fresh and good .
The reviews were good so we made our way here .
While we waited for our food , we feasted on the chips and salsa .
Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable .
You 're allowed to sit where you please , so we chose a nice booth .
I went because it was the only place open late at night .
The Arctic char was lovely both visually and to the taste .
The place is very beautiful and extremely clean .
They made the missing entrees fresh and everything was downright delicious !
We stayed for two drinks and left fairly drunk .
My husband ordered Chicken Parm , and I had the Baked Ziti .
After I asked for another round , she actually told us she was " heading out " and made us close our tab .
Then we waited 15 min for our sever , another 15 for her to bring us water .
Prices were very good .
The waiter was way to busy and basically blew us off , one of the waitress ' also passed by , but we could n't get her to stop .
Great service and awesome food ! ! ! !
After a weekend of eating , Surrey 's was the perfect way to end our NOLA trip .
She always made certain our coffee cup was filled and engaged in conversation and was quite funny .
It 's a big place , so bring your friends :)
This was my first visit to this location , although we 've eaten at several others .
I ordered the grilled chicken wrap .
The blueberry was prominent as was the mascarpone was creamy yummy , and i felt that it was the best executed .
Our waitress Kam was amazing and our food was delicious .
We enjoyed Moscow Mules there all night by the fire and did n't want to leave .
The burger was excellent .
I have to say , my daughter and I agreed , it was the BEST Chinese we have ever had .
This restaurant was only a few blocks from the stadium and was buzzing with patrons .
All of the staff : waitresses , chefs , Marcos ( the man ) are SO nice and attentive .
I enjoyed that it 's a BYOB , our waitress was extremely pleasant and the food was decent !
I must say , it was well worth our stop .
I ordered online , literally 15 minutes later the driver was here .
We really wanted the ahi tuna sandwich but they did n't have any tuna ( weird ) , so we got California burgers and they were great .
Every single one of the staff are refreshingly friendly and extremely well trained .
I had a lengua burrito & husband had tacos .
The food was top notch .
Yep , that 's right - St.
Our order was ready in 15 min .
I had the banana foster french toast .
The waitress ignored us while she cleaned liquor bottles for 10 minutes and we had to ask for assistance .
The crudo pizza was our favorite out of the two .
Oh and I forgot to mention that the Marriott staff gave me a coupon so I got 10 % off .
We requested the hush puppies -- they never brought us any , even though it was part of our order .
The girl did not give me a refund rather she gave me a plate of oily vegetables .
The food was delicious and plentiful .
I thought it would be the perfect place for us to get our fix !
Sheesh stay far far far away .
They are like family ... the good kind .
What an amazing experience .
I had the carnitas burrito , and my dining companion had the Chile Verde burrito .
Parking lot only had two or three cars and a couple were leaving as we pulled in .
Whoa ... this food was so damn good that I forgot to take a picture .
We spoke with the delightful waitress who was telling us about the places she lived in various parts of the country !
- Clean the bathroom ! !
In fact , during the week leading up to our lunch / fabric shopping date , it 's all she can talk or think about .
Thanks Neil for the wonderful service !
The bread pudding was pretty good .
The restaurant itself is very clean , it 's just a little small , but it 's nice and intimate and the atmosphere is fun ! !
Our server Amanda was kind enough to run the items my son left behind out to the parking lot .
The atmosphere was n't my thing , but it was ( loudly ) buzzing with conversation the whole time , so at least there 's a crowd .
Unfortunately , the veal parm I ordered was n't .
The location is weird , seeing as it 's just a closet - sized space attached to a liquor store with a smoker in the parking lot .
The hibachi was meeehhhhh .... I do n't like that they have fresh eggs on the counter and they are very warm .
We ordered the egg rolls , spring rolls , and crab puffs as appertizers .
The sauce was ok .
I wo n't go to any other place after 10 pm .
Busy place , but we were offered extra- special coffee while we waited .
The hand cut fries on the side were cooked to perfection .
There are literally a dozen restaurants where you can eat in the immediate vicinity of the vessel , so WAIT and eat there .
There 's nothing bad about this place EXCEPT the terrible sound .
The sad part is I only came in here for dessert and drinks !
They also gave me two free cookies with my order and I have to say they were SO good .
The owner took the time to talk to us about the history of the restaurant .
The plating was generic as well .
We were seated pretty quick for a Saturday night which was great .
The Christmas decorations were beautiful .
Nino was behind the counter , as adorable as ever , and after looking at the lunch specials I just had to have it , so I did .
No one was on the patio so they accommodated our request to move outside .
I know , I 'm probably offending people all over Indiana , but I just ca n't !
It took twenty minutes to get the check .
They did nothing for the inconvenience and still made me pay full .
Mind you the whole time we we d there maybe 5 tables got seated .
We had a hangar steak that was very nice as well as an extremely enjoyable paella .
Honestly , a gem of IV :) they deliver through SBmenus as well so that 's a plus
The dessert was decent .
Very rude and horrible service .
Prices were adequate for what we received especially since we were eating off of Washington St.
The place is kind of hard to find which is a down fall .
It had a bar area , two couches ( one of those being a pull out ) , and a bathroom with double sinks , glass shower , and a bathtub .
She immediately stopped , ran up with a smile , and took my order .
While seated we could see the frustration of other tables as their orders were coming out wrong .
The many many lockers I could see from where I stood are not for customers to rent but all for staff ? !
+ He 's got piles of garlic and flowers on his cart which is cool .
The 5 of us went down the street to Soho Pizza and scarfed scrumptious slices for 2.50 a piece .
My order was 75 % wrong and when I got home to divvy out the food I had ordered , items were missing including a burger
Vitascope Hall is located inside the Hyatt Regency on the 3rd floor .
The bun was airy and light , the meaty part was cooked fine and the sweet potato fries were average .
I walked into the establishment and was frankly unimpressed by the ambiance .
Paid $ 9 for one Appletini and $ 9 for a Berries & Cream ( alcoholic drinks ) .
We have even found out where Ralph 's orders the cakes from !
Granted , it 's a pretty nice neighborhood .
Like some other reviewers have mentioned , Pi is no Lou Malnati 's or Giordano 's .
We went at dinner time on a Saturday and had no problem finding a seat .
Sah - Law Ka - Koe ( with pork ) - waiter 's choice when we asked him for an entree that was " not sweet " and very traditional .
Service was wonderful and attentive .
Last night I should have known things had gone downhill when I arrived on a Saturday night and only two tables were full .
We just ca n't understand why people love this place .
When she brought the check and asked what our food was I showed her the hamburger and said it 's not how I ordered it .
They always reply , " I hate that place .
Did not catch our servers name but he was amazing and made the experience that much better .
I suppose I should n't have been surprised that my food never appeared .
The food was okay .
Huge fan , especially since it is right by our apartment .
The crust was like a piece of soft bread .
All the selections I 've had are very flavorful and have been thoughtfully created to compliment one another .
Do not try to pick at it , it wo n't taste like anything but a mouthful of grease .
I still have little knowledge about who wrote what ; the name of the piece / song / tune .
I have to admit , I did not think I 'd eat the whole portion , but I did .
They noted the account to say it was my birthday and had a gift delivered to our room on the house !
This was my second visit here , and it was much worse than the first .
Their white sangria was amazing
The ambiance is beautiful , and the bites are delicious !
The only big complaint I have was the Bloody Mary .
I really liked them in the previous location .
Let 's see .. where to start ... To begin with there was a line outside .
25min wait was rough , but I Left satisfied
We stood in line behind about 10 people for close to 5 minutes .
Very quick service ! ! !
OH and it is very affordable , I was shocked when I got the bill and each beer was only $ 4 ! !
He did apologize for the wait , which I do appreciate , boxed up the cake , and then we were on our way .
After seeing the woman 's table " cleaning " method it all made sense .
Next thing to know is that they do n't disguise their meat by chopping it up into fine little bits .
( God , I still hate the word foodie .
I dined here for an impromptu dinner with some friends one night and loved everything we ordered .
Was a great idea .
When I finally did get the pizza it was barely warm and greasy .
We came to this place yesterday as a group of 10 .
We always stop at LaMadeleine 's for breakfast when we visit family in Kenner .
This is My favorite place and the food here is very delicious .
The tapioca balls were cooked just right , and we all agreed that the taro one was the best from the rest .
I definitely did n't get all flats 5 out of the 10 wings I ordered were not flats .
this place is in rittenhouse so obviously it 's expensive , it has to be .
On to the main course had the masaman curry .
As soon as I sat down the woman next to me warned me against ordering anything with grilled chicken in it .
2 small cauliflower pizzas , so we each got one .
One of the worst places in Tucson !
My girlfriend and I had our first meal there at 5 pm yesterday , and loved it .
Sides were veggies and sweet potatoes .
We explained that no one ever mentioned a delay or asked if we wanted to change our order which we could have done hours ago .
We discovered this family owned place during our last trip to the NO back in 2005 .
The service was so appalling that the fact that the food was actually ok is this place 's only saving grace .
My boyfriend and I had brunch here on Sunday , and we loved it !
It 's a wonderful addition to the uptown nice - dinner - out scene -- in - line with Clancy 's , Patois , etc .
The Braised short ribs were very soft and the skate was moist and fried well .
The drinks were brought out in plastic cups .
2nd worst restaurant I 've been to in my life .
I mentioned a few restaurants that I went to and Lüke was one that I brought up .
Or the plainer donuts , like lavender vanilla .
The second time we went there was a different bartender .
It was hot , raw broccoli .
I almost did n't order them when I saw the price , but everything else on the menu was that price or higher .
I got the breakfast sandwich and it was delicious .
All in all , an okay experience .
I ordered an Italian sausage sandwich .
But I ca n't help feel sour about our treatment there .
The food did not taste fresh .
This shop is the best place in the world .
The waiter apologized and told us they were aware and going to fix the issue .
The queso was watery .
We were leery , because the last time we 'd tried this Skippers , it was pretty awful .
She was pretty short with the guy who ordered after us too .
My wife and I decided to have lunch the other day at Granite City .
The gumbo is GROSS ... it smelled and tasted fishy which I was n't expecting since it was called a Chicken Gumbo .
One guy in particular looked miserable and talked so quietly he was hard to understand .
What a sad statement .
The owners are very friendly and made us feel welcome .
Just overall a great experience .
Our group visiting from Atlanta hit Hendricks Tuesday evening while in St Louis .
We sat down at 11:00am , the food came out pretty quickly , but by 12:00pm we were getting kicked out of our seats by the owner .
The staff were friendly , accommodating & seemed genuinely interested in " serving " you well .
i love Stella and Trenos pizza so i wast expecting the same type .
I almost deducted a star .
Because the place was freezing inside , I ordered the beer cheese soup , which warmed me up !
Thinking about it makes me want another one right now , and it 's 9:00a.m .
We were seated right away and the menu had a ton of options to choose from .
I had the bacon and cheddar burger and it was cooked to perfection and the cole slaw was fantastic !
Being only 1 of 2 tables in the restaurant when we arrived , the service seemed to be very good .
The girl that took my money did n't even give me back my change .
We ate here one night with a friend who had suffered a stroke .
It 's always full and people love the view as we did but this time we were sorely disappointed
he asked for IDs and credit cards to verify age / name , we were very well taken care of by the staff .
I never know what day it 's going to be , so I am wary .
( Get your wallet ready too cuz it 's not cheap ) .
The shrimp was also very good and so were the oysters .
I 'm so happy this place exists .
We had all his recommendations .
I chose the white wine sauce , and it was delicious .
I 've eaten take out from Enzo 's before and dined there for the first time in Nov.
The place was somewhat crowded .
El Tequila is one the best Mexican restaurants , it 's a quaint place , very clean , and the food is absolutely delicious .
We all crabbed and ate crabs since we were little children .
Sat outside and people watched .
I actually like this place .
I was anxious to see this steak , so I followed her back upstairs .
The wine was good , though .....
I plan on going back to sit ouside again and obviously copy off my sister 's order .
Awful pizza .
I was pleasantly surprised by this place .
It was a Thursday night so they had a live band playing which was nice .
We both agreed that this is the spot we could sit and veg and chat for hours .
Minuses : The sauce is a bit bland .
OMG the Mediterranean chicken quesadillas what awesome sauce .
The two ladies were gracious and apologetic , and they even threw in a courtesy snack for my trouble .
Holy crap you have to ask the manager ? ?
The staff was extremely friendly !
We had a calzone and the margherita pizza .
I had the chicken shawarma and it immediately reminded me of many intoxicated nights I spent in Amsterdam and London .
One of my favorite places in town .
When I tasted the stuffing it was barely warm and the lobster meat was a bit dry and not as hot as it should have been .
Then finally the bruschetta arrived , very late we almost cancelled it .
We decided to come here because our local watering hole was closed today for repairs .
The bartender was very nice and friendly .
The Veggie wings were great as were the cactus and sweet potato burritos .
An extra apology for the wait which was very appreciated - and more than made up for the delay .
I am so sad that this place was such a disappointment .
It took over an hour for our food to arrive an when it did , everything was over cooked and dry .
We had the fried tofu as an appetizer and we both had the chicken pad Thai .
Very attentive staff .
The food was delicious , though a few things stood out to me as peculiar , hence the 4 stars instead of 5 .
It was n't that crowded for being a holiday .
I liked the green sauce best ( it was spicier ) .
The place itself is split into two structures : the tavern and the restaurant .
But it 's unacceptable to be rude to people ! !
Waitress apologized but did n't offer a thing .
We enjoyed the service and the food .
Our dinners were quiet a large portion & to die for .
My boyfriend and I both felt pressured by the waiter to order things that we did n't necessarily want though ...
My parents both ate Pad Thai and loved it .
The customer service was great , friendly and accommodating .
service was impeccable ! !
I love that they serve beer and wine here as well , and it 's a very casual kind of spot .
For best service ask for Paul .
I remember New Orleans , from when I lived in Louisiana , as the most wonderful dining city .
The bar had a very intricate wood design , very pretty .
Cheese did n't even melt the biscuit was so cold .
There was just no room .
Our favorite pizza place as of right now .
She never apologized that it was busy and that our food took so long .
OMG it is out of this world fresh and delicious .
Chatham Tap is my favorite place to grab a bite to eat on Mass Ave .
She also messed up the order and brought us plates from the order of the table prior to us .
The bread was wonderful ...
Everyone at the table , liked their plates clean .
The Mac and cheese that came with the platter tasted a little stale though , but as a side dish it worked out okay .
The server brought a new pot ( no apology ) and that was all .
Two in our party received their food the other two did not .
I do n't know how it took me so long to visit this place .
I asked about the veggies an she brought out a cup of heated up raw veggies dripping in oil .
I do n't remember what my friend ordered but he seemed to adore his burger .
We showed up early so the hostess directed us to the bar .
It 's like going to a Greek person house and being treated like a family member .
Still , the service was just plain bad and I wo n't be back !
Plus , the sauce was really good .
The next day my wife went to the doctor as the burn was still bleeding and painful .
The tater tots were nasty ( how do you mess up frozen tater tots ? ? ) .
There was a real bad sewage smell near the kitchen that made me decide not to order food .
We attended a private party recently .
Ca n't recommend this place enough .
My friend did cut off a piece of the Lamb burger and that tasted great .
We were there relatively early ( 5:30 ) , and the restaurant was about half full .
I really liked the food , atmosphere and service ... and that lamb kabob !
No apology , ignored from then on like I did something wrong .
I ordered the shrimp carbonara po boy and it was ok .
My husband and I stayed there for the first time this past weekend .
I ordered a glass of the one hope cab sav and it was quite delicious - sweet and spicy , not too dry .
Most importantly I was extremely disappointed in the way a situation at a table next to me was handled .
It 's been an amazing experience and so far , every single place I 've eaten at has been AMAZING .
he never introduced himself before taking our order , 2 .
that was how i kept saying it , although really it 's spinach - artichoke .
We did n't bother to complain because no one wanted to wait another hour for food .
The wheat bread was awesome .
We tried this place Yesterday afternoon .
We even came back later and got an iced pecan coffee , which was just as good .
Everything tasted super fresh and each presentation was wonderfully created .
It was happy hour and they kept us entertained and in good spirits while we waited forever to eat .
Alas , the Kabob House is still one of my favorite places to eat in Boise .
Now you know about how the place is laid out ... what about the important stuff ...
It was n't like the pizza was burned , we both felt it added to the overall flavor and texture .
There was not a single topping even hinged on the the crust of the pizza .
Once I got around to the back of the store buy the beer , wine and dried goods I started to smell the stench of cigarettes .
Service was snotty and you really felt like they were doing you a favor by coming to your table .
It was slightly pricey but there was a nice sit down area .
I would run you through every course in detail but the truth is they were all amazing .
But the real surprise was the horrendous meal my husband was served .
My wife and I visited Pinocchio 's on our visit to Media and had some great food .
We had not been to Katie 's since the flood and boy am I glad we went back !
Our waitress was pretty good considering how busy it was .
The service was absolutely terrible .
They had EXACTLY what my wife likes as they were able to improvise since she is rather " high maintenance "
I have been to other IHOP in difference places throughout the country and this is the best .
( Pretty damn good selection if I do say so )
She remembers all our favorites and treats us like family .
I 've forgotten the details , but I really enjoyed the meal .
I actually took it back and asked if they forgot to mix in anything with the slaw .
Then we had our entrees , which were pretty standard , very decent sized portions and the taste was good .
The coffee and chai ( which are the only other beverages ) are incredible .
I guess I need to mention that our dishes were really good as well .
My husband and I shared out anniversary dinner together here last week .
Definitely wo n't be returning to this location .
( Gon na order the salmon salad next time ) he said it was great .
I ordered what should 've been a relatively healthy , easy meal .
The pizza was fresh just for us , so we waited while it cooked .
MR Bs owners should be completely embarrassed .
The atmosphere and service was wonderful .
But really ... who the heck would ever take their kids here ? ? ? ?
I was afraid the whole night was going to go that way but luckily I was wrong .
Carlo is always smiling and treats us like family .
The bun was excellent .
It turned out there had been quite a party a few hours earlier , as the first friday of every month is a pig roast .
I ordered a pretty basic cheese burger , but it was absolutely delicious .
It was nearly nine and every place was packed .
This Sunday I tried the brunch buffet & I was VERY impressed !
We were seated at about 1 pm .
The Napoleon sashimi was literally off tasting - may get food poisoning later tonight ( not kidding , worried ) .
She was a great representative to the place .
Chanterelle toast looked amazing it was just ok and I felt the green beans were just ok .
I could take it or leave it , and was mildly disappointed , considering the difference between my expectations , and what we got .
Elmo 's and Dunaway 's you 've got to prove your a part of the family and Harry and Izzy 's does .
I like that the place is non smoking - that is a big plus given most of the bars close by allow smoking .
My friend had the pesto bruschetta .
And if it happens to be cold out / rainy out , he sometimes offers soup while you wait !
This is one of my favorite local spots to visit .
Owners are very friendly and personally seated us .
YOU LITERALLY just told us we could n't sit at this table any longer ! !
The PILs ordered the Straw and Hay and the Chocolate Fettuccine and a house salad .
We had cake and played with all of the adorable cats and everyone had an amazing time .
We topped the meal off splitting a delicious slice of cake in honor of my friend 's birthday .
I 'm not a fan of capers so I removed them but the egg overall was very tasty .
Our server was attentive and overall I enjoy coming here .
When we told the server that neither of us ate pork for religious reasons , the server replaced the dish .
But the fish was perfectly cooked and delish !
Saqqara , keep up the great work !
Also the food was served to us while we sat on their outdoor patio .
Very disappointed in the drink prices here .
Took a few bites the flavors are nice , but I did n't finish it was cold .
I had recently been to Italy and this place was very close to the real thing !
They have no open parking so I obliged and drove and parked around the corner .
Our friends ordered those , and they were super crispy and delicious .
My husband son and I went in for dinner last Friday night .
The BBQ pork tastes just like my mom 's and that 's what I like most about it .
I also ate the vegan Po - boy which was equally delicious .
I can not tell you how disgusted I was as it made me look to other areas of sanitation lapses as well .
The beef was well - seasoned and flavorful .
She was , and always is , quite attentive , cordial and a smooth operator .
For an appetizer , my boyfriend and I shared the Braised Meatballs ( veal ) and we both agreed that they were very good .
Good : The food was fantastic .
The donuts I had in the office were nothing special .
Yay for the market fresh salad .
Biting into one of their donuts was nice because they 're so freaking delicate they almost melt when you eat them ! ! ! !
We got another servers attention after 20 minutes of waiting and let him know we were still waiting on our order .
the fries were yummy too .
As we were waiting , we were never greeted or offered any kind of beverage which certainly would have raised my rating .
Michelle is the best hostess .
The staff are all nice and accommodating .
Such presentation !
I got a glimpse of the brunch menu ... looks pretty tasty I must say ...
I had the Italian macciado .
The table was never wiped , the food sat for several minutes in view before it was delivered .
Our server came to check on us every 5 minutes and filled up our water ( the bar was also very empty that night ) .
the steak was super chewy I could n't even eat it .
The creole gumbo was good too .
Both times we were in Reno , we ate here .
Majority of the staff ( still ) can not speak a word of English , so once again , they wo n't help with your questions .
Some folks went up to him for some pictures and he was very kind and obliged their requests .
A short walk from my apartment I was told about a small , welcoming cafe very popular for breakfast and brunch .
The wings were on the small side .
as I inched my way to the counter which took about 25 minutes . I finally got to the cashier .
The only noise came from under the door , standard for most hotels I suppose , but nothing too bad .
We arrived just after 1 pm .
All the food was excellent .
Our waitress was really nice as well .
my favourite italian restaurant in the states
My brother got the queso empanadas for the table to share and OH MY GOSH .
Both " wraps " could have more fittingly been called " crumples " because that 's how they were assembled .
I was there last night with my family .
Everyone said goodbye as we walked out and reminded us to grab a rootbeer candy on our way out .
However , service was kind of slow , but it was a busy night !
At this point , we were running late , my husband was disgusted , and we were over the whole experience .
This place is great ! ! !
The ingredients in both my salad and entree seemed of poor quality .
The chocolate was ok , but the mousse has a horrible RANK taste , and SMELL as well .
I did n't realize this was a franchise until I checked out their website , but it seems like just a Louisiana franchise .
The sweet potato fries were an awesome starter .
The waiter was not friendly at all .
Kind of annoying how the young girls are practically wearing nothing while the older women are completely covered up .
I 'm thankful that I got to the restaurant right before the crowd started to pick up ( I got there around 7:45 am ) .
Came here after the auto show and were pretty shocked to see that it was n't busy at all .
Took forever to get our check .
I forgot it was Cinco De Mayo and when I asked the waitress how much the margarita was , she looked at me funny for some reason .
The waitstaff was extremely friendly .
The group said the beef was good .
The pork chop was flavorful , tender , and moist .
the line does suck , of course , but it 's not their fault that the chicken is so darned tasty .
While we sat there waiting for our meal we could see Angelina , the owner , cooking our food with fresh ingredients .
I took the food and coffee to go , and they packed everything up to make it super easy to carry .
If you 're new to this place , and you do n't see any parking on the street , there 's a nice big parking lot behind the bar .
The Sausage link was very good .
Bad : tiny bathrooms .
The table grills and hotpots are all very safe .
The food was barely warm , and the whole meal was eh except for the pancakes .
The food is amazing especially the Hummus .
They were attentive and our food got to our hungry stomachs quick .
Their food is amazing and the owners and staff are so friendly and attentive !
The actual cut of steak was one of the worst cuts I 've ever seen .
We were halfway done our meal before we found them to ask .
He made sure to finish every single satisfying bite .
We also felt the need to eat potatoes and bacon ..
The service was not very friendly , it was not rude either , it was just bland .
The food is fresh and delicious and the donuts are so unique and seriously good ! !
Finally after waiting another 5/10 minutes I had to walk up and ask for my check , which was only a $ 6 drink .
A little warn in the place but the place was clean and was such a good time ! !
My husband frequents Cheu on the regular and I finally made it there last night and am so happy that I did !
Once we engaged with our waitress , who was sweet and attentive , everything was great .
Orange almond cake for dessert was wonderfully unsweet .
The price was reasonable , especially considering the high quality .
Overall , this has become one of my most favorite places to eat .
Highly recommended , your first time wo n't be your last ! !
More of a slushee though since there did n't seem to be any cream in it .
Which made me a little sad because I love me some tableside guac , but it was okay .
They were nicely toasted , but the meat inside was bland .
Presentation and decor were a bit above average .
The brunch food we chose was plentiful and mostly yummy although the grits were a bit bland .
We were able to find street parking nearby for free .
We got the potato pancakes and eggs , which were good as well as omelette .
My girlfriend and I stumbled upon it when we were looking for a place to eat .
Went here cause it was the highest rated place that was open and in walking distance to the hotel ..
Sam and Bruce were exceptional ambassadors and the entire staff made the voyage memorable .
This place , from the outside , looks like it 's located next to Ha Long Bay but its actually part of Ha Long Bay .
After 45 minutes passed , we checked in with the hostess again .
Staff were loud about their job dissatisfaction .
I got the basic general tso 's and it did n't come close to passing the test .
We ordered the crab cake and blacked fish - both so fresh and delicious .
Update : Uncle Maddios actually reached out to me and wanted to make up for the experience .
I was puzzled and then angry and then i had to smirk and whisper , " well played my friend ...
Stupendous customer service , and exquisite food .
It was n't much to look at , but the food was decent and the prices were reasonable .
Very poor guest relation from service manager Jodi and Jamie never came back to check on us .
The waitress / bartender was really nice .
What a pleasant surprise and fun adventure .
Service was great and Rita our waitress was super accommodating ... Will go back often .
Def the best in town .
We did n't even want to try other places it was so good .
We were a table of 4 on Saturday night experiencing the chef 's grand tasting menu which was $ 135 a person .
It 's nice to have a slice place so close to home with a nice outside eating area .
Disgusting food and disgusting people , except for the one guy who worked there who said goodbye to us .
She also reminded us that the whole party had to be here .
I knew it would be a little more costly than what my parents were accustomed to - but I was prepared for that .
I was pleased to see deep eddy orange and grapefruit .
Unfortunately they do not take reservations for groups at lunch so the 9 of us had to roll the dice .
However , the manager was extremely kind , he offered to tour us when rush hour is over , we just could n't really wait around .
It was recommended by the hotel staff where I was staying .
The lobster beignets were yummmmmmmm !
Very friendly place .
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was great .
The manager was as unprofessional as the teenagers running the register .
Those taco trucks are just average and cost just as much as Chipotle , which is convenently located to me , cheap and good .
This location is close to us and I am a sucker for coupons we get in the mail every so often ..
Curry soup was tasty & I the fried chicken was done just right .
There is Taj just a couple of blocks away and is a much better option .
The sauce is good and the chicken is crispy - " Yeah , that 's good enough .
Tried my girlfriend 's chimichanga , it was alright .
So unfortunately it 's maybe a little pricey and we ordered wings which btw took some time to place the order .
Shortly after , our sandwiches came out .
It is right by my house , it is a great little spot , and I like the meatballs ( I do n't think I mentioned that before ) .
This is my new favorite pizza place .
The atmosphere was great and the service was top notch ! ! !
We came in at 9 pm when there were 3 other tables around us .
The margaritas were really good , too .
I heard a number of good things about this place , but I was very disappointed .
it 's somewhat tasty , but kind of a dive .
the basil was burnt .
The food , the service , and staff were all so wonderful !
The beef pie was yummy as was the chicken and island sampler plates .
The building seems outdated on the outside but inside it was very clean and nice on the inside .
The server we had Desmond is amazing .
When I walked in , the place was dated and dingy .
We had discussions about everything from their jobs to their families .
This is my first time having Snarf 's and I have to say it wo n't be the last .
When the chicken finally arrived , it was delicious !
What I unwrapped was essentially chicken flavored mayonnaise .
Took our meal back to hotel in take - out boxes by which time it was n't good either .
Miss Nameless shrugged & pointed to her fav .
The WK cheesesteak was fabulous .
This is our ( my husband and I ) favorite casual dining place .
The chopped salad was decent too .
( Do they even have bigger tables ?
I think our total bill was under $ 40 & we did n't have any drinks but we did have leftovers ! !
Being from the area , I loved it and found nothing really odd about it .
Now pretend that moment in time never happened and you did n't waste your money on something that traumatizing .
At that point we just sucked it up .
I liked the truffle fries , but it was nothing special .
My fiancée and I went to lunch on MLK Jr day around 1 pm .
The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and most importantly the food was amazing .
We have eaten here many times over the years .
I live right by Local Taco , and frequent the place .
The cake was like a rock the next day .
Waitresses walking by , like.we were invisible .
The place was spic and span , including the bathroom .
It was a nice size too .
Had to get something quick because we had tickets to the playhouse theater .
Yum ! ) My friend 's fries were great , and everyone seemed happy with the food - Shepherd 's pie and a grilled cheese sandwich .
We told her we were still interested and chose the DIY smores .
I was a little disappointed the third time when we had another server , but she was just as amazing .
After a 10 min wait my party of 4 were seated straight away .
I 'm eating these donuts right now , and with every bite I ca n't stop myself from saying " Oh .
There are a TVs all around which is nice .
The meat was meltingly tender , though a little broken - up for my tastes , and the soft - cooked egg was perfect .
My new favorite .
I told my Family let 's go , I know we are tired and hungry but they do n't value our business .
Ca n't help but ingest some of it one way or another .
Soon we realized that it was his sad attempt at getting someone to come and eat in his horrible eatery .
The wait staff was very friendly .
It is very easy to get to - just go downstairs from your room if you 're staying at El Dorado , Silver Legacy or Circus Circus !
That was a pretty spectacular doughnut , my son agreed by the rate he inhaled it without speaking !
The grilled cheese tasted like it was cooked in pure butter .
We were the only table there and the bar was less than full .
So , there was no table ready for us .
When we walked in it had just gone to penalty kicks and he was in a good mood .
Came here for dinner but the wait was 2hrs long so we sat at the bar ....
Once we got in , we were taken care of quickly by very kind servers .
I was so enamored with my food , I did n't look around too much )
The man at the meat counter said they only order this meat to make their own braciole to sell .
Attentive service for everyone while we chatted up our fellow barmates .
My boyfriend ordered a Whiskey Sampler , we split an appetizer , and we each got a sandwich ...
I ordered lamb curry and it was tasty .
No one particularly enjoyed their food .
The beer and cocktail selections were excellent , and the server was very helpful and attentive .
And then she revealed her nametag and it said Wendy !
What made them spectacular was the little bit of crispy duck skin on top .
All expressions of waiters and staff easily read .
The security staff was just down right RUDE .
The pasta was very good and the sauce seemed to taste as though it was from scratch .
It was our last stop before heading out of town .
The best place ever .
Actually , we made a trip across town to stumble in , but regardless , we made it .
I had the Hummus Plate which came with 4 falafels , pita bread , and greek salad .
Our waiter had excellent timing and anticipated our every need .
Ca n't believe we have n't discovered this gem sooner !
I go once a day ( though i often forget to check in ! ) Be nice to the waitstaff , they 're the best around !
We gave our name at least a half dozen times and kept being told we would be seated in just a few minutes .
The staff were all super friendly and nice .
The staff was courteous .
I asked John to tell me what he COULD do , since a credit for exactly what I was missing seemed inadequate .
The soft shell crab was definitely plentiful but it just tasted strange to me .
The lunch special was a really good value .
The creativity of the menu items it 's awesome , we were very impressed !
They must have driven to the brewery to get that Bud Light .
I have been here before but ordered the " wrong " thing ( cioppino ) .
The pork belly was very good .
Our server sent them back and we got another batch and they tasted exactly the same .
I 'm so glad this new place opened and is not too far from where I live .
The " fancy " donuts were not particularly interesting to me .
Since it was garlic knots , it was n't a big deal .
Found food in the bed GROSS !
These were absolutely the best mussels I 've ever eaten !
My friend had the Truffle flatbread and enjoyed it paired with the parmesan and arugula .
Tonight was our first time here & it was excellent !
What 's even a bigger joke is the fact they are supposed to be open until midnight tonight .
When I got there we had to wait for a table so me and my date grabbed drinks from the bar .
She proceeded to demand for my credit card number after that she said just forget it you do n't get no order and hung up .
I had the Indonesian Lo Mein and he had the General Tso Chicken combo .
The tomato on it was mealy , and he found the onion jam to be a bit too sweet .
She was absolutely lovely and brought back 2 boiled crawfish so that we could each have one .
Today we went inside because being the 4th of July , the Queen Donuts was closed .
The gooey butter cake was delicious .
The bowl reminded me exactly of Chipotle , but I think Chipotle might actually be a little stronger .
By her doing so , it made myself and a co worker that came in with me feel as if something was probably done to our food .
I went there for lunch this afternoon with a large group of coworkers . We were seated quickly in a large booth .
The 2 pastas were cooked perfectly .
On the upside , they have somewhat convenient parking in the lot behind the restaurant ( near the Shawmont School ) .
The meatballs had the same super salty " prosciutto " in them , so they were insanely salty .
Not sure we 'll be back any time soon , but I 'm glad we tried Thai Orchid .
The concierge upgraded our room when he realized we were first time visitors .
I got a Yerba Mate green tea and my hubby got a cappuccino .
Our first time visiting and I was impressed with the whole facility !
The lady in the front was very nice and helpful when I was deciding what to buy my mom who I was taking lunch to .
A young man literally dropped my plate in front of me from across the table without saying a word .
We ordered a plain flat bread pizza and a side salad .
The food was amazing !
We stayed there for 2&1/2 hours excluding the waiting time .
Our Cornmeal Waffle was a tad cold , so we sent it back .
It made the experience so quick and efficient , I did n't have to even talk to anyone before I picked up my order .
The white guacamole .
I took a coco late chip breakfast bar .
Great location , as I stayed at the Marriott on canal st .
This place just opened up around the corner from my house , so I had to try it .
The owner was nice and friendly .
Second , the onion rings tasted like vanilla !
The weekend buffet was beautiful -- spicy chaat , pickles , onion pakoras , nav rattan korma et al .
They were very very accommodating and had me ready to go and out the door in 15 minutes !
By the time our pizza came out we had finished our salad and were ready for the good stuff !
I know that 's not a real world , but that 's how I would describe it .
We walked in and the owner and what looked like his mother were sitting there getting a bit of rest before dinner service .
The hash browns were crispy and delish !
And then there 's the wonder twins .
We just moved to the area and have been here almost weekly .
My waiter did not check on my food service until after I had finished my meal -- fortunately , the owner did check on me .
Our pasta dish was bland and uninspired as well .
Overall the materials were fresh .
We were looking forward to checking out one of Besh 's restaurants while visiting New Orleans and decided on Luke 's .
My fiancé ordered the chicken fajitas and I ordered the 5 - Alarm burrito .
We sat down at the lounge and had 2 of their cocktails- Elevation and Sunset Punch .
The rest of the prices were n't bad .... this one just came out of left field !
We were seated after a reasonable wait , but then no server came to our table for 15 min .
But for us Spraga was a near perfect dining experience .
I went to Milktooth over the weekend and I really wanted to love it but it was just okay .
The wings were OK but nothing special .
This is my new favorite restaurant in NOLA .
The dish itself tasted more like a watery gumbo .
They forgot 4 egg rolls .
Our server was awesome and well prepared .
From the sales to convention staff , we were treated with respect and dealt a fair hand in terms of pricing .
We got the stuffed oysters , pâté , burger and fried oyster salad .
The room was an ok size but the beds were a bit tight .
I was more annoyed that he did n't take the initiative to speak up than about the noise .
There was chicken parm at the table and it was not overly fried- very tender and flavorful .
It 's truly awful-- overcooked with odd , off - putting flavor combinations .
The best thing about the wife 's filet was the cheese on top .
We ate here on our way out of Indianapolis after the Indy 500 .
We checked back with the hostess after it was getting close to an hour and we were told it would be about 10 more minutes .
Btw my friends got 2 ice coffee lattes and they where $ 5 each .
We heard about it from a friend who turned us on to the spicy cucumbers , which are just wonderful .
The ravioli was pretty tasteless .
The mushrooms were so fresh and tasty and all the other flavors combined were perfect .
I was shocked at all the different things they have in there .
The food was pretty good too .
Another couple sat on the side of us and they to received an uninviting welcome .
Shrimp spring rolls were fantastic .
Given that I had mentioned that I love meat , this is the one small aspect of things that I was slightly disappointed in .
We got the guacamole today as a starter , it was very fresh and a little spicy ( it is the same delicious guac as Delicia ) .
The food was decent and they have a very nice environment .
The sauce on the pepperoni pizza was a little sweeter IMO than most places , which I really like .
We then made the mistake of offering our daughter a bite .
It 's one of my favorite spots for my lunch break .
The pim 's cup daiquiris were amazing !
We went on a Friday night and the place was full , but even so there was only a 20 minute wait .
Loved David , great waiter .
The two young men behind the counter look absolutely miserable to be there but it gets so much worse .
The waiter was very unpleasant - was banging down the plates and glasses on the table when he delivered them .
I also tasted the bacon and beer Mac which was delicious .
As we pushed open the revolving door we found ourselves in a brightly lit , upscale dineresque space .
And the truffle dijonaisse was very very good .
Was kind of disappointed in that area .
Honestly , there 's not much going on up there and it was a bit warm , but we decided to stick it out .
The staff was very nice and we were served quickly .
Well every time i go , its usually very busy around 7 pm .
Everything we ordered was incredible and our server Gary was excellent .
As we waited for someone to take our drink order , It was enough time that we read the entire menu thoroughly twice .
We waited at the " wait to be seated " sign for about 10 minutes .
I have to say , I do n't know of a better place to go .
He removed the salad from our bill and kindly offered us a complimentary dessert which we declined .
I sat at the bar , as I was here by myself , and immediately got a menu and was offered a drink .
Her smile was amazing !
However I was pleasantly surprised when a friend and I had lunch there .
The calamari and hummus and risotto balls were also great .
We were never greeted , never acknowledged , while multiple employees came to the station in front of us and then walked away .
The fried oyster salad was very good .
Decor was beautiful , food was absolutely spectacular .
My fiance and I went to this restaurant recently with my sister and her husband .
I wanted to like this place , I really did .
No outside seating because it 's cold outside , but the tasty treats make up for that .
I ordered a shrimp burrito and my wife had the 2 taco plate .
I ca n't say for sure either way if I 'd be back or not .
The cafe was busy with almpat no seats available .
It really was a good value for the price I must say , but honestly it sounded a lot cooler than it actually was .
These items came out together .
Gets very busy especially on weekends .... Always a great dining experience ! !
All 3 thought the beans were much too salty and the rice was clumpy .
Check this place out and you wo n't be disappointed .
Really what soured the experience was the counter staff .
The ambience is casual and trendy .
There was a wait of about 10 minutes .
This place is close enough to visit on foot , but I wo n't return .
Best of all , it 's in my lovely Mid City neighborhood .
I had to go and and grab the menu myself .
We go to Fleming 's a lot for the 5 for $ 6 before 7 happy hour .
It was an admittedly large portion of acai and fruit .
This is a very mediocre place .
I said forget it I 'm not sure what is going on here , but I 'm not ordering food from a place that is rude .
As for the rest of the meal , it was a tough choice -- just too many goodies to choose from .
I really liked the cheese room and the wine cellar was nice too .
This place is amazing ! ! !
Good thing he did , b / c when we left , we passed by the pastry counter , and they were sold out !
The wrap was pretty good and so did the fries .
The beans and rice were fine , but the cheese shreddings on top seemed unmeltable !
The only down point was the service .
I asked her why I was assaulted and I asked for the video of what happened .
The young waitress repeated the order back and said of course- no problem .
We ordered the tachos and they were delicious and a generous portion .
My friend recommended it and the waitress was impressed with my choice , so yeah , good call buddy .
His seafood salad was very good as was my grilled salmon .
Without belaboring in detail , the seared foie gras was so undercooked it was stringy .
The answer she got was no animal products .
The toasted ravioli were okay .
It was 8 people so it must have been close to $ 150 .
Great service Sean !
the better half enjoyed her huevos ...
For some reason , I was n't feeling it in the main dining area ( where we sat ) .
The big thing , though , is the food .
When we arrived , the first thing we were asked was if we had resevations .
I put my fork on top of the salad and pushed it to the other side of the table .
Thankfully , our server was very nice and walked us through the menu since we had never been there .
Asked to speak to the manager , she came to speak to us as she was on a rush to get out the door .
The food is fantastic , but the cocktails are the highlight-- deliciously crafted , my favorite was the F-18 .
Their slow roasted beef shortrib is nothing short of " oh - my - goodness this is amazing " .
We had Fried Calamari , Soft shell crab , Bar B - Q Squid , a couple of ala carte sushi pieces and 4 special rolls .
The guy at the door was very nice and lead me back in to use the restroom .
Slllooowweeessttt deli counter ever !
Too bad they ran out of the cinnamon roll brûlée .
The best part is that the lunch was relatively inexpensive .
MY god , the Kurobuta Pork Belly was sooo delicious !
It was delicious and the little pieces of pork made it that much better tasting .
In short , they did not staff for the event & it quickly became stressful & disappointing .
The only Ok thing about this restaurant was the veggies ; they did look and taste fresh .
Our waiter was quick at getting our drinks and was very friendly .
Okay , we were off to a bad start .
It is a small little place in Philly , we wanted something new ( other than our other fave New Harmony ) and I am so glad we did !
I felt like it was all good , but relative to the price point , it was n't fantastic .
For a cheesy place I was very surprised that it was somewhat quiet .
The food was pretty forgettable .
She asked a third time , and out of spite the server Andrew shoved 2 entire containers full of sweeteners .
I 'm a long time fan of Tangelo 's .
Today was just horrible .
We split an order of the fried egg rolls + each got a bánh mì .
Everyone in our party thought that their food was good .
Vince got a gorgeous , and equally beautiful lunch Bento box .
This is the reason I do n't like PF Chang 's .
We had two entrees , an appetizer and a huge mug of beer each and the bill was just over $ 30 .
I know it said mint syrup and I do n't know what I was thinking but it was the ultimate fail .
Food came out piping hot and very juicy .
My father got the pizza , and if it was n't the worst pizza I 've ever tasted , it was pretty close .
Heaven in my mouth ( I am writing this review SOLELY for the waffle , I wo n't lie - you MUST go there now and get it ) .
My husband and I swung by this little cafe and was greeted by the sweetest man ever !
Even after mixing in the rice , it tasted more like soup .
Oh , and we also had the bruschetta and salad , neither of which was very memorable .
The half Maine Lobster was super fresh and tender .
The knife that was included with the dish was also dirty .
The boiled oysters were really great .
We spend the day in Tarpon Springs , and headed here around 3:45 for lunch / dinner .
This , was the only highlight of this epic failure .
The jambalaya was horrible - old .
Not even garlic knots .
There also did n't appear to be any sort of happy hour ... if you expect prices to be high , there wo n't be any surprises .
The staff was very friendly .
Shrimp Steamed Dumplings : These were very good , pieces of shrimp , chives , and assorted mystery items .
Chips and salsa were brought to the table .
The staff quickly started to recognize us , and even asked after my dad .
The drinks were strong and delicious .
We , particularly the Mr. , fell in love with Indian Fry Bread about 35 years ago , in a tiny town just east of the Grand Canyon .
Overall I enjoyed my experience .
I also got the Des Allemands catfish , which was one of the lunch specials of the day .
We live in the neighborhood , so it is good for us that the food is very good .
Lets get back to the ice cream ... Om nom nom nom ....
I have to say , the dorado was the better of the two .
The service , well there was only five people in the restaurant , so it was excellent , plastic containers and all .
The beverages were delicious and the menu was quite interesting .
The rice was hot at least ?
I was here twice in the early afternoon and it was a pleasant experience .
We got takeout from here last night for dinner and I was really impressed !
I had been here once , years ago , but did n't recall much about it .
I finally stopped in with my son for a quick lunch and was immediately impressed by the menu items !
I was again disappointed in the dinner .
and we had a bottle of sake ..
It 's quite a place to check out ....
My dolsot bibimbap came out delightfully sizzling .
Sadly it was underwhelming from the minute we walked in the door .
We apologized profusely but she did n't even try to hide her annoyance .
I remember it being very seafoody and a bit spicy .
Miso Ramen - The broth was actually decent , it 's creamy and tasty .
My husband and I kicked off our wedding weekend and chef jjs in September and are so happy we chose this venue .
Cordial , attentive customer service .
I loved the basic atmosphere , and enjoyed watching the folks working in the kitchen area assemble everyone 's orders .
The chips are made on site and were the best chips I have ever had !
Since I am not a regular Vietnamese food eater , I am giving SF 4 stars , but in my book it is a 5 as I was " Wow'd " !
Cheese blintzes were OK .
What disturbed me is the awkward service .
So the pizza was really good !
This place is a great place .
Man that baked brie was amazing ...
This is a great Indian place .
They were super kind and helpful since this was my Fiancé 's and my first time .
We asked to sit outside but the bugs were so bad we decided to move to the inside seating .
Bartender said that 7 - 11 did not have to give me water either ? ? ? ? ?
Would have never , EVER expected a place to be off the beaten path like this .
We ordered the fruit bruschetta ( yum , what an awesome idea ! ) and the Popeye skillet and the Roadhouse sw .
Last persons entree was a shrimp dish and when it arrived 20 minutes after everyone else 's the shrimp were raw .
We , ourselves , were more the guarantee for the waiter - guaranteed gratuity ... aka ' pay less attention to the sure thing ' .
It was pretty insulting that they would even think that we should eat food of that quality .
I think most people find it when they are looking for Hodak 's Chicken ( it is just down the street if coming from Gravois ) .
The mall and the restaurant were busy because of the Iowa and Michigan game .
Good sign # 2 : the entire salad was extremely fresh and crisp !
Basically , it 's a hotel restaurant and the food is fine / OK , and I mean fine / OK .
The reviews speak for themselves and are so true .
I ate around the chicken as I have an unnatural fear of food poisoning .
We did not stay on site so have no idea what the rooms are like .
We ate there and they brought the food to our table .
We asked if we could order off that menu after sitting down and we were told it was " against the rules . "
The hostess , waiters , kicked staff and the food were absolutely amazing !
I def would return for the wings .
He thought it had no onion , but that was all I could taste .
The salad was not very flavorful .
So couple invite us for Bastille Day .
I waited 20 minutes for my order .
I wish i could remember what we ordered , but there were four of us and we ordered a bit of everything .
Oh and my absolute favorite margarita .. the tamarind margarita rimmed with pepper .... taste like a sour patch kid !
Our server was super friendly and helpful .
The drinks were served in small plastic cups .
The rice was amazing , too !
We ordered a platter ...
Decided on this place thanks to all the Yelp reviews even though it was 20 mins away vs the closer sushi joints nearby .
I tried a bite of each and all were tasty .
BTW , this is the 3rd time I 've posted on yelp just wanted to share this place , so good !
The food was cold .
The food was not exceptional at all .
I was talking about this place with a close friend and he said the same exact thing .
It has come to my attention that this dreadful place is now CLOSED .
The only negative thing I can say about the rice is the large pieces of onion .
It was peak lunch time and they were busy !
The chicken was cooked to perfection .
My personal favorite is their pulled pork .
the zeppoli were super awesome , crisp on the outside , warm and soft on the inside .
This particular location was terrible .
She brought water right away .
I no longer consider Brio competition for St.
We ordered garlic clams , clam chowder , fresh oysters and the crab sandwich .
We got the croque , butternut squash soup , and the quiche .
It 's in the same section with the daiquiri shop so it 's really not that bad during the day .
You would 've saved yourself grief if you would 've just listened Steve !
I really liked the food .
The sizzling beef was absolutely ..
fanatasic soup ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Needless to say , everyone at my table was pretty scared of the knife - wielding crazy chef .
I had the adult grilled cheese .
Thankful that we have a really good restaurant in Alton .
So of course we had to go try it out .
My wife and I were less than impressed .
We have been here a few times before and really want to like this place because it is so convenient to where we live .
I do n't really want to see stabbings and blood spurting while I 'm eating .
We were warmly greeted by one of the owners , Josh , and heard about a few revisions to the ever - changing menu .
It was a great pizza for the money , Thanks to the entire staff , Great Job !
We had delicious Pacific Northwest oysters that made me smile and the risotto was rich without being overly decadent .
The only saving grace was that the food was decent , it did n't look pretty but it tasted well .
I had the fried pork chop , my 3 friends had the BBQ ribs , chicken / dressing , and country fried steak and everything was so good !
We ordered Singapore noodles , honey garlic chicken , chicken balls & Chicken fried rice .
I definitely just wo n't be coming here anymore , it 's not worth it , it 's a waste of money .
The location and setting are beautiful .
At the very least they did not taste like they were out of a box .
It 's a must - stop whenever I 'm around the area .
Layer if you come here -- they have a fireplace and a shag run so if you sit in " the pit " , it gets hot up in there !
She was extremely attentive , had a great attitude , and was knowledgeable !
The burger was huge & delicious w/ every bite .
We tried a hot cinnamon roll and it was gooey and delicious .
It was n't bad nor were the scrambled eggs .
We came here as a recommendation from a friend who lived in NOLA .
Their fried rice and Thai iced tea were good ( my gf said the rice was just ok and she 's Filipino ) .
She came back , without a word and left it on the table .
The inside was n't bad looking by any means I just felt the name " mason jar " did n't really fit the ambiance .
I ordered the sweet potato and cauliflower steak gratin .
Place your order at the little window and relax on one of the benches while Chef Pat makes your meal fresh and hot ! ! !
I ordered the Penne Alla Vodka and my boyfriend ordered the traditional spaghetti and meatballs .
The food was terrible !
Thank you , Beck 's , for filling this GAPING void .
The food and staff were awesome !
So happy to have found this place ! !
It was so good that we had to order a 2nd one .
All of the pickles were yummy .
It 's only $ 8.99 for the buffet , which is less expensive than all of the other Indian buffets I 've been to in the city .
The seats were comfortable and the server was pleasant .
The ham was fantastic too !
The naan was ok , but they did n't have mango OR tamarind chutney .
He said that he 'd send one anyway and I gave him my address .
I understand it 's a hotel but there were n't any options close by .
If you know what you 're in for , its a great place .
I laughed out loud when we showed up for Mother 's Day brunch a couple months later and was asked if I had a reservation .
Tables are small but it feels like you are at someone 's home and I assume that was by design .
I consider myself a connoisseur of both Mexican food and hot dogs , so I ca n't believe it took me this long to stop by BK .
We had the chicken , ribs and macaroni , and the Brie and crab hand pie .
But H could n't stop repeating how much he enjoyed his half .
She literally had it on her shoulder the entire time except to say , " Please hold " to take our orders .
The chef knows what she is doing .
I like that its close to my apt and its on the water .
The right thing to do in that situation would be to comp the meal , but no .
Manager was no better ... nasty and said to call and complain ... she did NOT care .
I do n't understand the hype about this place .
The snow crab was very high quality , as were the fries .
It 's all so clean , too , which is a huge plus .
The pizza is completely tasteless .
It was very busy so that 's a good sign !
It 's just so lovely on a nice sunny morning .
The owner is so hospitable and ales everyone feel like family .
The flavoring tasted very artificial .
The fried oyster salad was such a let down .
The service was friendly and prompt .
The mushroom salad and tapenade were also very good .
We attended a Sunday class that started at 11:00 AM .
we also purchased some of the honey cakes in the bakery to take home and they were delicious as well .
The sushi was delicious !
It was pretty busy for a Tuesday night so we expected a little bit of a wait for our meal .
The food was really good .
Vegetable samosa was delicious and crispy .
The staff was very friendly and helpful .
The service was spectacular as well !
All members of my party , got that .
Owner and staff were welcoming and amazing !
This place is amazing ! !
We all had the red fish for our main course which was amazing ! ! !
Sorry for the inconvenience of giving you a paycheck .
The lamb was also pretty decent .
The sweet and sour chicken was soooo good .
On Noboru 's website and Facebook page they advertise chocolate covered strawberries and even crepes !
Staff talking loudly .. making unnecessary noise .
He was told 7:30 by a restaurant worker .
We got some cornbread with our meal , which was decadent - I know that seems like an odd word to describe cornbread , but it was .
I asked our waitress the same question , and she pointed to the section of the menu that lists the offerings .
EVERYTHING in this place is GREAT and I do mean EVERYTHING .
After a beautiful autumn walk through the Botanical Gardens I stopped in for lunch .
I think my favorite thing had to be the Beef Wrapped Pancake .
My husband had gotten his car done at a car dealership across the street .
About 1 year ago a Taiwanese friend of ours paid us a visit , and we decided to try the actual restaurant .
We arrived at peak lunch time , 12:30 , and the restaurant was pretty slow .
I ate about a quarter of the meal and literally felt like throwing up .
Menu has a nice variety , service was great , and although it was pretty empty when we were there , the atmosphere was inviting !
However , our final tab did not show the promised deduction .
I took my son here as a surprise yesterday because he is a big fan of lobster rolls .
It was later on a Friday night , the dinner rush was over , but we still felt completely overlooked .
I got some sort of omelette that I thought was okay .
It feels like they are running on a skeleton staff .
Other than the cold french fries with the late burger , no one had any complaints about the quality of the food .
All of the girls at our table got different entrees and we enjoyed tasting off of each others plates .
Seating is limited at this restaurant as it 's mostly a takeaway spot .
Thank goodness they have a good whiskey selection so the evening was n't a loss .
They continued to tell us that it would be at least a 20 minute wait before they could put our table together .
Our waitress Caddea was so amazingly wonderful .
I 'm telling you , the horseradish sauce ai n't too shabby either .
Service was top notch and the experience was first class all the way .
Either way , it was dry and the sauce kind of sucked .
I ordered a Bento box for takeout and it was delicious .
The waiter even gave us some fresh nan on the house which was also very good .
The marble rye was lightly toasted and ever so slightly crisp .
The lobster bisque we got was pretty good .
Shrimp , oyster and crawfish all delicious
The counter clerk / meal maker was disinterested , bordering on rude .
Louis tradition and remorseful because I missed out on it for so .. many ... years !
A huge yuk , did n't even finish it .
I was so happy to find this place .
My kids loved the food I must say I was really jealous of their choices .
Seemed like a great deal so we returned a few weeks later .
The spicy Asian steak wrap was tasty .
Not the best place I have eaten at , the table was dirty and the food was cold when it got to me
But , the BBQ pizza was too sweet and I 'm sad to say that we did n't eat much of it .
I was perfectly content with my stay at the Loews .
Other than that , we enjoyed the experience .
Then there was the service , which was impressive .
We 're both usually satisfied with just a taste , so we chose to share the gooey butter cake .
We walked in and were asked to sit on a table .
Just seated & left there at the table we waited 20 min .
The jalapeno shrimp was a complete YES !
It 's a very fancy place , although my friends and I were in t - shirts .
We stayed here for two nights when we were in town to work the election .
The oysters were fresh , the crawfish was amazing .
My most expensive meal ever .
It smelled like it had n't been cleaned in days .
The fries were incredible ; they must have been fried twice because they were super crisp .
But , ok , it 's true the Main Line is probably not the best place to hang around .
The fries were a bit different but had plenty of garlic and I must admit - I really liked them .
But the rest of the dish fell flat .
Who knows , there could be water from Chapala , Guadalajara ; my Dad 's home town .
Her tomato was also gross and the chicken was cooked into charred rubber .
Mr B 's would not seat my father until we arrived .
The tomato sauce was a bit on the tart side and fairly overpowering but delicious all the same .
From the moment we walked in I knew we had found the right place for like lunch .
The last time we were there , I was very disappointed to find out they had discontinued the Cuban Sandwich .
Only 1 egg and the quesadilla was small .
I took 2 bites and tossed it .
We also ordered the jap chae , the kalbi , Beef dolsot , and the seafood pancake .
I loved everything I ordered at this place .
Its like the chef have no taste buds and have to salt everything to death .
A splendid combo that I had to pat myself on the back for .
The woman who took my order was very friendly and helpful and we will recommend them to others .
A must if you 're in the area , even if you 're not it 's worth the drive .
The decor is very nice ( those chairs in the front are impressive ) and staff very friendly .
It was n't nearly as loud or cave - like , and the atmosphere was more romantic than just dark .
Oh and the place needs to be cleaned up because it was very dirty especially the bathroom .
The homemade ketchup was so interesting .
I had the chicken adobo which was excellent and delicious
The sections I do nt particularilly care for are dairy and grocery , but that is OK .
Even though it was our first visit , we felt like regulars .
I asked him if he wanted me to call the restaurant and he said no .
But I dot think I need to talk about how horrible the food was because it 's called Rotten Ralph 's ....
We finally sat down at a table , and ordered our food .
So I 'm not a huge Greek food fan , but the souvlaki from Zorba 's was quite amazing .
It was a dream in a cup ( a really really big cup ) .
The salad was ok .
The presentation of it did n't help either .
It was so good , I that if I closed my eyes , I could easily be in the Caribbean ! !
I am sure other places have this However seeing it just made it worse ...
I just want to add that it was pretty adorable to watch the older husband and wife team silently making my sandwiches together .
He chose the sangria and I chose the margarita .
The food was cold and it took forever to get a drink .
The crawfish dip had good flavor as well ... very cheesy and tangy .
The other comment I have is that everyone ( customers ) in the store looked like they were between 20 and 30 years old .
I currently live in the Pittsburgh area .
That 's a shame because it is a beautiful property ..
The pork belly was incredible !
Food is absolutely amazing ! ! !
Our party enjoyed both appetizers .
The staff was also very friendly and helpful .
While my fish was quite good , the orzo served with it was AMAZING ! !
It was the only part of our dinner I was n't fond of .
The pastries were absolutely delicious and worth every penny .
You get called " sweetie " and " darling " and " Hun " .
We were , of course , asked if we would like to sit at the bar .
Hands down , my favorite restaurant in Philly .
Its more of treat for me .
Service was great and the food was , in fact , very unique !
I told her to cancel the order and I drove up there .
The people are great & and so is the food .
We ordered ahead and first of all the order was wrong .
Really thought this place was going to be great .
I ordered the Quiche Lorraine for brunch .
I had some disagreeable word with the hostess .
The beer was cold and the wings were very tasty .
Honestly I was disappointed in the food here .
Mike 's Cuban Sandwich was pork , ham and cheese on French bread .
I 'm so glad that Smyrna has a nice dining establishment on its Square !
The real disappointment was the fish tacos .
We are smokers and were pleasantly surprised that we could smoke on the patio .
The ladies next to me got louder and more hilarious as the night went on , so I 'm assuming the martinis were pretty good haha .
The atmosphere was excellent .
The tomato pie focaccia was amazing .
We came in just before noon and there was just one other couple in the restaurant .
Unfortunately , my husband and I were very disappointed in the food , especially for the price .
The atmosphere was swanky and cool , minus the old school ceiling .
The food was just OK .
The food was just ok .
:-( The waiters could n't recommend anything from the menu .
The only thing they actually cooked on this dish were the eggs .
The retaliation was complete .
Sheer nostalgia drew me to this place .
Eggs Benedict and potatoes were wonderful .
I explained my concerns and her immediate fix was to pay the tab , I informed her that this was not what my complaint was about .
We arrived at the time the site said the food would be ready , only to be met with puzzled stares from the staff .
Not to worry , they gave us our lunch on I.O.U.
It saved our afternoon .
The ' fries ' were soggy and tasteless , mostly the potato ends .
This place is great ! !
I had the borsetti : it was creamy and simply delicious .
The sushi , indeed was fresh .
Boss had the ribs ; glad I did n't order them because I could tell by watching him eat them that I would not have liked them .
They were falling off the bone - and were the most special dish of the night .
The crab cakes are AMAZING ! ! !
The beer selection was great and it seemed like a perfect place to come by and have a drink after a conference meeting .
Worst of all , it came with " vegetables " which looked more like poop .
I liked the atmosphere and local art they hung on the walls .
the egg roll was good .
I showed her the menu and corrected her .
I try to come by this place every time I drive through Indy .
The place looked pretty cool and relatively busy for a Wednesday night .
I had the fish and chips .
It 's so comforting knowing there 's no way a kiddo is getting out the door wihout his or her parent .
You made our night !
The boba drinks were n't bad .
My wife and I stopped in last night to grab some wings .
This was understandable because the place was full and they do n't have much room inside .
All of the food that we had was amazing , the wine was amazing and the atmosphere is amazing .
They were actually fairly busy when we went on a Saturday late afternoon .
Worst of all , the pancakes were terrible - chewy and flavorless .
The fries were really good too .
We went on a Sunday night and it was surprisingly un - busy and quiet ..
We got 5 lbs of Crawfish , 2 lbs of Shrimp , a stuff artichoke and some potatoes , corn and mushrooms , that added up to $ 55 .
They even brought us free chips and queso to apologize for the lengthy wait .
It was lunchtime , I had the Oriental chicken sandwich - wow !
A really beautiful interior and the staff was so friendly and attentive !
Really not sure what the hype was when it opened .
I went here after a recommendation that this is " the best coffee place in philly " and I 'm so glad I checked it out !
However , there are much better ( and less depressing ) places to find sushi in St.
BTW- sushi in the side= heaven !
It was so much food we did n't know where to start .
All of our food came out within 5 to 10 minutes of ordering which leads me to believe it was not made fresh .
Such a great experience and we loved meeting Marc .
Not my usual go to for brunch , so when friends suggested we dine there today I welcomed the change up .
I ca n't say enough good things .
We decided to check them out for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and the place was packed .
The hostess was very nice and efficient , offering us coffee and letting us know how long the wait would be .
My dish was pricey , yes it was but incredibly worth it .
" What do you think?" ... Are they good this style / way ? "
Well those were crisp and the filling was the best i 've ever had !
The 2 medium sized empanadas came out hot and filled with tender perfectly cooked pork .
I know I was being picky about my selections and expectations ...
Toward the end of our meal a very large group came into the bar , it almost seemed like a post - wedding thing .
The food , though , was pretty boring and overpriced .
We all shared the tasty and crunchy popcorn chicken .
We had 3 different people waiting on us .
Kathryn was our server and she did a great job !
We had such a great experience here .
Well done guys ! !
They were SOOOOOO chewy , and way more egregious than that , the shrimp were n't cleaned .
Absolutely terrible food .
Last night I tried , finally , one of the press boxes : the Montecito .
This place had so many good reviews and located next to cafe la Maude ( which I was not impressed at all ) .
The duck fried rice was amazing !
My wife and I really like this place .
As for the food , I was n't impressed with that either .
Jacki warned about the kinks and yes they have them .
Did n't tell us about the specials .
Thanks Zydeco 's it was worth checking you out .
Joanna was a great server and we loved the oysters !
The restaurant itself is smaller , but instead of feeling like a sardine in a tin can , it feels cozy .
I politely asked our waitress for a box & the check .
I lovvee coffee so really liked this one and it was strong and good .
By this time , I was truly regretful for tipping at all .
+ Food is delicious big thank 's to a great chef ! ! !
Also very close to home .
Out of 6 meals we ordered to go , 5 had to be thrown away .
This is a great vegan place to come and dine .
Our food came out in a timely manner , well prepared and delicious .
Falafel was delicious , as were the grapes and his homemade pasta that went along with it .
No one greeted or looked remotely interested in helping .
I grew up within walking distance of this incredible place .
If you can , try to sit in Janesca 's section , and you will be well taken care of .
Felicias is our favorite place for Pizza .
The service at the bar was attentive , but I was not a fan of the bread ( no substance ) even though it looked great !
The food is flavorful and spicy and the lunch menu is reasonably priced so you do nt go broke eating there .
the egg in a basket had a perfectly soft - boiled egg inside and was cheesy and delicious .
This place is horrible .
My mum loves the biscuit too .
Anyway they were nice but when I came back to pick up my order they handed me the wrong bag ( someone else 's order ) .
It came with a side of tortillas and those were delicious- actually the best part of the meal .
It was my birthday and an important one at that .
I really enjoyed the food as did everyone in our party of 7 .
That said - I 've had dinner there before & been happy !
Did I mention the fries yet ?
This was the holy grail of breakfast ! ! ! !
Me and my girlfriend decided to go for dinner this evening , and from what she told me I was pretty excited .
My personal favorite was the 10 .oz filet .
All the sides ( wasabi , ginger , soy sauce , a spicy sauce ) are in their own labeled containers .
It 's right in my neighborhood and it 's AMAZING .
The cinnamon sticks were awesome !
Every other time we have wanted to go there they have been closed .
All in all it was a really good experience to start our Nashville adventure .
The restaurant is right in the heart of Nolo .
The chorillana sauce was delicious .
The breakfast was very good .
The best part of the entire experience was the store bought chocolate cake we had for dessert , as they vacuumed around us .
I had the artichoke and crab salad - it was SO good !
I went for my second time yesterday ... and it was just as amazing as the first ! !
There 's nothing I really dislike about this place .
I had a feeling I was in for disappointment .
The location is ideal , being right next to Jackson Square .
Well , my bf and I were going to eat here for his birthday ( a Sunday night ) and off we went .
Food is so good.i love it.but I don'understand why the lady so mean for us .but that is ok .
We 've loved every meal we 've had at Ron 's , and we 've had many !
Everything was great from the service to the coffee to the eggs benedict .
The crab cake was also exemplary as was the brisket .
The lava roll was excellent .
The onion rings were better , but of course they cost almost twice as much .
-I feel like they basically want you to stay on their property the entire time !
:) and do n't worry - it looks a little sketchy outside but the inside is full of awesome decor !
We enjoyed a great meal at sbraga last night .
However , she did not remove the extra charge for the incorrect side dish we did n't order ( $ 4.00 ) .
I opted for the lasagna , and it was NASTY .
The plentiful tater tots were both hot and crispy , and by the time we were done , I was pleasantly full .
Every time we go back to N.O.
The service was great & food was amazing .
The fried chicken was very tender , subtly spiced and beautifully crisped .
I also had a chance to talk with the staff a bit , extremely friendly people , a pleasure to talk to .
They did n't skimp on the boba and it was n't overly sweet .
It was nice and ginger - y.
The sushi , like our attempt to still enjoy sharing a meal together , was just pathetic .
It was so dry and overcooked , it just saddened me at what they had done to a once lovely piece .
Although the Sarasota location is closer to our home ... we will be back to the Tyrone location .
And how did the person who answered the phone fail to tell me that when I called to ask about the wait ?
I was told the pager died for some reason .
I neeeeeded hot and sour soup .
I loved the Cavatelli so much that it 's a shame bc I do n't see myself ever wanting to order anything else .
My mother ordered sweet pototo rellenos and did n't like them at all .
1 ) There was no champagne toast
Really impressed with this place !
When we got there , it was 9 pm and had been walking around in 20degree weather , so we were down for something warm .
The taste was n't anything memorable either .
Every one enjoyed the food and atmosphere .
Every time I go in with my family I always get treated well .
The meat was very flavorful and perfectly cooked medium .
The food was pretty good , although our appetizer came out about 1 minute before our food did , which was a little frustrating .
We called at 5:00 on a Saturday , but no one answered , and no one returned my call .
We parked in front of Mojo 's ( great place to grab a cup of joe before or after ) .
Some of the slots are confusing ( I have no idea what I 'm doing !
Does this one have a bathroom ?
Who in their right mind does n't eat dressing ? ! "
Weirdest event had .
As a native New Yorker , this is my favorite pizza place in the Philly suburbs .
We stopped in for brunch , fairly busy : 1 hour and forty minutes , and no one even apologized for the wait .
its as good as it gets in university city !
Afterwards we shopped in the spice emporium and came away with the chipotle and the scotch bonnet hot sauces .
The table was n't even clean when we sat down .
the aioli that comes along with it makes me want to cry just thinking about how FUCKING GOOD it is .
The boardwalk fries best I 've had south of Ocean City Maryland !
My new favorite place in Santa Barbara !
I did n't manage to get a picture because we inhaled our pittas too quickly .
It 's baffling to me how many places do n't even offer a veggie burger at all ( they 're frozen !
Then to drive by El Nene 's on a Friday night ? !
The pizza is actually delicious .
I ordered the breakfast quesadilla , which was fantastic .
We did n't like that we had to cook ourselves because that only meant we 'd have to stay in the restaurant longer .
It 's close to my house and the perfect place to get quick take out .
The upstairs was closed because it 's winter .
which seemed like a bit much ....
The pork belly was sweet and smokey - delicious !
And he also picked us up from they ferry so we did n't have to walk in the very hot sun .
I also do n't know of any other place like this in the area , I know we will go back !
The cole slaw was awesome .
They are very busy so I guess we are of a minority opinion
Unfortunately , it was already after nine pm when they arrived and we decided to just eat what we could and call it a night .
This place is excellent beautiful clean and the food is so well presented and so very good .
We both had the Muriel 's house salad , very tasty with plenty of bacon .
I like the atmosphere of the place it 's very progressive and unique as well .
I had the fish spread again- and had forgotten about the salmon .
This our new go to spot in Reno :)
I stopped in on a few occasions during my week long visit to NOLA ( only to their Mag St.
The meat for both dishes were really good .
I had the flying fish octoberfest ?
I rented a Prius from WeCar , and asked my mother if she was up for the challenge .
Fortunately , I did have my travel guide stashed in my purse , so I whipped it out to see what they tried .
My expectations were quite high as the place was listed in the " must visit " in NOLA .
The center of the meal at Attilio 's , however , was the home - made pasta .
Sorry it is not a little closer to the Clayton area .
The last few months our visits have been promising .
We ordered coffee juice and tea and they did n't bring it .
I went to el limon for the second time last week .
We fell victim to the " SECRET CLOSE " .
Our server was prompt and friendly .
However , she was almost non - existent the entire dinner , which I did n't like .
The burger itself was well seasoned .
The food was fabulous both times !
I told her ma'am I only did it this way because of what you told me but of course she acted oblivious .
Most of the kids were well behaved , but , some were n't .
The sides , were both delicious , but that au gratin ... oh man !
This place is a dirty mess .
The sound in this theater is so quiet u can hear ur neighbors eating their food ...
I had the crab cake and the red fish , both delicious .
We actually enjoyed that and appreciated the semi - private space .
Egg rolls were ok .
What 's horrible is the fact that none of the food is prepared fresh .
Their beignets are as huge as my hand and spectacularly delicate - tasting and delicious .
The restaurant was clean and the service superb and friendly !
The thin was so / so , and the gluten free .... well .... tasted like diet pizza .
The uni by itself was a great experience !
I 'm very upset because I love the food so much , but this is unacceptable .
The outside crust was puffy and tender .
I got a good BBQ chicken today ! "
EVERYONE TOOK A BITE AND SPIT IT OUT !
I love Baileys ' Range , so when I was in town for just the weekend with 2 of my friends , I insisted that we go there .
We ordered empanadas which I was not impressed with , very dry crust .
He did not charge me for the coffee , though , at least that was OK .
We visited one morning for brunch and were very impressed !
It 's pricey , considering it comes with potato chips ( seriously guys ? !
I do like the clean , minimalist design but it was almost TOO minimalist .
But on the otherhand it was ' merkinized mexican bar food .
We sat right by the window and got to people watch on a rainy afternoon .
We waited almost 1 hour after placing the order for 2 orders of fish tacos , a child 's fried fish and a burger .
The decor is a little dated but who cares ... I was there for the food , which is fabulous ! ! !
Also the wedge salad is incredible as is the potatoes au gratin !
The staff are super nice and very accommodating .
I basically tried everything from their menu and everything 's really good .
it makes me think ( what the heck are they doing in there at night ?
The eggs benedict was good as was the 4th St.
My personal favorite is their Margarita cake - it 's just wonderful .
Finally , about five minutes later , our original server delivered the pho without a word nor any acknowledgement of a problem .
You can of course order a la carte as well .
" Simple " only being a relative term .
The owner and the 2 other guys working were just so friendly too .
Servers name was Kath , she was great !
The manager offered our drinks to be free ..
It was a little on the dry side even tho it came with a dipping sauce .
Everything was excellent , including the warm and gracious owners , Lucy and her daughter Ashley .
It was kind of misleading though because there was no broth ; it was more of a thick coconut curry with noodles .
It can get sorta busy , but that 's a good thing , right ?
This is such a cute place ! !
To clarify , the whole pickle thing struck me as odd because of both its inclusion and the overall taste of it in the gyro .
We got our order , which took a bit of time but it was okay .
E----- EDIBLE , but not fantastic ! !
When I asked the waiter if she could be made to leave ( Florida Clean Air Act ) , his reply was , " No , the ashtray is there . "
I do n't know why , but when each time I 've walked by the cafe , I 've only been in the mood for drink instead of real food .
Ate there today , food was slow and overall bad .
This is genuinely my favorite restaurant in the whole world .
We were just leaving as the salsa lessons began .
I think they 're MUCH better than in and out or five guys - which taste like paper to me .
My husband and I are visiting Nashville from Chicago ( go cubs ) .
We sat at a pretty hectic lunch at Johnny rockets in the casino .
i just grabbed a quick latte .
I am so so so glad I got a chance to go .
The Riverbend was delicious .
The waiter did n't fill up my water until I pointed it out .
The calamari was really surprising for me .
Me and my husband love it so much we had our rehearsal dinner here the night before our wedding .
It was also cold to the touch , and the accompanying rice pilaf was super dry .
Had a nice stay here over the July 4 weekend .
It 's a pretty casual restaurant .
Bossman got the porkchop that was about 4 inches thick ( no kidding ) and I got the bourbon chicken .
I wanted to like this place as the food was good but they crammed our party of 11 into a single booth which ruined the night .
The one thing I can say that was the most amazing was the waffles .
Authentic is the best description ! !
I went here at 10 a.m.
The riverbend and champagne au poir we quite tasty .
The service and food was excellent .
Really an awesome experience .
I did n't really like the pizza .
We want to go back for the bananas foster pancakes , they looked delicious !
Since there was n't a lot of dinner consumed , we did order some ice cream which was just okay .
( YAAAY ) so I scarfed down two in the car and one when I got home .
By the time I was home I did n't want to drive back and explain myself .
Two people other than the waiter came by to say hello to us .
It was our Golden Anniversary last night , 6 years on the 6th ...
Reminds me of a time when my Dad and I would go to his favorite " spoon " for breakfast after we cleaned my uncles bar .
Staff and other patrons were very friendly .
The server was great , and we even got to meet Nina and Larry !
Actually really like their coconut soup .
We had the caprese salad , the Diavalo and Bianca pizzas and everything was outstanding .
One step up and to the side is an elevated floor , where we sat .
He provided incredible customer service and worked his tail off the entire time we were there .
And they where open during a snow storm ....... Loved It ! !
Oh holy cow , that is one awesome explosion in your mouth .
We also got the fried calamari and it was ok , very salty I could n't eat much ..
So the problem did n't end there .
So friendly and knowledge .
Sharisse was our server again and she was super .
The sauce was so good .
I feel like it takes forever even there was a lot of table .
The red beans were pretty good .
It 's amazing what you can do tucked into a little nook in the heart of Bellevue .
Very sweet and quaint little Italian restaurant .
The atmosphere and decor was upbeat , colorful , CLEAN , and so cozy .
There was no feeling whatsoever that we were being rushed , or could n't get service .
We all loved the chicken soup .
There 's sofas outside and it 's an eyesore !
I had the ribeye .
I was not at all pleased with the chocolate cake ( i love cake ) BUT my friends bread pudding was pretty tasty !
The mushroom soup was superb and the sucking pig did not suck !
A wonderful surprise .
We definitely enjoyed our food .
It is located in a strip mall , however once you get inside it is beautifully and authentically decorated .
Very sorry to say , I have n't returned and probably wo n't unless someone throws a party there .
We got the Taiwanese meat ball , beef chow fun , and a mango smoothie .
It was the toughest yeast donut I can recall eating .
It 's a very busy place at lunch but the wait time was only about ten minutes .
The V - Jack is a gut busting , juice dripping , artery clogging , tongue pleasing work of art .
She even said farewell to us after leaving the place as she was walking to her car .
I do n't know the prices I just piled a bunch of Chinese food in my container and paid 9 dollars .
My sister asked for dressing on the side and it was a big bowl of dressing .
They are in a nice location so at least if you decide to wait , then you have things to see ...
We had pepperoni and bacon , which was amazing !
I usually would not drive so far out of my way for a restaurant , but we came here with some family and I am so glad we did !
She did n't know us from Adam , but we left there feeling like regulars .
And the rice was cold and mushy .
I just received my Doberge cake in the mail , and must say it is the highlight of this birthday month !
Other places seem " Americanized " to me , but not KG .
We did decide to eat there since bagels and lox can get messy .
Before it even reached the table we could see an onion draped across the chop in the gravy .
Really nice experience .
After almost 3 hrs ( ! ) I was full and well entertained - I highly recommend the experience .
The steak was one of the best steaks I 've ever eaten ! ! ! !
I went for dinner over the weekend with some friends , and we were very disappointed .
The menu did look fascinating , and while the food was not too expensive , it did seem a bit pricy for being bar food .
Gave a nice tip when it FINALLY arrived only to find out the order was totally wrong and missing items .
Only one worker was manning the front .
Ca n't speak about the food , since we never made it that far .
The food is French German influence so if you do n't like that then this is n't the place for you .
The pita served with it tasted fresh and hot and our server was quick to refill our basket when we ran low .
Server also communicated to us that no one took the time to review the ordering process with him prior to opening ...
But I was so disappointed by our visit Friday evening that I was compelled to update my review with these details .
It was greasy and very rich so I could only manage to eat half even though I was n't exactly full .
The red plastic seemed to be the plastics that tie off bread packages .
So my assumption is they had staff call off and those that were there did the best they could .
The staff were extremely pleasant .
But like i said , the pho was bomb.com !
In the end , he paid for our meals .
I went back for both three times and still ca n't decide which was the best .
Overall highly recommended - it also looks like a good place for dinner ...
The staff , the food , the owner Guthrie , all amazing !
I think of this place fondly .
Uh no , it 's 40 degrees and raining out .
I had the clam chowder and lobster tacos ( picture ) and my boyfriend had the lobster pasta .
The churros with ice cream were pretty amazing .
Had lunch here on Monday and the entire experience was great .
However , we came back the night after for solely the happy hour 50 cents oysters ! ! !
The pastrami was just okay .
That 's when the other couple and my not - shy wife complained , and the manager came over and apologized and did the right thing .
They actually have some healthy options ... and get this- the healthy options actually taste good .
The Quesidillas and steak was excellent .
after a wait(I know how much it takes being here before ) we got our pizza and beer but no hummus ..
She was in such a hurry did n't even seem like she was listening .
All of our entrees were fine , just average .
The salmon and red snapper were really good and so was the tempura .
Oh and their cakes are amazing too !
The bedroom door was closed when she got there and she asked them to open it up .
The grilled cheese was terrific .
The Brussels sprouts were perfect !
I explained to her why I brought it with me and she offered me milk or cream ( ca n't have it ) .
Too bad they ran out of limoncello ( their namesake item ! ! ! ) before we finished our meal .
Me bring a huge GOT fan got the " white walker " both were good as were the pizzas !
I ordered a side cesaer salad and it was delicious .
The green beans were amazing !
It 's kind of like a sweet soy sauce .
it is n't my favorite spot on the beach , but I do have a sentimental spot for it in my heart .
They rated the spice at a four , but honestly I found it pretty mild .
It becomes more annoying the longer you sit there because it 's unavoidable and a terrible design flaw .
Food was very salty and not at all authentic .
The service provided by Lexi , Gina and Alan was excellent .
The hot dog was AWESOME .
I walked in and immediately loved the energy and design of the place .
The portions were very large ( especially the duck ) .
My coworker and I took two buses to get there .
We love El Limon and we especially love the Malvern location since they added the dining room .
We had the Penne Alla Vodka , Chicken Fingers , French Fries ( delish ) , Roast Beef and green beans .
The food is delicious and well presented .
It 's called the biscuit skillet , but honestly - I detected not one single bite of biscuit .
Another waitress brings us the receipt without us asking for it or explaining where our meal is .
i have n't even tasted them yet and it 's a shame because from the looks ...
Oh , and dude in the skullcap could n't make eye contact .
Food hit the spot and the whole experience was wonderful .
I asked him to clarify the point of that statement .
Our waitress was super nice , and asked a little bit about what we were doing in New Orleans .
but it 's a muuuuuch better alternative .
A friend from OK flew in for the RIB Cook - off .
We left cash because we were afraid to give a cc because it would have taken another 30 minutes to get it back .
There is window bar - style seating which is kind of diner - ish .
Ca n't wait to return to Marrakesh the next time I 'm here !
This is , hands down , my favorite place for breakfast , ever .
The tacos were great , especially the handmade tortillas and the carne asada .
My mouth waters thinking of it now .
They told me it was farm catfish but it tasted like the catfish I used to catch out of a lake near my house as a little kid .
I used to live in ventura and fell in love with Pizza Man Dans there - SO I was thrilled to find out one opened here in carp !
Sabrina our waitress was great too .
I ordered Ropa vieja with sweet Plantains .
We were looking for a place to watch the sunset and were attracted by the location of the hotel plus the music .
After much deliberation between various items , I ordered the chicken and waffles and in the words of DJ Tanner , OH MY LANTA .
Overall it was a lovely experience at a local neighborhood eatery .
All dishes were well prepared and tasty .
Overall , it was mediocre food for an extremely long wait .
The waitress Amanda was attentive and served with a smile .
Overall a wonderful experience with superb service !
The guy bought it out , lit it on fire , said " Opa ! "
My mouth is watering just thinking about this place .
I saw the movie " waiting " .
Its never very busy here , but i think that will change when the word gets out .
The sauce was tangy and spicy , but not overly so .
So after we corrected him and picked up or pizza , we got back and opened it up and it was ALL SAUSAGE .
Food came out quickly and was very good .
I told her I was n't interested in a potato so she told me my options and I went with their spanish rice .
My husband and I went to Moto on a date night , not a special occasion .
Our appetizer had a dead fly in it and we were told by a manager we would get 10 % off ...
Funny thing is , when I got my receipt , all of the modifications were there .
The people working here were nice .
Even the flower in the case on our table was dead .
Larry 's Steaks , situated by St.
The potato salad and sauerkraut were amazing .
Gross - right in the trash .
The pineapple coconut curry was also mediocre .
In addition , it provides various baked goods , although I 've had a really dry , stale brownie from there ( A big no - no !
My favorite menu item is the potato pizza .
While this is n't normally served on the side , we thought it should be , since we did n't even touch the ketchup .
The burger we ordered , I do n't remember the name but it had pork belly on it , was really juicy and was delicious .
The Fish and chips were hot but the pieces were very small , it was n't what we expected .
Fantastic happy hour .
My first time - wo n't be last ! ! !
The pretzel bites with cheese sauce were very tasty .
The chow mein just did not taste good at all - I ca n't quite tell you what was wrong with it but I just did not like it .
We got there and sat for over an hour .
But everything was poorly executed and the manager never stopped by to apologize , our server never apologized .
In all it was a lousy dinner and when the bill came we were lost for words .
Furthermore when I asked who I was speaking to she would n't give me her name .
Bonus points : The chef worked at one of my favorite restaurants in NY .
My fiance and I went there for a late lunch .
We ordered , cooked or grilled , ate , enjoyed the conversation .
Food and service , as usual , was spectacular .
Was bad taste .
To be fair , I 've only visited No Anchovies once and it was a place that I 've been meaning to check out for a while now .
And it wasint the dough that tasted like beer it was sauce or cheese ugh ....
Wow , that was a huge order !
In the end , I could n't finish the whole sandwich , especially after tasting how orgasmic the mac & cheese was .
The soup was very pickle - y , not lightly pickle - y , but I loved it .
I spoke with Ellen and confirmed 6 raspberry , 6 strawberry , and 6 lemon to be picked up Saturday at 10:30 .
The salad was in a small bowl and had a nice ginger soy dressing .
Not just the Food was off the hook , but the wait staff was very attentive .
When I 've called in to other places , they usually talk real fast and ca n't wait to drop you before finishing your order .
Only reason I give 4 stars is because I asked for them to write a joke on the box and they did n't .
My mom went with the featured Cyprus breakfast and what looked like hash browns is actually a greek styled cheese , very delish .
Walked in at 10:03 and cashier was super rude like we were an inconvenience .
We 'll go if we 're in the area and want a brew , but wo n't go out of our way to stop here .
The lamb was n't quite as tender as I expected ( though not tough by any means ) and the vindaloo was tasty and satisfying .
Love the marghritra , downieville and mushtacheride pizzas .
I was told that the Chinese staff is responsible for making the food which makes the food experience seem very authentic .
They were extremely prompt and the driver Henry was so nice .
Then you charged me 25 cents for the 5 little pickles you gave me ?
Very good hole in the wall .
The drinks , especially the mojito , were good too .
I will certainly return next time I go to St.
It took them 40 minutes to let us know that a beer we ordered was no longer available .
DO NOT GO TO This place if you are in a hurry in expect your order should be what you ordered .
I was n't sure what I 'd find at Hendricks but I was pleasantly surprised as I was driving through the neighborhood .
The lemon cake we shared for dessert was delicious - very light and refreshing .
The female cashier was very friendly ( flirtatious ! ) and the pastries shown in nicely adorned display cases .
They are tucked away on the side of the shopping complex and easy to miss .
The rubbery exterior I can certainly attribute to them having been made well in advance of our arrival , but the lack of spice ? ?
It 's a shame they did n't clean the place otherwise I would have been happy to give them a five - star .
The service was wonderful , as well .
This place was recommended by someone on my friend 's flight from Houston into St Louis .
The food was really great and still warm and fresh when brought to us .
Though it is convenient we will go to the one in Creve Coeur .
Prices were pretty good
Waiter seemed impatient with my friend 's pesca - vegetarian dietary restriction .
The beef with broccoli was great- the meat was very tender and the flavors were all very good .
They always take care of us really well when we come here .
She and I both agreed on this pizza without much hesitation .
We could not even flag anyone to refill our waters .
but i took a bite of my friend 's fried chicken sandwich and it was better than what i ordered .
The food was way overpriced .
Everything about this place makes me SOOO happy .
I mean to a detrimental degree .
We had high hopes of this spot because of the photo I saw on Best Food New O Instagram page .
The candle center piece in the center of the table was glued down so one has to eat to the side of the table ... very strange .
Overall , the meal was just average but pretty pricey .
What stroke of good luck .
I did n't remember seeing sprouts on the menu , but no big deal ... I just picked them off .
We waited 10 minutes for a server , over 20 minutes for drinks and almost an hour for our food !
After considering the hotel 's location in the French Quarter , it makes a lot of sense though , and turned to be worth it .
I overheard this lady raving about how delicious her burger was , so I had to order it the next time we ate there .
I love sitting in the patio area with the view of Euclid .
Will definitely return here ~ Arlyn
When ordering I asked if the story was accurate and was told that it was .
The staff was extremely helpful and friendly .
The pretzels were good and warm .
I took the kids here for lunch the other day while they were on Spring Break .
My waitress Ashley was one of a kind and during a dinner rush was quick to check on us throughout our meal .
The steak was decent .
I 'm still giddy from this dinner ; indulge me here .
Ohhh yeah ca nt forget the waitress we had was super sweet and kind !
She made sure that everyone had full drink , and took a accurate order from us .
The fried rice was fair but nothing memorable .
The regular dining formalities I 'm used to were thrown out the window , and it was fantastic !
My fiancé loves the show its always sunny and so we figured why not !
This was n't surprising as most of the staff spent 80 % of their time outside smoking and laughing[with their aprons on ] .
The pasta , which was either orecchiette or tortellini was al dente ...
and my server said , " no , sorry , the kitchen wo n't do that . "
The Soup du Jour was potato and was good .
Its pretty far out from center Tucson but worth the drive .
App , main meal and dessert .
The boyfriend and I arrived just when they opened for the day , but our appetizers and mie did n't take long to come out .
Not sure what to expect I was then actually surprised the food was as good as it was .
The black cod , sourced from Vancouver Island , was done to perfection and supremely moist .
Overall we had a great experience here .
The beer was fantastic , lol , which made the dinner better .
The top shelf margarita was perfect and we loved the pork pastor and the red drum .
I definitely over - ate because the meal was so delicious .
It is a cute place , not big at all but very homey .
I got a mint chocolate waffle cone , and it was delicious .
To my surprise , the restaurant on Clayton , though a bit farther to drive to , is a bit on the dressier side .
The curry was good but the sauce was very thin and the only veggies were green and red peppers .
Best breakfast in West ! ! ! !
Their falafel was delicious ! !
We ended the meal with $ 5 mimosas .
I 'm not exaggerating , guys .
This place is so cool ...
When we finished our food and the waiter gave us our check we still have n't received our to go order .
Fruit was n't perfectly fresh , my only minor complaint .
We were too busy devouring every last morsel !
I ordered some nigiri as well as some rolls , and the fish was decently fresh .
She called me multiple times and made sure to get my address and deliver it .
That 's perfectly fine it is a rainy night and I expected it to be a little wait .
Everyone got something a bit different , but the results were uniform .
I realized the mistake early this morning and called Shepard 's .
Came here last Friday for vacation and after a long drive it was worth it !
My friends mentioned that many of the celebrities who live in Montecito love to eat here as well .
The fresh mint lemonade was amazing .
This is a great place for creole soul food in the Marigny , right near all the clubs on Frenchman .
I got a side order of the battered green beans .
We went to their Jazz brunch and it was fantastic !
( I m very glad I did ) my children was in here fighting over the mac & cheese .
The server was luckily for us relatively attractive because the other 3 walking around looked like they were methheads .
The food was excellent !
The service was friendly and genuine .
I was SO disappointed by this place !
The marinara sauce was divine .
Enjoyed the visit and the jazz music was very pleasant .
It 's only a mile away from downtown and a free shuttle ?
My dad got the pork chop .
Alas , another visit to our once MOST favorite donut shop was again a disappointment .
Sorry i ca n't remember his name - but he gave us a 5 - star service quality !
We 've ordered takeout and we 've eaten in the restaurant .
If the experience was like ours tonight , your guests will certainly leave with the wrong impression of the people of St.
We were seated right away and had a perfectly attentive waitress .
Our waitress was very funny and friendly .
Perfect time .
He said the penne noodles were done al dente and the sauce was a traditional marinara .
All in all , a great experience .
Stopped in here for breakfast and it was delicious !
Reginelli 's is a great little pizzeria with a convenient location in Uptown .
Loved our server as well , he was extremely chill .
the Ceasar salad was pretty bad .
TL;DR Do n't judge a book by it 's cover .
But y' all want to know about the food , right ?
The most amazing thing I had was the fried fish .
All in all , a pretty good experience .
i do nt offer tip when you busy then :))) ) Who fking cares ! !
There were three of us , so we asked for saucers so we could try each other 's dishes .
I got the veggie wrap and my husband got the spinach and feta wrap .
We are from Chicago best sea food in Tampa ! ! !
He was really nice and answered our questions but he did offer to go over the specials .
Sam totally messed up the order .
Must have when in the Franklin area !
I also tasted a friend 's shrimp creole , which was only ok .
Just make sure to be hungry because there is nothing " small " going on in that place .
We boarded the boat at exactly 11 am ( do n't be late because the boat is pretty prompt when leaving ) .
This restaurant is a must when stopping in St.
We came about 6:00 on a Friday night , which seemed to be a good time .
I wo n't be going back , which is a shame because I liked the place and the fried seafood was well above average .
I was nervous when they said they did n't have kaiser rolls so I went with a hamburger roll .
What really completed the taste was the cinnamon .
Were n't aware of the BYOB policy ; therefore it was a very sober dinner .
A few favorites : The strange bacon , iDonut , and the fritters !
The only thing I had to comment on was that the beef brisket was too dry .
overall the food itself was good , but the ambience was a little lacking bc of the emptiness .
It 's so fresh and clean , that they leave the empty uni shell as a center piece with its spines still wiggling .
All and all the floor was dirty and the food was terrible minus desert .
I must say to " Chris " thanks for all the support thru the years .... you are the best .
The fries were crispy and very good .
Favorite quick place to eat at .
I had never had it and we actually ordered a second order .
Ok no big deal , it was strange that it was n't listed that way on the menu but whatever .
This is , of course , fair .
The broth was garlicky and delicious and the lobster artichoke dip was also quite good .
I actually left there and went across the street to Charlie 's .
We had to take turns with strangers watching the door so we would n't be walked in on .
highly recommend it and sit on the patio if you can ! !
The noodles were not as al dente as I would have liked and it was a touch salty , but overall I liked it .
We finally had a reason to be in Goodlettsville a couple weeks ago , and I 'm so glad I got to enjoy this cute little restaurant .
I did put some of the chipotle sauce that came with our fries ( separate purchase ) and it was pretty good , but not necessary .
The paleek paneer and briyani were amazing !
that being said , when the pizza finally did come out , it was pretty tasty , albeit very greasy .
We ordered various dishes : tri - tip , rotisserie chicken , pulled pork and a veggie burrito .
I 'm pretty impressed with this place .
I thought the produce section at this location was very tastefully displayed and well - stocked .
3 . ) Pignoli cookie : Was told by my regular bartender to get this specifically from Potitos .
We ended up leaving with some really sweet prizes .
Our server was excellent .
Picked chicken and beef , and the beef was the winner .
This pathetic sandwich resulted in $ 10 floating in the toilet .
The ribs were perfectly done and delicious .
The hostess sat us and the older manager was visibly not happy with where we were seated in the restaurant .
It looks like somebody went to Pro Image at the mall to decorate the place .
The bread was light , airy and soft , like biting into a cloud .
Our two friends had skillet tacos , one chicken and one pescado , which they both loved .
The prices were very comfortable .
We must have arrived at the absolute worst time on a Sunday morning -- had to wait a Loooooong time for table .
Honestly , we just ended up splitting the two dishes , as it was too hard to resist either of them .
It had a weird smell , was very soupy , and felt very light on the noodles .
It was juicy and the sauce was like crack .
Unfortunately we recently visited because of our prior visit and it was n't the same .
We hesitated to visit Suegra based on the early reviews - and boy are we glad we decided to give them a chance ! !
We ordered some sort of Greek cake that was dense and dry .
When we got our bill there was no adjustment or complimentary dessert or ...... apology .
I basically created my account to talk about how much I loved this place .
It 's quiet , and small - maybe 40 seater , with 12 of those seats outside .
We ended up sitting outside and although the view is n't terrific ( parking garage ) the company was great .
We came in to Cru for wine Wednesday and had such a great time .
I did see empty tables inside however even though we had reservations they would not seat us inside .
We were lucky to find free parking right in front , but I 'm sure that 's not the case all of the time .
Brigantessa 's prices were about the same .
The shrimp and oysters were flash fried to perfection .
Ironically , the most expensive dish we ordered , was the biggest disappointment .
The food was fast and hot .
Overall , it was a good meal .
We got good service from beginning to end .
But most importantly the food was amazing !
Both the green and brown sauces were amazing .
Used to be a treat to go here and now it is just really expensive .
The beignets were so bad that we did n't even eat them .
We told them yes for my husband and I.
We got hungry around 11:30 pm found these guys on yelp and they delivered our order to our hotel .....
We went to Red Mesa Cantina 3/26/17 as a party of five .
The accompanying sauces were quite good .
The food was salty and unedible .
The biggest surprise was the apple straddle .
She came back and set all bills on each table , rather than hand them to all of us , with no apology , turned and walked away .
I ca n't remember the exact cake I got but it was AMAZING .
Lets not leave out the FREE wifi !
He immediately recognized me as a new customer and told me all about the fresh ingredients he uses .
We got the crudo pizza and the margerita pizza .
Sashimi and sushi were very fresh and dashi in every dish was flavorful .
This restaurant seems to be disjointed .
I wanted to like this place because we live up the street but we just feel ripped off and no one seems to care .
Since we were in New Orleans and there was too much food to eat , did n't want to stuff my face before dinner .
it 's a race to see who gets the last piece first !
The area is kind of spotty and we almost drove past the place the first time , but the inside is nice enough .
Streetcar went straight down to Bourbon after the show but I wish I 'd stayed longer !
The cashier greeted me , and I paid for my food .
Servers were very nice friendly and attentive .
We started out with a very friendly server who took our drink orders and appetizer order & told us about the soup of the day .
The jelly that came with them was delicious .
This is the real deal .
My coworker was sober and said it was good so I 'll take her word for it .
Views of the Gulf are a great compliment to the food .
It was definitely a mixed bag .
My boyfriend and I came during lunch .
I got the Boulder Shake Chocolate Porter-- it was great !
Its dark from the outside and pretty easy to miss , even with the marquee sign outside .
One of our favorite rolls was the Aloha roll , which was cucumber wrapped salmon , seaweed , mango & tuna .
So the food was really good and the ambiance was nice , sitting by the lake .
During lunchtime the place is lower - key but at night ( especially weekend nights ) it 's a more bustling kind of atmosphere .
The staff were very friendly and helpful .
This place is small , actually it 's tiny .
this place was so awesome .
It was n't fish night so that might have affected the quality .
The potatoes were the best !
Cake Life is one of my favorite bakeries - and I 've only been there once !
Our first visit to Revolucion was terrific .
Angie is one of the sweetest people and makes you feel so very welcomed !
It was a short walk and an easy decision to go into the bar .
Food was good ....
I ca n't argue with this statement .
Everyone who worked at Bluewater Grill was exceptionally polite , thoughtful and welcoming .
Had the crossaint sandwich and the quiche is amazing ! ! !
We had the email with the confirmation so went back to the register to ask about it .
The service was incredible and friendly .
Expensive but soooo worth the enjoyment and the experience .
( what else can I say ? ) The food here was really good , it 's a tasty breakfast / lunch place .
Ill probably go back , but I would n't if there was a better option as close to my house .
On the 31st floor , there 's free breakfast food for those who stayed on that floor ... and I got up there and ate ! !
Been to Sam 's a few times now and its always a good experience .
they do nt have a menu first off , and i m not a coffee connoisseur , so i was a little thrown off .
There is n't a single bad thing about this place .
The rest of us ordered , and the food came out shortly there after .
We split a Margherita pizza , sausage Sicilian slice , Salsiccia and a Crudo .
No red cream soda .
The lady who owns it is extremely nice and friendly .
My personal favorite ?
Both dishes were just OK .
You made my night .
This was my second visit to a chik fil a.
Every last dish was amazing .
All the dishes were delicious .
Bring your sunglasses when you come here in case it becomes a good day and you can sit out and do the same !
Avoid this place at all costs
The lettuce were pieces torn and thrown on a plate resembling no shells served with care .
It was 11 pm so the first place we tried had already closed their kitchen .
The food itself was ok , but generally pretty bland .
The pralines were gritty , but tasty .
Inside is a whole different story .
I ordered a Fajita wrap , sweet potato fries and ginger soda .
It was beautiful presentation , even better taste .
The waiters and waitresses are dressed in korean outfits too .
Plopped down with our beers from next door , and took in the jazz band that was playing under a tent .
My new favorite dish as this place .
it was pretty decent and it came out very fast which was a plus .
We had a large group ( 12 ) with us including kids ( ages 10 - 14 ) , parents and grandparents .
Anyway , we stopped in , and shared a salad and Greek quesadillas ( I think they gave it a quirky name but I ca n't remember it ) .
My sister and I both found a long piece of black hair in our omlets ! !
Dark hair girl : was so rude she basically told us she did n't want to serve us .
The fries were also really good .
The burger was cooked to my request and was delicious ! ! ! !
The guy that took my order was super nice .
It was way over cooked to Beijing like the old saying dry as a bone .
The green beans were a nice touch .
Instead of spaghetti , I had penne .
I literally had to pry her away from ordering more ; I do n't blame her at all though because the food was damn good .
Mussels and pot stickers were ordered to be sampled .
Noticed there was n't any else and that should have been a red flag .
Went for restaurant week on 1/19/18 , very good food and great staff .
At restaurants like Duling - Kurtz we call them " Frites " , god dammit :-)
Chris asked that we let him know when we wanted to give the restaurant a second chance , but we decided not to .
Everything was fresh , flavorful , and cooked to perfection .
Definitely had higher expectations due to the chef 's name attached .
I loved berix !
My first impression was the cleanliness .
I watched her from the moment I stood in line till I left and she did not make one crepe for the three of us .
The guy was real nice too .
But the cherry on top the night , of course , was dessert .
This place was packed when we went , but we were able to get a table outside .
The two female employees behind the counter were n't friendly .
The burrito and tacos were very bland but edible .
She took the order and brought out the pizza in a timely fashion .
Once the food arrived , it was VERY good ...
Where I was sitting i had a fantastic view of the Gulf .
Not the nicest last few sips .
It came with fries too and those were cooked really well .
They were older / middle aged , every other word was a swear and they were obnoxious to the servers .
I ordered the stuffed shells & chicken parmagiana .
The staff was very nice and welcoming .
The hostess dropped her jaw and shook her head and said it would be a twenty minute wait .
The second time we came , I ordered the crab cake sandwich .
I was staying a week in Marigny near the French quarter and just walked in off the street .
As an employer , Sohail is very friendly and welcoming to the refugee community which is so important .
The fries were pretty good , however .
I went with a party of six ( they take reservations , thankfully ) , and we did BYOB .
I 'm blaming the chairs .
I mean there were 6 of us and we waited for about an hour , from doorway to trays .
A little too salty for my preference , but it was still delicious .
It 's been over 6 years since I 've come to the Main Line , and we have n't visited the same restaurant twice .
But it was so juicy that I forgive them that one piece !
After we left , we found out we were missing not 2 rolls like last time , but 4 ! !
The fried oysters come on the side but I put them inside the sandwich and it tasted even better !
The waitress was very nice .
We notice there are several groups of servers standing and talking to each other , so it 's not that there was a lack of servers .
We came in on a Sunday evening .
The second time i went , i got to try weekend special ( curry chicken ) and crispy frog legs ( sounds odd ? ) nah , it was delicious !
my family on the other hand had a particularly bad experience 2 months ago .
My husband and I went here for lunch .
The same was true for the interior .
The tables have toys and games on display under glass which is really cool .
Our waiter , who was maybe 45 , took FOREVER to even take our order .
The Tri - tip tacos were delicious ! ! !
Also ordered at the table were the Eggs Benedict and the Fried Oyster Sliders , they were also enjoyed very much .
When I saw they were here , I walked up to the mean women and informed her my party was complete .
Our waitress ( Ivana ) was over to introduce herself and take our drink order .
My wife and I went here yesterday for our last dinner of our NOLA vacation .
A very nice waitress seated us in the back at a large round table , and we had drinks & menus in no time at all .
I was very surprised that the tacos I had was so delicious .
Of all the grits I tasted over the course of my trip these were the best .
The biscuit was a lot bigger than I was expecting .
The food comes out quickly .
The BBQ Vegan Pulled Pork was delicious , as were the sweet potato fries and collared greens .
Ca n't wait for a return visit !
And I 'll tell you what , Bill our server was excellent .
The soup was fine .
I visited my sister in LA and she sprung on the great surprise that we were headin ' to Santa Barbara for the weekend .
The atmosphere is very pretty but waaaaay too tight , and the cakes LOOK very nice ... but that is IT !
The saving grace of this place was its salsa .
Our entrees came out in a timely manner and was exactly what we wanted .
Both meals were great ! !
We came for a friend 's birthday , free for him and we all got all you can eat and it was fantastic !
Even the Ethiopian iced tea was unique and added to the experience .
Whatever you do , DON"T forget to order the plum sake !
The service was a little discombobulated ... we had 3 different servers .
We saw other groups ( including some of our colleagues ) come and go in the time it took for us to get our food .
So she was nauseous and did n't eat the rest of her fries .
We probably wo n't go back to this place .
I was impressed with the overall size of the bathroom and the comfortableness of the bed !
I refuse to go back there after that ordeal , which is a shame , because it 's nice to have a variety of places to go to after DT .
I had the lite plate .
I do n't get the fuss .
It was presented in a beautiful manner .
We had the asparagus and artichoke appetizers and they were nice , but nothing special .
Pretty much the best place to get boba tea and shaved ice in the St.
The quality of the meat was ok .
Overall , our second dining experience was great .
The wait staff was very attentive & professional , the food was exceptional & the timing the food came out was perfect .
Hendel 's is that special kind of place .
The staff are attentive and willing to answer questions .
Considering the outstanding reviews of Modesto , my experience was kind of a let down .
The Rueben cheesesteak was good too !
The cutlet was really tasty and the salad .
The people who work here are also very friendly .
Sorry to see the previous negative review from last night ; sounds like they had a bad / off night with staffing .
We got there at around 10 pm on a Saturday night and it was n't that busy .
There was a fight going on between two couples next to us over a seat .
Our server was nice , and we joked with him about the silly flower in a very knock - over - able vase .
My bf and his friends have been regulars there for years so the people at the restaurant know them by name and face .
Great place right near the beach .
Rodalee provided top notch service ! !
We had reservations .
Potatoes that came with it were of strange color and did n't taste the way they were suppose to .
For good reason , too : the Haven burger I ordered was fantastic .
It 's lunch time , you 're located downtown , it 's your busiest time .
The crab cakes were dry and the corn bread was burned .
All my friends were jealous that they did n't get one too .
- Our server ( same ) is very friendly and recognized us every single time .
My last name is Carbone .
The potatoes were also gross , tasted like old dirty potatoes that were microwaved .
My mother handed her her card , she took it and came back with the receipts .
The restaurant was fairly priced and the food was average .
Very fatty buuuut thick cuts and the parts we could eat were amazing .
I was looking at the menu and I had a question and I asked one of the staff .
The sweet potato and pork nachos were okay .
-the wait for the elevator in the morning was over 10 minutes .
I also hated the people there .
But it could have been an off night .
I do n't know where his too cool for you attitude came from , I think he had us pegged as tourists as soon as we sat down .
I got the grilled chicken and brie sandwich .
In previous visits , the staff was very friendly and accommodating .
Loved the cauliflower sandwich too , Great place !
I ordered the Cedar Plank Salmon and my husband ordered the Crab Cakes .
I 'd appreciate the following : 1 . ) Before pouring me a refill , it would have been nice to let me know it ai n't free .
When I enter restaurant , 3 waitress look at me and not say a word .
I do n't think I 'll be going back , it left a bad taste in my mouth .
We never felt rushed even though it was a friday night and the place was packed .
A highlight of our trip to Tucson for sure !
Boyfriend had the duck poutine app ( he loved it ) and I had the kale salad .
The entire tiny kitchen is visible from the dining room .
We 've been to Growler 's several times and enjoyed our visits , however , tonight 's ( 11/8 ) service was atrocious .
We enjoyed their Tom Kai soup with the Pumkin Curry ( Mine had Tofu and My companion 's had Shrimp and Chicken ) .
It was also a bit difficult to hold a conversation because it was so loud during dinner .
She brought them happily to me and the salsa was much better .
The meringue was yummy .
Should 've ordered grilled cheese .
We had a short wait on Sunday -- hostess said 30 minutes , but it was a little over 15 .
The tablecloths need to be burned and buried .
In less than 10 minutes our sandwich babies were born ( no really , they were so heavy , it was awesome ! ) .
The restaurant itself is beautiful and very relaxing .
Service was just OK since we had to carryout and put up the outside umbrella ourselves .
Please do not eat there but the beer was good .
The restaurant was loud and the tables were too close .
We got here aroumd 9 and even though they were very busy , we got taken back in under 3 minutes .
I do n't know that they know anything about Mexican cuisine , but then again , the choice of name should have told me that .
Rosemary 's Grill is my favorite resaurant .
Sadly we live 40 mins away but the menu and the staff were great !
What I expected dining in the French Quarter to be like .
The people who work there are rude , indifferent , and sullen .
I ordered the " chicken sandwich " .
Rolls tasted so fresh and flavors " popped " .
( There was a man on the street playing and I thought it was music the restaurant was piping around us .
We also got a couple Cava Ultimate margs with repasado - they were very yummy .
She had a terrible attitude the whole time and acted like she did n't want to be there at all .
I mean , yes , it was very oily but it was n't like ... drenched in oil .
Overall it was an extremely disappointing experience , from the food to the service .
The seeded roll was the winner .
Sweet potato fries were soggy and gross , sadly .
I 'd understand this if you could n't access the patio , but theirs is easily accessible from the front door and the street .
Obviously , i skipped the ham portion , but it was very tasty !
We loved everything , everyone 's food was fresh and tasty .
Louis and I liked the pizza so much that I had to come back .
Our server Erin was awesome ...
We also ordered a side of fried green tomatoes , which were pretty good .
One of my favorite sb pizza joints .
The wait was about 25 minutes , but there were 5 of us and we asked for a table .
Burnt ends were delicious !
This is a rather exciting place to have to lunch .
We ( my boo and I ) pre - ordered 9 fancies and a 1/2 honey - ginger chicken to celebrate Superbowl Sunday .
She helped us with our choices of food as well as her extremely fast and very friendly service .
this is a near perfect place .
Initially I only saw one server which had me a little concerned .
Waited over 2 hours for our order .
The service was very slow , with the whole experience taking over three hours .
Went for breakfast and got the Elvis French toast and it was so delicious !
We split a few appetizers .
Chef Poon is so much fun .
The entrees were amazing .
The chicken had great flavor , and it was nice and moist .
She indicated she would return in a moment to place our order .
The restaurant appeared to be very clean and the staff was friendly .
before we left for our cruise ; everything was HOT AND FRESH .
Edit : I let them know it was n't great and they only charged me for one roll .
The owner and staff were wonderful as well !
When we arrived we asked what the wait time would be .
We found our new favorite place .
She explained the menu and handed me the order forms to make my own sushi roll or sushi bowl .
The service was pretty good you seat yourself and they kind of leave you alone which I do n't mind .
It 's a nice late night spot .
The staff was really friendly and kind and all of our food took minutes to receive .
This place was disgusting !
Those people do n't deserve it .
The falafels are light and crispy and hummus creamy and tasty .
The crawfish bisque was fantastic .
This is the second poor experience we 've had here .
The fresh OJ was ridiculously fresh ( as expected ) and lived up to our high expectations .
Tried 3 different ones and all delicious .
That being said , it is absolutely worth every filthy cent .
The cost for lunch was somewhat expensive I thought .
My favorite meal in Tucson .
The chicken was burnt on our quinoa and kale salad .
But we got nothing to stir it up with , so the wine just sat there on top .
While it was n't our favorite dish of the night it was still delicious .
They were perfectly cooked and covered in miso aoli with shredded tuna flakes on top .
Ca n't go wrong with the cheese steaks and the onion rings are nothing to laugh at .
It came out really quickly , definitely less than 10 minutes after ordering .
it 's a bunch of raw fish wrapped in cucumber .
Cute Mexican place right on the corner across from the fountain in Fountain Square .
A few days ago I read Jackie W. 's review of SLNPC and I knew that we would have to give this place a try .
The fries were outstanding .
I was reading an article about the best oyster happy hours and we had decided to try the Blind Pelican too .
We got the fried crab balls as an appetizer and they were OK at best .
The service however way needs work , it felt like a self serve kinda situation and really , there were only a few people there .
Stayed in the Old 77 and was excited to see Nina Compton 's restaurant was in the hotel during check in .
They had our food out to us in I think less than 7 minutes .
The 2nd visit was ok .
My parents got the butterscotch shake , sister got the mint chocolate chip , and I got the coffee fudge .
i like applebees always
I had previously been so excited to try this place I 've read everyone rave about ! ! !
Craziest thing , they do n't leave out napkins .
It still took them 15 minutes to bring them out and it was n't even that busy .
The customer service was horrible though .
It only took a few minutes to get our drinks , but the service after that went downhill .
The fried clam belly tasted like oysters , but fishier .
We went again last night for my birthday dinner and , again , everything was fabulous !
Which is odd bc it was more of a restaurant than a venue .
The milkshakes were excellent .
Holy cats , best thing ever .
The Makhani Chicken was a little on the tough side .
Its your typical cool STL restaurant for lunch situated in one of the many great old neighborhoods near downtown .
Usually when i come to this chipotle , i 'm quite pleased as some of the workers are extremely nice and helpful .
All done without irony , kitsch or pretention .
The food and service were otherwise excellent .
The Guacamole was just average and the Beef Fajitas were disappointing as there was very little beef on the hot plate .
The homemade dipping sauce are all unique and awesome .
She , Rae as we later asked for her name , does not understand customer service .
Since I 'm not a " regular " I often get turned around when in there and have no idea where I 'm going haha !
Once our drinks arrived ( FINALLY ) , so did our dinner ( minus the appetizer ) .
Its something that puzzles me every time I walk in this place ...
The bf had the buffalo burger .
Today was my first visit to this place and really liked it .
Highly recommend a stay at this resort ! !
Sometimes the hot sauce is so spicy it will burn a hole through you , but really it 's all about those corn tortillas .
A truly delightful find !
Take a right when you see the Peace of Pizza on the right , because Desi Village is located on the side of the building .
Meanwhile - there were still MANY empty tables ( another table of 5 open ) - I looked and there was nobody waiting .
The food was decent but there was n't much meat !
Asked what was supposed to be in the dish- chicken and sausage .
My boyfriend had the BBQ pizza and thought it was " pretty good . "
We visited 2 restaurants and even room service .
Located at the Farmers Market in the French Market district .
The ladies were very nice and engaging .
My husband 's dinner was also wonderful .
The hostess Jaclynne was very polite and made some great menu suggestions .
Their appetizers were very good too .
The food was fresh and fast .
every dish was excellent , and even artistic !
We were seated and very promptly greeted by the drink guy .
I 'm so certain of this that we joined their loyalty program .
My boyfriend spoke with concierge Kimmy and she made everything so special !
I do n't understand why they slice the meat the way they do but it makes for a disgusting sandwich .
She got some ice from her pop to help ease the pain , but that did n't do much .
There were a few booth tables reserved for presents , wine , and desserts .
Finally found a human who directed us to self parking - they offer valet but it was closed this particular day .
The service was excellent and the food a fantastic surprise .
Companion and I were like ... you work at a place called Home Plate and are complaining about baseball in October ? ?
Flash forward 2 hours and 40 minutes later , we 'd consumed roughly 6 oz of food apiece .
This was the first time we had ever ordered our steak to be medium - well and ever since we 've been hooked .
The riverboat was fun and the very knowledgeable tour guide gave us some great info .
Food - everything we ordered was great !
It 's one heck of a good deal compared to what we pay in Northern California too .
We were lucky enough to sit up at the bar and watch the chefs cooking .
I started at Clayton 's across the street , but they only sell whole cakes , not cake by the slice .
The epitome of class and a place to celebrate in decadence .
never a fair comparison .
I pity the people who 've eaten tabouleh only at this establishment because they 're really missing out .
The private rooms are so fun for a festive night out , it 's BYO & when my girls get together we enjoy the feast & atmosphere !
We shared the Bloody Beet Steak for starters - very flavorful and juicy !
I got the seared tuna which was incredibly tasty .
The WORST customer service ! ! !
I ordered some ribs and had to send them back because one half was warm and the other half was refrigerator cold .
We wanted a nice place to eat my coworker mentioned his Aunt just opened her restaurant in Reno .
The waitress said they did n't like the word " tapas " but that is exactly what they are .
She was very friendly and took her time when we asked questions about the menu .
Then it was like she was doing the world a favor by waiting on us .
We placed an order at 600 told us it would be about 45 minutes .
Worst hotel I ever lived ...
After a few minutes I gave up pretending I was n't watching and took in the show .
But the hollandaise was tasty .
The balcony overlooks Jackson Square and it 's such a beautiful view .
While I 'm seriously tempted to make some sarcastic smarty pants comment here , I ca n't .
One of the clams was bad though ( dead taste ) but the rest were fresh .
The food was good , but not great ..... but the service was absolutely awful .
The fish tasted off .
It 's a nice place .
We waited a few minutes for a table , but were occupied looking at all the goodies .
The service was prompt , despite them being busy , and we paid and left .
Did n't take long for my food either !
The croque monsieur had waaay too much bechamel sauce .
The cioppino was just right spicy , and the sweetbreads appetizer was surprisingly crisp and flavorful .
For some reason it was really humid in there but food was great .
The waiter - recommended fried chicken was only average .
Then , after we ate that , they brought out MY goat cheese appetizer and my friend 's salad .
in the small room .
The berating on them was really good .
I personally did n't care for the truffle egg toast , but it was n't terrible .
Our birthday girl even stopped the piano man and told him to stop and he continued and made it even dirtier .
The service was excellent and friendly .
Our waitress was Taiya she was amazing , I think she had just as much fun with us as we did with her .
That 's how piss I was leaving the restaurant .
What a fantastic place to step in and watch people .
The teriyaki wings were SO SALTY and looked unappetizing with this super gross looking breading .
The pancakes were great and fluffy .
Service here is good and very attentive .
It was your typical Greek salad with olives and feta but their dressing was quite tangy , which I liked a lot .
My friends , that 's called cross - contamination .
Even my skinny brother in law ate all of it .
Sassafras has a very great selection of creole and soul food .
Asked for check .
There were only a few tables , so I guess it is a take out joint .
We were quickly seated and the waiter was so friendly and answered our questions with ease .
The food is disgusting .
The atmosphere is nice- small and down to earth feeling .
The service is awesome ... staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
The meat was tender and flavorful and they had fresh herbs on them and some kind of yummy sauce .
I have seen the crystal across the street but any one that is local knows tastee 's kastleburgers are so Much better .
Excellent service , excellent food ! ! !
All meals were great and fresh .
She was friendly , thorough & attentive- she deserves a shout out .
I did n't have a measuring tape with me so that is a guesstimate .
The coffee was one of the only things that was a disappointment besides the lack of seating .
The people that work here are so rude .
Our favorite little taco place !
My husband : he ordered the homecoming and said it was one of the best burgers he 's ever had .
The chili wings were good , as was the sesame crusted tuna .
Maybe it 's nit picky but the ye no soundtrack seemed out of place .
I had the lamb sliders , my wife had the duck pizza .
Normally not a big deal but thought I 'd take it back to exchange for the correct sandwich .
I had been wanting to check them out , but never had the opportunity .
A first , it seems ridiculous and almost like it 's going to be too much , exactly like everyone 's favorite blanket with sleeves .
We will be back for dinner soon , as all the food next to us looked Amazing !
Instead she comes out , so unprofessional , and made situation even worse .
TOTAL disappointment ! ! !
My boo ate their Crab Meat Omelette ( $ 12.95 ) and loved every bite , too .
There was nothing that stood out about the sea bass and risotto .
Our guest all made comments about how excellent the deserts were .
It was also a little too salty for my tastes .
I do n't know what their secret is but I must find out before I die , it really is the best .
I think we ate almost everything on the menu .
The ambiance is good enough -- it 's kinda like the Epcos center in Disneyworld .
Loved the comfy couches .
Had a bit of a mix - up when we paid our check , leaving me a bit salty , but I wo n't fault them for it here .
This is my favorite restaurant in St Louis !
It 's alwasy very fresh and there are many kinds of specialty rolls to choose from !
The seafood was just really fresh including the sometimes - feared fried oyster .
Rusty Pelican 's Sunday brunch was pretty doggone good .
I 'd avoid the pasta dishes ; Shrimp Scampi and Lasagna were both pretty bland .
Chef Poon is fascinating and if you take the effort to really listen to him , he 's quite entertaining !
Our meal was quiet but no children were present .
On top of that , the employee just tossed my order on the counter and quickly left ; no thank you or anything like that .
Sorry Vincent Van Doughnut ... actually , I 'm not sorry - you should be sorry for selling me that chocolate - coffee abomination .
I ca n't wait to come back and order another one .
Almost a hidden one , as I walked past many times since I moved to the area couple of months ago bbt never noticed it .
We had Pizza and Garlic bread .
The only down side is parking and be sure not to park in other businesses spots or you 'll get towed .
My quibbles : the lights are a little dim and the music is a little loud .
I had really high hopes for this place , but it was incredibly disappointing .
My family and I were visiting Nashville , staying in the Hillsboro - Belmont area .
He went up to the brew brothers , and spoke to the manager ( bald with a beard ) .
This ended up being our favorite restaurant during the trip .
I cleaned our table of choice and held back my opinion about it .
Our servings were large .
I could not be happier with choosing the Riviera Mansion for our wedding venue .
Then once the manager took our drinks order , it took 20 minutes for it to come .
Good times on Paradise road .
This is the place to be at 2 am for sure
Portions were pretty large and things were cooked perfectly .
Our server was warm and friendly was and the decor was elegant and clean .
The experience was a solid one .
I kinda wished that my boyfriend and I had not split the 2 piece order !
the burgers looked amazing .
My lamb burger was perfect and delicious .
I chose an assortment of picky foods , all great I especially loved the stuffed grape leaves & Lauren salad .
Great atmosphere and great food ! !
My husband and I adore this restaurant .
My fiancé opted for the healthier choice of a vegetable omelet which was delicious as well .
Food - wise , I was not impressed .
Most of us ordered from the brunch menu , a few chose lunch options .
Everything is made fresh every day , I was told by the friendly , helpful man who waited on me at the counter .
Well eating one of the oysters I found a pearl inside which was amazing .
My girlfriend used to go to college in the area and when I was visiting this was the spot to go .
Our servers and hosts Frank and Mike made sure we were not forgotten outside and were always available if we needed anything .
I ordered the big filet mignon sandwich , and it was heavenly .
Loved this spot !
When we arrived they had no record of the Open Table reservation but were still able to sit us quickly .
I was in the area , the weather was nice , and there was no wait , so we decided to stop .
This place is just awful .
The vegetable lasagna was a surprising treat .
I am assuming they were having kitchen issues ( it was the day after New Year ) .
Just a tad overpriced in my opinion .
sadly , i , a 6'4 very broad man am crammed into this nook , desperate for food .
It 's a worth check out again spot .
Do n't expect to swim in the water , it 's a rocky beach , not much sand .
Nonetheless , I really enjoyed my experience .
I love this place so much and I would willingly eat the crab alfredo off the floor because it 's so good .
My family went to Deanies the night before .
it 's super close to my house and away from the 5 Points madness .
It is a family friendly place where all are welcome .
When we arrived it was towards the end of the brunch on Sunday .
The staff was very friendly and the food was quick but disgusting .
Wonderful experience both times .
We went on a Friday night and it was really busy but the wait did nt seem too long .
Menu was easy to find on the Yelp page ( thank you ! ) and the food was exactly what we were craving .
Sat there for 10min and not one person greeted us .
I got up and went to the lobby and asked for the manager .
My fiancé had some type of meat dish , I really ca n't remember what- but he loved it .
The people working there are nice and I honestly feel for them .
The smells ( smokey , bbq ) is so good and hypnotizing , just make my mouth water .
We had catfish and a hamburger .
It was almost like it might have had mayo in it .... YIPES!!!Guacamole also had a lot if onion in it .
Also the server was extremely intrusive .
I was very unhappy with this place .
The waitress was rude , unresponsive , and had a bad attitude .
Absolutely love this place .
These guys know what they 're doing .
The decor is amazing & it 's so spacious .
Overall , it was a great meal and did n't break the bank
This is such an awesome find .
The establishment as a whole appeared clean and organized .
We were feeling hungry after a long day and decided to have dinner with family and friends at BK 's .
BTW This review was written under the influence of the flu in a fever induced haze .
And my husband said the cafe au lait was to die for as well .
For dessert , I ordered the Red Velvet Cupcake .
We chose a center table , which delighted our waitress because we 'd be " so close " to her only other table with patrons .
They had people filing in and everyone was happy .
I noticed after the rush he went and patted the employees on the back .
Sucky bagels , but great coffee ... that 's pretty much the gist of it .
The burgers were just okay .
It was a big step up from another place I went to in Queens so I was satisfied !
I came with my mother and we were looking for drinks and a quick bite to eat .
She said she used to stop there when she worked in Metairie for breakfast .
A product of the season , here today and gone next week , these were totally worth it .
First , the dish was very sweet .
I ordered pork steak ( which I 've never heard of before ) and it was really good .
Well , the pie was really good , and crunchy .
Bit pricey .
Rest of my group was happy with their choices .
I got the famous fish hoagie and potato salad ... was is it good ?
Jeremy , the bar tender , is fantastic .
As soon as I put my fork down , the waitress swooped behind me and took the plate away while my husband was still eating .
The two times I 've been in here I 've been skeeved out to the max .
The crust was great , the sauce was really flavorful .
The breakfast sandwich was great - and HUGE !
I was really happy with the pho I thought it was super flavorful and I will definitely be back soon !
Glad we made a reservation because there was a few group waiting for tables .
The croissant and the pain au chocolat we both super high quality real french style treats .
We had a different server this time , who seemed very new to the business .
The side I chose was a bad decision .
However , when I looked around I counted 5 tables that were empty but no one had cleaned them off .
My burrito tortilla looked / felt like it was not heated at all and cutting into my burrito was disappointing .
My companions I was dining with were singing the praises of this establishment as well .
We initially went up to the wrong counter ( take out / pick up ) .
The food is beautifully prepared and delicious !
They have lots of TV 's so its great to watch games , etc .
The four of us shared a pitcher of Hefenweizen , which paired deliciously with all of the food to come .
I ended up parking three blocks away and broke a sweat walking in the dead of summer to the front entrance .
I will probably go to Sakana every time I 'm in the area .... its just THAT good !
We started outside , gathered around a long hightop table .
I thought the plantain fritters were a little bland , but the mashed up ones were really good .
The chicken was well seasoned and very flavorful .
The BLT 's maple bacon was chewy , crunchy , and just sweet enough .
Staff members are so attentive and knowledgeable .
I used to go to the one in Oakland , Pittsburgh a lot when I went to school there and the food was actually a lot better .
Fried avocado : I was suspicious I must admit , but it turned out nice ...
Go there and great service and great food ! !
The owner was so friendly and when he noticed that the pancakes are small in size he compliments with another piece !
So disappointing on so many levels .
We hit Mr. B 's Bistro for dinner the next night because the BBQ shrimp was supposedly the best in the area .
not only was this the best drunk experience of our young lives , but we owe our lives to the workers at larry 's .
Came with my mom and brothers .
My mother , aunt and myself went on this walking tour of Ybor with stops for good food .
WARNING : DO NOT EAT HERE ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Starters : Kale salad was good .
So bad , we went to chick - fil - a after .
Also Jenny helped us with drinks and she was a breath of fresh air in an otherwise pretty upsetting meal experience .
Not surprisingly , the soup were served in small , cheap portions and the greens in our bentos were less that a forkful .
It was my first time there & I ordered the portabello burger .
I took one bite left the rest on the table .
Great spot in Nashville , not far from downtown .
A little very down homy type of place , with little atmosphere .
On the bright side , once we actually got our orders in they did n't take all that long to make them .
There is a tiny arcade in the back too .
My fiancé and I came here on a Saturday at 5:45 .
I totally understand her concern , and we assured her that we would in fact be ordering beers and food throughout the game .
We walk there so it 's great for those of us that live in the neighborhood .
The bar is separated from the dining room which was good because we were n't dressed up for the occasion .
Since I was a kid , I grew up with my best friends ' family who are from Calabria .
The atmosphere is 70s shabby chic and very inviting .
The creamed spinach , however , came out a little more wet than creamy , and the server was kind enough to not charge us for it .
I 'm pretty sure telling a patron you are going to follow them into he women 's restroom is some form of sexual harassment .
This is one of our favorite sushi places in Nashville .
It 's located in the strip mall near Dunkin ' Donuts so you would never know it was there unless you 're looking for it .
Both soups were amazing .
I must say that this location is much better than the old location they used to occupy further south in Carrollwood .
Reception was so nice immediately putting us at ease .
I 'm glad I did , because I would 've never known to order the barbecue shrimp .
FYI : My friend ordered a Sprite - was given a small glass bottle and it was $ 3 .
Our waitress seemed hurried ..
The shrimp were some of the most rich and delicious ones I have ever tasted .
What really intrigued me and have to admit is the main reason we went , was the pic of the artichoke app on the site .
It 's embarrassing how often I suggest this place when we want to go out / get take out .
I do n't know what 's going on but I would advise you not to buy the breasts even if you 're a fan of white meat .
The CWE is the spot to go .
Its a cozy diner with very friendly servers .
Vanessa , who also works at the front , is very nice and funny .
and deducted from my final bill .
He looks really confused and takes about 3 minutes to write that down .
When I asked for no wasabi , they just wiped it off the fish and sent it back .
I did feel bad but my boyfriend even said , she made the decision on not taking a tip .
I was afraid the turkey would be dry but it was n't .
I did n't want a replacement .
Just had a great experience .
Can you tell us if the driver is near ? "
PROS : the delicious French Onion soup .
there was an inch - size chunk of bacon still sticking out of the side , but the main parts had been picked off .
I posted pics of all our food .
- it 's a local spot and the decor was n't too bad .
The rest of the dishes were also good , sort of like Indonesia home cooking .
We also downed the desserts which though not as good as the main course were pretty darn good .
Pros : The chili cheese fries were REALLY good !
I had the gumbo and the gulf white shrimp and cucuzza stew .
Overall , I had a nice experience .
I enjoy their pizza , it 's thin and crispy .
The poor employees were standing outside in the rain to take orders .
OK I have to admit that I had been eye balling this place from my hotel and really wanted to try it .
When he took us to our table he told us we would have to be through eating by a certain time .
I liked it , because it was something different than what you 'd get at most places .
What a shame they could have something pretty nice on their hands otherwise .
I had the waffles which kind of disappointed also .
BYOB makes for a cheap , delish meal , AND the presentation was over and above !
The waitress was so nice .
He brought me water instead ( finally ) .
The service we received was poor .
Us and a bunch of friends went here New Year 's Eve for dinner .
Our food came out on sizzling plates that were literally too dangerous to touch .
The only thing that did n't impress me was the Country bacon that I had .
The service was very friendly , and the restaurant had to be the cleanest restaurant I 've been in .
Blue duck was so delicious !
The orzo was Amazing , the flatbreads ( fig and prosciutto , and mushroom and goat cheese ) were also delicious .
I was disappointed to see only 5 - 6 pieces of pulpo on our plate .
My bf is a native Cantonese from Hong Kong and this is our fav Chinese restaurant in St Louis !
Our guest ordered the pan fried grouper , a huge piece of fish that looked delicious .
even the chicken was flavorless .
I received my order and went up to my hotel room to inspect ( sidenote : no utensils ?
My favorite though is always getting the whole fish -- delish !
The food was in particular outstanding !
The service was ok but slow , especially since we did n't arrive until 9 and the restaurant was n't full .
Cafe Cubano is not on the menu ( Surprise ! ) , but Cafe con Leche is and they make a nice one .
Since both items were appetizers they came out in a matter of 5 minutes .
After we sat , it took our server about 10 minutes to greet us , although he was apologetic and cheery .
We had a good hearty breakfast , in an atmosphere that was totally enjoyable .
Food was fabulous ! !
It all changed quickly as we walked into the " Tennessee Fill Station " ( or some name similar ) portion of the building .
Prob will just sit at the bar from now on , they seem very attentive and friendly .
Ca n't wait to come back for happy hour !
We tried to like this place as the location is easy and convenient .
It was warm and just gooey enough !
The lady who took our order at the counter was so sweet and gave exceptional customer service .
The staff was friendly and informative .
I personally do nt care for much of the hot foods .
I forced my husband to come with me and we stopped in for dinner .
I will admit there were several slices .
Overall it was a decent meal .
I rarely travel to this side of town ( westsider ) but my sister suggested it for our family bday sinner .
Boyfriend had some sort of artery clogging omelet which was very tasty but I 'm sure it was about 5,000 calories ( heeeeeeey !
PROS : The service was great .
I do like this place .
I enjoyed them ... they had a nice crab flavor and were cooked perfectly .
I was n't a big fan of the corn tortillas because it was kind of bland and chewy .
Different , but highly delicious ... as was her mai tai .
After we were done , we waited with our plates for about another 10 minutes before our serve came .
We started off the meal with a few cocktails , the Martini Caprese and the Tarte Aux Pommes .
After finally going in to check it out , it is , as the three - stars indicate , A - OK .
Should the hostess have to run across the restaurant from the dining area because people are coming in ?
The chips were bland and the verde salsa tasted sour .
They 're not really bad ; it 's just that there are way better options in Philly .
We left at 7:40 had not been seated and was told the kitchen was behind .
The atmosphere is clean , and casual .
When we walked in , we were greeted by friendly , welcoming staff .
My friend decided we 'd had enough and asked to just pay for the portion of the feast that we 'd already eaten .
Worst service I have EVER received , we had alarge party and they were rude from the start !
It was my first visit .
Did I mention the burgers are just OK ... nothing to brag about .
No need to listen to any more . "
I do n't know what it taste like to eat dog food , but I am sure I just paid $ 10 for it .
Ordered a deluxe though and was really surprised at how good it was !
Overpriced , slow service even though it was n't busy when we arrived .
We were at Sbraga on Saturday night celebrating our first wedding anniversary .
I had the fried green tomatoes .
Now , I really do n't like hollandaise sauce .
I told my husband if we did n't get our food in the next 5 minutes , we would just leave .
The few times I went there , I enjoyed my sandwich and thought it was good value .
Got the bananas foster French toast which was surprisingly light .
All of the dishes were above average with the arepas tasting the best .
The people there are pretty friendly and welcoming .
It was the girl on my left 's 21st Bday .
Their homemade desserts were extremely appealing .
Went here again after a long absence ( why we took so long to go here again , I have nc ) .
When I told the server it was Alfredo she took it sniffed the bowl and said ohhh let me fix that .
Meat was very tender and delicious .
So she got there after us , ordered after us , but received hers before us .
My girlfriend had mango chicken ( on the special bryn mawr menu ) and it was delicious as well .
We sat at the bar , because the place was jamming !
I ca n't overstate how much I love Crumb De La Crumb 's cafe .
The burgers are definitely one of my top favorite burgers .
To our surprise , we had a great table on the rooftop which was great on this warm night .
The building is gorgeous .
I go every Sunday as it is only 5 minutes from where I live .
One of the managers and owners of the place , John , could not have been more helpful and friendly .
I can see it 's a wait .
Only six people in the place no reason to have them that loud .
We had a really sweet waitress too -- didn't catch her name , but she was the only female when we were there tonight .
Saw all the negative reviews and was a bit worried .
Overall ca n't argue with the great taste of the food .
I had the shepherd pie and my husband had the trout .
But , make no mistake Ghini 's is the real deal .
The food here was fantastic !
The 18 % gratuity was added inconspicuously after I gave her the certificate .
But , it 's such an awesome neighborhood bar , it was actually voted best neighborhood bar in the local New Orleans paper .
I was n't feeling for pop over so did n't have it but my hubby said it was so good and he finished it .
We tried the Angels 's Envy bourbon and a glass of the red sangria .
The space was free and inviting .
Iron Hill is always a good choice ...
I 'm a vegetarian , and feared there would be little for me to eat there , but I was wrong .
The famous dishes here are crab , lobster and shrimp .
These things are true .
However , the service we received was atrocious .
The service was great too - very knowledgeable about the food and the history of the building .
La Creperie Cafe was very cute with tasty food .
The halibut was nicely seared and not overcooked .
The staff was really friendly there too .
My friend and I felt comfortable here and actually spent several hours hanging out and talking .
We went in the afternoon , and although it was full , we were lucky and a table was ready right away .
Found that this place was fairly close to our location so went for it .
I practically licked the bowl clean .
The lo mein was really good but the sesame chicken was ok .
We really enjoyed everything we had and ca n't wait to go back to try some of the other items on the menu ( giant squid ? ! ) .
It was packed , we waited about 30 minutes for our table ... not bad .
The cucumber salad was WONDERFUL -- fresh , light , beautiful .
This is the amazing part : cushions on the floor with giant metal mandala tables ! ! ! !
Zoodles were delicious and flavorful and the chicken was a bit small but very tasty .
The beef was extremely chewy , and i 'm not 100 % that it was actual beef .
They were both honestly some of the best food we 've ever had .
So , I called my son briefly to find out that he was just in the parking lot .
Let 's go back to their bar area .
Crunchy , sweet goodness .
They know what 's up lol
It is horrendous that they needed 40 minutes to prepare hummus ! !
My convinced my coworker ( which was n't to difficult ) to come with me to try the BBQ shrimp .
We were greeted by a nice waitress .
Service was a little slow , but considering they were packed to the brim because of our conference I let it slide .
My favorite things to order here is the vegan wings , and even though I am a meat eater , they are pretty good .
So me , my brother , and my wife , all piled into mom 's Prius on our quest to southern cooked glory .
The food and drinks were awesome , and the wait time was a little rough but once we got situated at the bar the time flew by .
You can go up to the counter and ask for a price check on anything you want , though that can be a little annoying .
Maybe the best way to describe the food at Dmitri 's is that everything they make really tastes like what it 's supposed to .
As a person who does not care for Japanese food Zen won my heart and my palate !
Even my MIL gave it her seal of approval .
This was a wonderful find .
Our server spoke mandarin too so it helps when ordering the real good stuff !
I do n't know if it is lack of parking , the weekday , or the $ $ $ , but it was really empty inside the restaurant at 7 p.m.
The burgers coming out looked really good , mine was n't as good looking and was just fine tasting .
I 'm not sure if we were just glad to have food but overall the omelets and french toast were very good .
And , most importantly the food is fresh and tasty !
Overall , my experience was just OK .
We tried the specials and were very impressed .
Did she say " your waitress will be right with you " ?
We had gotten there early to camp out a spot to get a better seat because the general admission at the GSR is really bad .
We did read the reviews here before booking .
Great little restaurant tucked away in the corner of a strip of stores .
And may I say , we had a wonderful experience .
My buddy and I stopped in for a late breakfast yesterday and had a real nice visit .
We ended up throwing all the food in the garbage .
I ended up ordering the lobster beignets , and my BF had the Shrimp and cheddar grits .
It was very clean , and in order .
Complete lack of acknowledgement or a whisper of an apology just kills me .
I really liked the layout of this place .
As for the food : I had the Honey platter .
The mac and cheese was soooo good .
My husband and I came here to celebrate my birthday .
Ambiance and music was excellent .
We shared a lemon dessert that was quite good .
We had a most generous helping of chicken wings , moist , meaty , crispy ...
i have no idea what my husband ate , i ca n't remember .
So disappointed with this place .
Carne Seca burro was smokey , delicious and really filling .
It was super soft and flavorless .
It 's just down the road from Peel , which offers great pizzas too .
Some of the items are a bit overpriced but then again it is center city .
We originally came to eat at Pancake Pantry but it was raining cats and dogs .
The girlfriend had some kind of spicy chicken and shrimp pasta which was also good , but only had 3 pieces of shrimp .
We ordered the banarsi samosa for appetizer which was good .
I was so pleased that she checked to see if I was vegan and make sure that she was accommodating my diet .
This place is atrocious .
Cause it is great coconut curry .
The presentation was n't anything special ( served in a clear glass bowl with chips around the side ) but it was really fantastic .
The staff were all very friendly and patient too .
I purchased a Groupon for a night stay here in a Jr. Suite & the room was 50 % off & ran $ 200 with the discount .
We went back on Friday night around 1 am and it was pretty empty .
the food is amazing ! ! !
Their shrimp tacos were ok ..
The poached egg was perfect , I literally almost licked my plate clean .
We finally decided to give it a try tonight based on other yelp reviews and were very pleased we did .
The mushroom bruschetta and the beef cheeks focaccia were both delicious .
About Dööner , we were told the owners lived in Germany for 30ish years , before moving to Florida and opening the shop .
The mussels were really good .
It was so delicious and I highly recommend this place !
The bad news was the meal prior !
From the outside to the inside it is very authentic .
Our waiter was n't friendly at all .
I ordered a fancy grilled cheese sandwich and shared fries with my friend .
Everything else was fine but there were n't tons of people there either .
I said no , only the salmon .
The drink was extremely strong and difficult to even put down .
So weird , and such a bad policy considering how much I had already spent there and how hot it was .
I did so , showed the cashier my check - in on my phone , and was given the discount .
My wife had a great chicken parm , the remainder of which had to be taken home since the portion was huge .
There was no vibe .
The shrimp starter was the high light of the meal .
It 's probably my 2nd favorite AYCE sushi in Reno .
Cafe Beignet has two locations -- one being this one inside Musical Legends Park on Bourbon Street and the other on Royal .
My mom and I tasted the shrimp from all the seafood dishes and had to spit it out .
It 's a delightful location far above the city and a great place to head for a drink at sunset .
The cake was really great !
Daphne , one of the owners , remembers you and always wants to have a small friendly chat when you walk in .
So good ... I enjoyed the rocket power juice - so refreshing !
I ca n't believe that it took indy this long to have such an amazing brunch place .
The friendly server asked for our spiciness preference .
I ate it and the sauce tasted awful .
My fiance ordered one of the specials , which included a filet mignon with a shrimp kabob .
I had three tacos - two pastor and one asada , they were all very underwhelming .
My family and I came in for dinner last night about 30 mins till they closed .
The roll was crisp and tasty[will recommend this ] .
Very attentive and was quick to bring everything hot and fresh as well as fill my tea glass .
This place is the best ! ! !
One co - worker had a few of the skyline while my room looked out at the city .
The food came out quickly and our waitress was a sweetie .
Where was the manager last night she passed by our table at least five times and would not even give us even eye contact .
I went out to dinner with my mom and my 5 YO daughter and we sat at the bar bc it was available .
We 've been here many times .
The beer and wine list was just " meh " but that 's to be expected at such a casual place .
We enjoyed the honey platter .
This was possibly the worst experience I 've ever had at any restaurant .
My husband and I have taken our young children to the Ardmore location twice within the past month .
For those of you who ate here when it was Papa Vito 's , do n't worry the menu has n't changed .
The bartenders and waiters are attentive and nice .
I had the sampler and it was amazing , especially the crawfish ettouffe !
The sandwich was excellent and the ingredients were very fresh .
My husbands $ 42 filet mignon was a piece of tasteless , stringy meat .
We arrived along with 48 of our band alumni .
the steak here was cooked perfectly ; it was fantastic .
Even the hot chocolate was gross n made with WATER
The okra tasted odd .
Prefer to go to Bellas which is usually very good and food is always great .
Never had a negative experience both dining it our eating out .
They had some rolls that sounded wonderful .
There were 2 of us and we 're told it would be a 15 minute wait , which is expected on a Sunday morning .
My date ordered the sweet potato quesadilla witch she ( and i ) liked a lot , careful tho because they come out HOT !
I also heard amazing things about the quail .
I absolutely love this place and I will certainly spread the word and come back ! !
In fact this location is two miles from my home and I did n't know it was there !
And both my son and I left there feeling sick and stayed that way the rest of the day .
The burrito was cold , and when I asked they said they plate was suppose to be cold .
Ambiance and decor were great as well .
Their vanilla bean latte was very good .
Then on to THE COW AND THE CURD : $ 14 for gloriFRIED cheese and a frozen lemonade .
We did the a la carte as opposed to the buffet .
Definitely check this place out sooner rather than later ... good job !
* sigh , eye roll * I felt uncomfortable from the time I left my car to checking out .
There was a Mexican restaurant we loved where we would always be given the stink eye , assuming because we were n't Mexican .
Absolutely horrible food .
It 's bright and airy and really inviting !
My friends ordered the fritters , carpaccio , crab cake and fries .
The waiter was prompt and courteous while avoiding bothering us every few minutes .
Went to johns pass to watch dolphins and the sunset to enjoy our last night in Florida .
I 'll be honest , it was the worst $ 11 burger that I 've ever had .
just an amazing HIDDEN restaurant .
My only complaint was our server was a little distracted so it was a little hard to get the check .
We will make sure to make a special trip to our new little favorite seafood place .
I 'm sad I did n't enjoy it more but I 'm glad the total was cheap for a night out .
I went to Brio for the first time on Wednesday for dinner with my friend since a friend of us recommended it .
Our waitress Madison and bartender Raquel were personable and took the time to find out what we wanted .
Nonetheless , I 'd suggest it 's a terrific stop !
When I received the bill we paid more for the condiments then the actual food .
Bad experience .
I 've driven by many of times and i 'm so glad I stopped .
The presentation of the coffee tray was reflective of the high quality of hotel Loews exhibits .
and it is so worth every last calorie .
Their was a band playing that night so needless to say it got loud and jam packed so after 3 hours we finally left .
To our suprise , they were halfway down the line when they found a party of two- us ! !
Garlic fries were good .
Being born and raise in Santa Barbara , actually just down the street , I have been coming here for some years now .
All in all , it was a disappointing night for what has been one of my favorite Nashville spots .
In total we ordered 13 sandwiches / salads and 2 bags of chips .
The restaurant itself is beautifully crafted and decorated .
I built my own pasta and it was amazing .
If we would have went anywhere else , they would have apologized for the mistake which we all would have understood , it happens .
Our server was super cool too .
We ordered one of the specials of day , and were rewarded .
My boyfriend and I decided to try it out despite the negative reviews .
What a delightful surprise .
Out waitress 's threats were shallow , but made us feel very uncomfortable .
They made the experience fun .
This is my daughter 's favorite restaurant .
I 'm pretty sure they wo n't be in business for long .
We had to grab napkins off a near by table because she had taken all of ours away .
The dip was okay but smelled very fishy to me .
It was not mine nor the waitresses as it had obviously been cooked into the pancake .
He also ate their crab Rangoon that was extremely sweet .
Overall the food at this location is poor quality and does n't taste as good as others
Management was completely inept and uncaring .
The guacamole had a lot of onions , but the unusual part was that it also had some cottage cheese mixed in .
She was also the chef and cooked while talking on her bloody phone , as well .
Anyway , both meals were delicious .
But boy am I glad they took me here .... I was dead wrong to question this place !
Her sister 's burger and my burger were also super yummy .
I mistakenly left my organizer / wallet on my table when eating at Shepard 's yesterday ( 6/24/12 ) .
# TampaBayBrewingAn outstanding # Brewery and Food establishment .
I m a hot sauce girl , I did n't put a drop on my food !
The music was a hit and the smells from the kitchen were enticing .
We were told a 40 - minute wait around 10:45 on a Friday morning .
A little bit on the pricy side , it was $ 17 for everything .
My personal go - to is the Fedora Frittata and an iced mocha :)
" Well , it can be a bit dry ... "
While we waited , I got some macaroons , my boyfriend got big chocolate and cream cheese cookie , and both were amazing !
Indian pancake was so tasty , as was the chicken satay .
Although there was a line when we arrived , our total wait time was less than 10 mins .
Oh , and free wifi - ask the staff for the password .
The woman got progressively more upset , eventually raising her voice to a near yell .
I do n't care for the bones , and I do n't like the boneless ones either bc they just remind me of chicken nuggets .
I do n't understand the hype with this place .
A little on the pricy side but that s to be expected since it 's vegan , and seating is verrry limited ! !
There is n't even a close second .
French fries and milk shakes .
all my co - workers raved about their meal too - esp the pork special many of them got .
Literally the worst service .
I guess one lady was the chef .
I enjoyed the meal .
Oh gods of HCV , i 've missed you so !
I had to ask for the app to be taken off , then they did .
My lady had their " potatoes " and half a scrambled egg .
I must say the chorizo was just a bit oily .
When I was growing up , my family would always go to places with this look and it was a warm setting .
The saltiness was so overpowering that you could n't taste anything else .
Really loved that we did n't have to wait to be seated , and we had the option to sit outside .
Shortly after we sat down a plate was brought out with papad , a lentil cracker .
Since it was our first time , Gigi let us sample from the menu .
Nice caprese appetizer .
The name " Ants Pants " is actually Australian slang .
I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and my fiance had the Gumbo .
The outside looks like a piece of crap but the inside was quaint and professional .
It took even longer for someone to come by and take our order .
So , we figured , what the hell , let 's try this place ...
My family and I waited on our food ( two sir chicken sandwiches and a cheese omelet ) for twenty five minutes .
My husband and I went here on a Friday evening .
Also the restaurant smells very authentic ...
Our server was n't pleasant at all .
There was a convention in town so a big group of them were at the restaurant .
The food , service , and overall experience were fantastic .
I love this place ! ! ! !
So for the best dine - in experience ...
My entree was the kale salad and my husband had the fish tacos .
We were greeted immediately and seated at a table for Happy Hour .
The owner / chef Liem is so personable , checked on our table to make sure everything was awesome .
The bartender recommended them and she was spot on with that suggestion .
The menu is small but the food was very good and well presented .
Karen our server was great , very knowledgable and very helpful in deciphering the " chefs choice " , menu .
While visiting STL , I had heard this place was becoming a very popular place so we decided to check it out .
Very friendly and accommodating staff .
The taste was ok .
The fact that I left my entire plate should have given him a clue , but was oblivious .
Well , after that review the owner of the place messaged me and said all type of things .
We had a really sweet waitress who was attentive even though she was the only person working the dining room .
During a most recent trip the server was particularly friendly and accommodating .
Fortunately we did n't have to wait very long to get our table .
We went for brunch on Sunday as a little treat .
It should have not been an argument but it was , especially considering how long we have been ordering from there .
Although I doubt it was yelling , I appreciate it that the management read it , understood it and reacted to it .
The food was great nice character !
We went out the other night planning on El Diablo and decided to try this cute little Italian restaurant .
The food was not the best .
Contacted management with no response !
Only 2 negatives - they have a dress code and the place was small and extremely noisy !
The food was fantastic !
Update 2 : So , it turns out the pizza was n't as bad as it seemed .
There was a large loud party in the bar when we arrived .
The service was relaxed , social and great .
I made reservations and they had trouble seating us when we arrived .
The calamari is our favorite thing .
After almost 2 hours and being told a few times our food was on its way we asked what was going on .
We also enjoyed the sweet treats after dinner .
The asparagus was so good .
I was the only customer .
I loved going in there - the ladies at the counter were great !
My wife and I had the ABC burger and the lamb burger and shared halves ... this was a flavor explosionary experience !
Then we had rib eye steaks and they were cooked to perfection and had a great taste .
So do nt feel you have to be dressed up because its fine dinning .
It looked like they have a nice seating area out over the lake , and that looked like it would be pleasant .
Since we were starving and standing in line , we already knew exactly what we wanted .
I finally stopped our waitress after watching my husband chicken down the swill they served us and asked her to redo his meal .
I ca n't stop thinking about my buffalo sandwich I had .
The dressing on the wedge salad was fresh and the bacon was very thick cut and chewy ... a great blend of fresh flavors .
What I really hate about this particular location is that the drive thru takes absolutely forever .
The egg rolls were actually vegetable spring rolls , and were cooked perfectly .
I ate my food the car ... lol ..... taco was OK , Guac was terrible and the steak fajitas really good but small .
I do n't even have words to describe the tacos .
Once seated , there was a mix up with the wait staff regarding which waiter was to serve us , no big deal .
It had NO bacon .
( We had opened a tab for our guests so all orders needed to be handled by the waitress ) .
Each of our meals was boring and unauthentic .
My comfort curry and coconut milk soup mean everything to me .
It was fine -- maybe a touch too sweet -- but it 's not the right thing for me , personally , when I 'm craving a fruit treat .
We recently moved within walking distance of the store .
The drive was worth it ! !
The server that we had memorized all 6 of our complicated customized orders .
People who sat down after us next to our table received their order in 20 min .
Always a good time and always enjoy great food from the crab fries to wings to mussels to pizza ..... all outstanding !
Went here today with my family and I must say its not too often you get good chipotle .
I ordered the vegan sausage sandwich and I thought it was pretty good .
Since 2 full me up and they 're only like $ 2.60 each it 's a pretty happy visit all round for me !
We were there early for lunch so we assumed they had just burned some incense .
Of all the restaurants we tried in New Orleans , this was by far our favorite .
The maki ( rolls ) were pretty good .
For dinner we split the Spider Crab cause we ai n't scared of shh ...
I say this because when I got there it was a all male crew !
this shit was HOT but oh so good ! !
Our pizza was the taco pizza which was pretty good , though a bit too much lettuce in my opinion .
Would never go back there .... blech ! ! !
I wanted to check this out since I 'm sort of checking out all the Mexican places I can .
The butter cake was very good but very sweet and rich .
My father ordered a classic Greek dish , pastitsio .
Upon walking in the manager greets us and asks where we were from .
Unfortunately the food was simply mediocre .
Trish took pictures of our group , which are now on Facebook .
The only thing that tasted excellent were the cheddar bay biscuits - still exceptional !
I did like that the waitress broke up our bill into individual checks without even asking !
I had dinner with my husband here last night .
I absolutely love this place ! !
woulda tasted better psychologically if it was a bustling restaurant , esp since we were there for brunch .
I wanted to order appetizer and lunch special , but he assumed we were having lunch .
The oysters and the sampler are deep fried .
The fries were soft and the bacon was bland .
One I fell in love with was Plum sauce .
The order can on time and was correct but i decided not to eat it because it was so bad ...
We had dinner here while staying at the Intercontinental down the block .
My first visit to Calypso a few weeks ago after hearing about it from a friend .
I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance .
Overall a great place for sunday brunch ! !
What I am about to say is meant for constructive purposes & not to be taken as digs .
I definitely burned my mouth because I did n't want to wait to eat it .
For eight bucks or so you wo nt regret it , and every single one is special .
I tried the Nashvillian burger and she had the Ole Red burger .
It took way too long to get our food .
Portions were huge so def go with friends and family !
The beer was good and atmosphere friendly .
We did n't originally order the fries but the table next to us were enjoying them and they looked so good , we had to try .
Both dishes were quite good .
And because we asked so many questions we were given a tour of the kitchen to meet the chief .
He then proceeds to write my order and I saw him write it down with his pen on his pad .
Ca n't say enough nice things about this place !
The stuffed French toast challah bread are amazing and are genermous .
I ca n't leave out the bevs ...
We learned it is a new restaurant .
We were greeted promptly and seated , a server took a drink order right away , another good sign .
The tables and plates are full of refreshingly bright colors .
Green curry was very flavorful ( and hot ! ) and the vegetables were fresh .
I also sat against the window and could n't quite find a comfortable pocket to center myself .
His burger was good but a bit overpriced at $ 15 even if the fries did come in an adorable little fryer basket !
I used to live a few doors down from Las Cazuelas in 2005 and went there faithfully because the food is DELICIOUS !
But that did n't matter by the time we got our food .
Probably the best part of the hotel was the fitness center , which was large and even had a small lap pool .
We just came into town and this was the closest place to our hotel with decent ratings .
All in all a truly enjoyable dining experience ... we'll definitely be back .
We went to Jack 's Coffee Shop instead and we were seated and served coffee in less than 5 mins .
I want them to do well because I want to be able to eat there next time I am in town ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The servers , were ok .
Le Rendez - Vous is the perfect restaurant for those who enjoy the finer things in life .
You get a sense of not being welcomed as if your inconveniencing them .
I went with a friend and her daughter ; we all had a good time .
The fried calamari was also tender and very tasty ( did I taste a little cinammon ? ) .
Thanks so much for the terrific experience .
My mother 's tomato soup and ham sandwich were delicious , the sauerkraut perogies and cabbage rolls were very good .
I had read that the crawfish casserole was award winning , so it was an easy choice .
Our waiter was the best .
I swapped it for a beer and was much happier .
This was the first time I have ever been here and I have lived in the area my whole life .
It 's like little angels dancing on your tongue !
My other friend ordered the Pork Belly Beni .
Our server was friendly and efficient .
The enchiladas on the other hand were amazing as always .
Fun Fact : My husband and I met Bill Murray and Jon Favreau here .
The bakery items are seriously good stuff though ( I have to put blinders on when I 'm being all health conscious )
By the way , the custom - made chicken cutlet was outstanding :)
Friendly greeting .
I went in with high expectations and was sadly disappointed .
Five minutes after I sat down one of the servers was greeting the table right behind me just as they were sitting down .
The fried tempeh was light and crispy ; the accompanying dipping sauce- spicy & fishy .. My Nasi Lemak Ayam Goreng was good .
The layout was also a bit unorganized .
I had mine al pastor and Ms T had pollo .
Whenever anyone asks me what is my favorite restaurant on the Hill , I always say : Modesto .
None of the dishes our party ordered had a negative review .
The food here is greatbut kinda expensive .
Only thing wrong , they forgot the pork .
The woman who took it said she was new .
I walked right in and proceeded to look at the restaurant empty tables .
It gets VERY dark in the theater .
Just be warned that sitting near the musician means you wo n't be able to hear much of anything else .
My sisters friend did n't finish it either .
The other three McDonald 's locations I go to , in less prestigious neighborhoods , have much better customer service .
How fortunate we are to have found this gem in the desert .
There was some sort of bbq sauce on it that completely ruined the dish in my opinion .
We ended up being seated at a table with another couple because the place is actually pretty small , but that was n't weird .
Considering they are in the heart of the bayou I expected nothing less than fresh .
My partner and I had an excellent gourmet meal tonight at Stella Sera in Chestnut Hill .
I also got both the meat sauce and the spicy red sauce on the side .... i like it saucy !
Our waitress , Erin , was also very friendly and knowledgeable .
Very tender , which I did n't expect .
We had a few rolls for our entree and they were all very good .
I swear , the same people have worked there for the past 12 years and they 're all kind !
We all ordered breakfast , but the lunch dishes coming out of the kitchen looked mighty tasty too .
They melted in my mouth .
What they did with this building is inspiring .
The bartender , who 's name I did n't get , did n't blink an eye .
I was very surprised by how mediocre this place was .
On our visit last Friday , I went with my go - to combo : a large order of onion rings and a grilled chicken salad .
My girlfriends and I went for the Happy Hour and it was AMAZING .
Special of the day was catfish with shrimp jambalaya and greens .
Recommend getting there early as it was packed when we got there around 11 and there was a ton of people waiting when we left .
It 's nice to be able to sit down inside at a cheesesteak place in the winter time .
We had a bad feeling that this was going to be a longer than desired dining experience and debated leaving .
I 'd say Smiley 's in the best place in the ' Yunk .
Its close to work , so its a popular work HH event place .
I really love the concept of this place .
The Tonk 's Chouquette was beautiful and light with a fun cherry center .
It 's too bad because everything looks so delicious :( also did n't like the chocolate chips in it either .
Other food at the table looked great and everyone enjoyed their meals !
I took my gf for our one year anniversary here , this cute little hidden away restaurant was fantastic .
I walked out , got back into my car and went right to the drive thru .
We shared the scallops which were the best part of the meal- but for $ 3.33 / scallop it better be good .
And when we ordered we specifically requested our food not come immediately after our starters ..
He at the shrimp ; I had the oysters .
As a New York native I live by the credo that only pizza which can be folded in half can actually be considered pizza .
These shrimp were extra large size and were so delicious .
When I called in the hostess was rude and seemed annoyed , I was met with the same feeling when we arrived .
We live in Sahuarita and this is worth the trip .
after that when we needed something we practically had to look around to hunt him down during our entire meal .
The drinks and the customer care are the only redeeming factor to this place .
Wow this place was sophisticated , yet not pretentious .
This place is seriously hit or miss .
I thought it would be a good idea to go on an off time , and it was perfect .
My dining companion had one of the benedicts - with smoked salmon .
Other waiters had to step in to clear our table .
My boyfriend had the Alfredo ( which of course I tried ) and it was delicious , creamy and buttery .
If you 're from Philly , that 's kinda a big deal .
Just I do n't understand how you can get an order wrong when its ordered online .
We loved the cornbread with honey ! !
And for being first timers here we did n't know if we were to seat ourselves or wait to be seated ( no sign ) .
The hostess was horrible .
I know it was near the end of the night but that 's still pretty ghetto .
We sat outside , had a couple of brewskis , and enjoyed a nice meal at a reasonable price .
I 'm so in love with their food ..
The meat seemed fresh .
The crust was thin and soft .
It was the chorizo that was mixed in their gravy which made the perfect combination .
We came to the District Tavern for a quick bite before a concert at the Amalie .
Went here with high hopes considering it 's handmade and most of the reviews said it was good .
My friend lives across the street from here so we always find ourselves stopping in to grab some beers and snacks .
I 've got ta say , after hearing mediocre reviews I was pretty impressed with Basil Spice last night .
Best part - it 's BYOB !
We were told the wait was an hour .
Me and my husband love this place ! !
Glad we came in , but it did fall short of my expectations .
Not my preferred place to go when there are so many better options in Reno .
The angel hair pasta was just ok .
I 've had a sampling of most of their cakes , and they 're all delicious .
There were three hostesses when we arrived .
My interaction with the staff has always been pleasant and I do love the little candy in the front next to the register .
Frank , the owner and frequently the bartender , is an absolute joy to chat with about wine .
I will definitely becoming back we had a great time .
My fiancé got the spare ribs .
Then we were given the menus that actually had food pieces on them .
Our waiter , Richie Rich , was the best waiter we 've ever had .
Seriously I am not going to go into you have been warned just yuk ... OK ?
I added a side of halloumi , which is n't on the menu as a side but our waiter was more than happy to accommodate me .
No big deal though .
This man waited in his car , in the rain , on a Friday night while I got my stuff together .
the shrimp were huge and cooked perfect .
This used to be one of my favorite places when I came home from college .
I asked a few others and they gave their other recommendations .
i do n't really have any complaints except that the lady that you pay up at the front always seems a little unfriendly lol .
The atmosphere is very nice and so was our waitress .
The pizza had a ton of meat ( awesome ) and the crust was amaze - balls .
Glad we skipped the hotels breakfast of pastries to eat here .
The chicken breast was okay as were the mashed potatoes !
The debris fries are a must , you wo nt be disappointed unless you do nt try them .
I like sitting at the bar because there can be a bit of a wait depending on when you get there .
Again - my fault - but it still seems fishy .
Our waitress was extremely friendly and told us to check out the specials they were offering .
WOW , Seriously , everything happens for a reason , and WOW .
I thought they had closed shop when I learned they were no longer at their old location .
They gave us a great rate and all the communications to figure out the details went very smoothly .
It was our last night in NOLA and I made dinner reservations for 7:30 pm .
Several servers stood in corner seeing us but still no contact .
I read about this Restaurant in the Sauce magazine and thought it would be a good spot to dine .
Overall , it was a nice place to hang for happy hour drinks but def not food ...
This was probably the worst service I 've ever received .
We just celebrates my daughter 's 8th Birthday there .
However , the young waitress we had took her sweet time even getting to our table to take our drink orders .
I had the lemon blueberry cake and macaroon cookies .
We got seated in great time but the waiter ignored us for a good 20 minutes then kept forgetting things we asked for ..
Soo good .
The food took forever- servers were really friendly , but they looked very unorganized .
I asked for no onions and had to pick them off , oh well ( seems to happen in most restaurants ) Otherwise the salad was fine .
The fries were also very good .
Tonight it was EMILY knew the menu very well .
Inside is well decorated n fun colorful decor .
When I did get them there was not very much fish in the taco .
They work for 3 people ! ! !
Throughout our meal , the waitress was back and forth asking how things were and refilling our water glasses .
He ordered some chicken wings for us , and brought them home .
The red one was petty good and if you drench your tacos it 's hard to taste the crapiness underneath .
My lasagna was perfection and I 'm glad I ordered it rather then my usual steak and potato .
Waited maybe 45 mins for a table in the ramen room- no big deal , we just had drinks at the bar , which were good .
The texture is a little on the homogenous side but Il not off - putting .
I had a few spare microns of space in my stomach for something sweet , so we grabbed a filled lemon and a chocolate cupcake .
Sadly , last time I ordered boba it was too mushy .
There was a bug in my food and when I showed the waitor , he simply shrugged it off .
We got off to a poor start .
I truly love this place .
Someone at a nearby table spilled a glass of milk .
I did n't get to taste the burger but I heard it was good .
We came back and it was more " glorious " ( term my GF required I use ) than previous visits .
My order was ready and accurate upon arrival .
$ 16 for 2 pieces of salmon sashimi , salmon over rice , edamame , and 2 rolls .
It 's very modern and chic in a way .
Why the heck did we only have one strip of grilled chicken for each wrap .
The two curries we ordered , one vegetarian and one chicken , were quite good .
Thai Fusion is hands down the best Thai food I 've ever had - and it 's just right around the corner from my house !
It 's clearly a bar first and foremost so it was mostly empty when we were there .
It took 5 minutes before my waitress greeted me and then another minute until she took my order .
I really enjoyed the oyster feast .
We shared the sweet potato fries with the sriracha ailoi which was really good !
We were seated in a booth with a never ending Larry King vitamin commercial on the TV - really ?
The spicy tuna crunch was great too .
Staff was very friendly .
They were busy so we had a 30 min wait , which we spent at the bar .
I had the soft shell crab BLT and it was absolutely amazing !
The lomo saltado was delicious .
I found his hospitality very southern !
Phil and Robyn are really great and down to earth people !
The salad was okay .
Hot and crusty on the outer edges but a tad cool in the center .
Chef Milly does not even offer a smile to his visitors .
I like the concept , but if you 're a diehard carnivore , I 'm not sure this place will convince you otherwise .
We ordered the shrimp and grits for the two of us and it came out already split .
The breakfast burrito was rather small and again a bit basic .
The place looked ok but after we ate we had to stop at McDonalds because the portions were so small .
It 's not dick 's last resort , it 's not your shtick to be shitty ...
The acidity was mild and the black kale was crisp .
I came here for lunch and was very disappointed .
About 30 minutes got the text table was ready ... same empty table that was there before ... Odd .
I got the powdered sugar in a separate bag so it would n't melt and wow they 're not stingy !
We were both pleased with our meals .
I 'm not veg and neither is my boyfriend but we both thoroughly enjoy the food at blue sage .
I was told to order ahead of time but we did n't need to .
Our server , Daniel , was great .
The service was absolutely terrible ; we waited 20 minutes just for someone to come by the table .
They are the gateway to the Marigny and you need to stop in .
If you are from Texas-- you wo n't like this place .
You almost feel as if you were invited into someone 's home .
The lettuce was limp and so was the pita .
They gave him a hard time but finally complied .
The bartender ( Cory ) was very cool and knew his stuff .
At one point while we were sitting there , we saw 5 waitresses all gathered around the register with the manager just talking .
Everything was so fresh , not too heavy , cooked to perfection .
My new favorite place
The air in the room has a tingle of electricity and the kitchen 's food is a special invitation into a different culture .
I got an Albee 's Knees and it was the bees knees !
The chargrilled oysters were the BEST ! ! ! !
I did n't really like that part of our dining experience .
they gave a very gracious amount of ginger and bean , it made the fish very savory .
We will definitely be back and I 've even told some friends that we will need to go !
The atmosphere is casual and family friendly .
The food was fine .
Mark only stopped by once to see how the entrees were .
Why we were not given cloth ones is a mystery , maybe it was a signal that we did not have a GROUPON ! ! !
It tasted very bland , with almost no flavor , also , it was super spicy ! !
The train was clean and I did n't smell even a trace of the urine stench so familiar to the CTA .
Of course , I had the nickname of ' pickles ' as a child due to my love of dill .
What I love most about the cafe , though , is the vibe .
The poor guy at pizza hut making pizza was so frustrated no his fault I totally understood at this point .
However , as I said , we were earlier than they anticipated , and they got us to the bar as soon as seats opened up .
It was a nice meal all the way around .
Not surprisingly , the baker " Nico " is french , and you could taste the difference in the food .
We both ordered salads which arrived quickly , were nicely proportioned , and were pretty darn tasty .
Its an extra 2 dollars for that sauce .
the waiter we had made this the absolute worst dining experience i 've ever had .
I am not a picky eater , in fact I am a total foodie , so I do like my food to be gourmet !
All the treats look incredible especially the pecan sticky bun .
I do n't even like french toast usually and there s was by far the most delicious food that s ever entered my mouth .
I had plain vanilla but it was so delicious .
Both dishes were flavorful and delicious .
The red gravy tasted like my own .
The service was incredible and our server was very friendly .
The antipasto was AMAZING , almost everything on it was unique and flavorful .
I 've honestly never had a bad experience there .
My wife and I stopped here on a detour from our route back home to Boston and she ( a non - vegan ) devoured their Philly steak .
Luckily we did n't know about the special running and it was n't really expensive , otherwise I would have gone to two stars
Hubs & I enjoyed our mini chocolate cake - MMMM Good !
My friend and I split a few different items .
We were later seated for the dinner ( via opentable reservation ) .
I just got here from California and was pleasantly surprised to come across this place while exploring market street .
I guess it 's just a Nevada thing , or a Reno thing , but the Taco Bell 's here are a joke and this is the worst .
Best my buddy and I had ever had .
Ca n't imagine why this place is still around .
I had the pork burrito .
The atmosphere and service were fantastic .
Shortly after we moved to a table and the experience went sour .
I 've never been to the Vietnamese markets in California so it was a treat to have this place open up in Boise .
We went around midnight when we got into town .
Lol The Pastor tacos are great with the grilled pineapple !
Everyone was very nice there , so all in all a really good experience .
Getting a table here was a little difficult .
The best part of the whole meal was the warm blueberry cobbler with vanilla ice cream !
We had lunch here on 12/20 .
We got a circular table which I really liked for discussion .
I , unfortunately , did not get the beignets , so I am unable to compare to Cafe du Monde 's , but what we did get was decent .
The service was quite poor , though .
Girlfriend ( cpa ) got their " cpa " and liked it .
The avocado toast was just okay- the avocado did not seem fresh and it was just on regular wheat toast .
We have always enjoyed this restaurant and the entire dinning experience .
I loved coming here when it was in the old location with my mother .
My husband had the jambalaya and cat fish and to be honest it seemed as if it was left overs .
We had the chicken little pasta , chicken wrap , quiche , and I had the monte cristo which was the best I ever had !
It 's nice to see Ybor getting cool at this end of town with this place , Ybor Daily Market , the taxidermy art place , etc .
I 've lived in the Philadelphia area for about 15 years and I 'm sad to say that I only learned of Ralphs about a year ago .
The whole thing is fantastic .
Well folks , there is no " the book " so if it happens to you , do n't fall for it .
The items were seasoned well and was very flavorful .
The prices for entrees , about $ 8-$12 for most items , were in - line with what I was expecting and were pretty well - sized .
And she did n't even give me the right change and it was all coins !
On the other hand , the french fries were pretty tasty!-- crispy and well seasoned .
Fish and Chips for my husband - There was something wrong ...
Everything was very tasty and they had a nice selection of homemade salsas .
In fact , some had gotten in my husband 's wine glass !
Upon moving to the area we were excited to come across the business and decided to take a visit .
There was some confusion at check - in but we thought it had been taken care of .
One of the times we came the bathroom was pretty dirty , that 's the only minus .
It was like eating a tumms .
Very accommodating without the hidden charges ! !
The cost of the actual room was about $ 220 overnight on a Wednesday .
This is not the easiest restaurant to get to as it is nestled deep in South Philadelphia but it is totally worth seeking out .
on Thursday but that 's the best time to get a seat ! !
...... should I say , this " infamous " establishment ..... ha ha ha ! !
The table behind us walked out due to the awful service , and I 'm currently wondering why I did n't .
I had a glass of the pinor noir ( the only one you can order by the glass ) fantastic wine !
The decor is so warm and inviting - very elegant and beautiful - whoever decorated has great taste .
Ultimately they received more money than I personally thought the whole experience was worth , hence my poor star rating .
When our waitress finally came back with our food , we were able to order the Irish Car Bomb shake ( $ 9 ) .
The service was so very bad .
One of the ingredients was a complete lie .
Excellent spot .
We went on Sunday to grab some breakfast while it was raining out .
We went to West Tampa Sandwich Shop on armenia today and had the worst experience and will never go back .
The French toast was amazing for real too !
The Royal Sonesta is simply a great place to stay at while visiting the French Quarter .
It was gritty and chewy , as if it had caramel in it .
Maybe she was new , IDK , but it took her 3 trips to our table before she was ready to take our order .
It was apparent the wait staff was much more interested in hanging out in the back then doing their job .
The waitress offered to refund my money for the dessert ...
It was a last stop on Christmas Eve .
The servers are attentive to getting your name on the list promptly .
I had the pasta an did nt really like it . But ate it it was really too much garlic . I"ll come here for the appetizers !
But the salmon benni , the breakfast sandwich , their French toast , we 're all ones I 'd gladly eat again .
I went with lunch and the special bbq chicken quesadilla .
All of the ingredients were super fresh and seasoned to perfection .
The filet mignon was not tender .
I see it on the screen , I see it 's on my receipt , but when I get handed the item , it 's just not what I ordered .
We got the beef carpaccio , burger , and truffle fries .
The decor was beautiful and the employees were very friendly and kind .
The way the plate is set up here looks so pretty that you almost hate to eat it .
My father - in - law thought his burger was a little dry , but he ate it all anyway ... which states that he liked it in a way ?
The servers are very pleasant & breakfast was on point !
It was when the entrees arrived that things went down hill .
I concur with the other comments that this place is awful .
We ordered the smores dip , which was flambé'd .
The food was delicious service was fantastic .
Chef Marc Vetri presented each dish to us , and this was especially incredible - they roast the goat outdoors for hours .
I ordered the Philly cheese steak .
Other guy who is extremely nice is Mourissio ( spelling ?
Fried chicken was delicious .
I 'm not a fan of Yuca , but this was n't bad .
The clam chowder was excellent .
The setup of this place was a bit different .
When the shrimp and grits came out I was honestly disappointed .
The food was a different story .
I was very impressed to see she had commented on my first review .
Not totally clear on what makes this Peruvian ( I suspect the seasonings ) but I am happy they 're here .
Went to Cody 's for the first time last night and I was impressed .
She then kindly replied , " Oh , these are green onions , you did n't say green onions , we just took out those ' other ' onions . "
Service : attentive but not overbearing .
The show was very entertaining and we especially liked the host , Red Bean .
( this is the only way they enjoy pizza ) .
every dish was picked by the chef .
I was impressed with the selection and fresh quality of the food choices .
The filling I thought was a little under seasoned , but when I rolled it around in the Chili Oil , it was quite tasty .
The pizza was nothing too special but it was definitely delicious .
I- the introduction to the place was great as well !
Opting for the biancomangiare and the zeppoli .
For a cheap Mexican place downtown , it ca n't be beat .
The place was dirty and smelled .
They gave us dairy cheese instead of vegan cheese , and at least one item was incorrectly labeled as dairy - free .
The shepherd salad was not quite what I expected but was tasty .
:) The samosas and lassis are also fantastic .
I m from Vegas that i thought this would be like a robertos which those are amazing .
I read reviews prior to arriving so I was prepared to wait .
Loved the banana pudding too .
I waffled between 2 and 3 stars , but went with 3 because it was overall a pleasant experience .
Oh em gee so many huge and beautifully crafted treats .
I 'm happy we stumbled upon this little gem .
I should have taken a cue from my server Tony when I asked him what was good to eat there .
It was one of those cold cloudy days , and the mashers with gravy were the perfect comfort food compliment to my wings .
Did n't expect much , since it always seems touristy .
That s because the prices , in my opinion are on the lower side .
The prices were incredibly reasonable considering the quality of the food .
The rolls were good , as was all of the special stuff that we that had n't ordered .
I tried to get their attention but clearly they were preoccupied .
All of the employee 's there are friendly and helpful ( I can barely pronounce " perform " correctly ) .
For dessert , I got a slice of key lime pie , which was solidly good , as expected .
We then waited over an hour for our food .
It was a nice balance between the heat of the taco to the cooling of the campechana .
Service was ok all I got was blank stares as I looked at the menu .
Bland - not even sure it was carne seca , at least in my opinion .
I love the caprese .
We were seated upstairs and was lead up a beautiful open staircase that ended in a warm and stylish dining room .
The bartender was extra helpful and polite .
Big city martini and osso bucco for Mr. Our awesome waiter was Joe and the live music was awesome !
We did eat here on a Monday morning so it may have been an off day .
but the last three things at this location things have gotten progressively worse ..
I had the Cuban and my wife had the grouper sandwich .
I like to come here sometimes since its very close to my work location .
She worked extra hard to make sure we all had a good time and we did .
It came with fruit which was nice .
We ate here on our last night in New Orleans .
Sopes , tostadas , enchiladas , fajitas , burritos , fish tacos .... all excellent and sooooo reasonable !
Do n't waste your time at Cafe Dumonde , Morning Call has always been the best place for locals to get beignets !
To be fair , I 'm also not a fan of " artsy " pizza ... like Pi .
* * Keep in mind that it can be a little loud in the restaurant sometimes .
The food was really good !
They made up a story that I tried to hit a bartender ( mind you I tipped 25 % and was having a good night .
I especially liked the guacamole !
I would 've preferred the Japanese style , but it was like a poached egg or something .
I have just moved to the area and happen to be barley a block away .
One addition I did especially appreciate here were all the dining options .
Ru Sans a great place to stop in and get sushi .
The broth is so dark it is almost a black color .
It felt more like a salad .
STAY AWAY DONT WASTE YOUR TIME
And she said how the bouncer let us in ?
Sorry to the cali girl ( review below ) , this is New Orleans .
The appetizer took about 20 mins .
The Taj saved the day and kept us out of some crappy chain restaurant in a strip mall .
I have been to a Peruvian restaurant in New York with her .
We did n't end up eating any of our side since they were so big , we each only finished two tacos !
I did n't see the other steam boat until the next day and so glad we booked a tour for this steam boat .
It 's not set up to hang out , but Oliver will show you around and tell you everything about the coffee he 's roasted for the day .
Edit : we tried their brunch !
It came out of the shell beautifully with ease , and melted like butter in my mouth .
The Fish sandwich was fair .
Food was very good , in the to - go tray they made sure it had a good presentation !
This place is extremely neat and clean .
Everything seems like it is canned or store bought and it seemed like there was no fresh ingredients .
The chicken tacos were cold .
I 'm from Miami and the Pollo Tropicals over there are 20 times better .
I 've never had chicken this succulent in my life ; it literally fell off the bone .
It was very pleasant and traveled all over the building without being too loud or annoying at all .
It is wonderful on so many levels - from the service to the food to the decor .
My husband and I are raving fans of this place and its owner .
The service here was amazing .
The pizza was tasty and enjoyable , but hardly memorable .
We love this place ! ! !
The aioli sauce was watery .
We have the enchiladas verdes and pollo y chorizo con queso and they were some of the best in town .
The atmosphere and ambiance is pretty awesome .
She offered us day credits but since we are from out of town , this was n't a viable option .
Super busy Cinco de Mayo evening .
The hype was real .
I requested seating near the fish tank .
The fried potatoes were pretty ' meh ' , but the ' pink death ' hot sauce was killer .
It was our first time there and all of their food was good .
We were led to a booth and our server was Katie , who was on the ball and incredibly charming .
Waiter came by with the bill and I handed him my credit card .
She did a piss poor job of correcting the issue .
If you 're in the area and want a cheesesteak and miss this spot it is truly your loss .
The atmosphere was nice and the location convenient .
The owner is moving around the floor the whole time and he is really really nice .
Only knock on the place is that it 's pretty small , so make sure to call ahead to reserve a table or check for a wait .
Try this place -- you wo n't regret it .
They did bring us free edamame because of our wait and could n't have been nicer .
NEVER did we get an apology , nor was the item replaced nor taken off the check ! ! ! ! !
I never return the food because doing so makes me feel bad , so I just eat and quietly complain .
Arrive at 7:00 AM and this was one of the only places open in the morning in the Garden District .
6 rolls of sushi , a handful of sashimi , and about $ 70 + later , we were left with the overwhelming feeling of meeehhh .
We got the pork shank instead but it was n't the same .
We bought another pizza to eat the next day at home .
Well , as far as the food goes ... it was really good ( better than my previous experience ) .
It 's layers upon layers of chips and melted cheese , and it was cold by the time it got to me .
He was also happy with his choice even though his face was completely red .
My food order was taken by another waiter who saw I had not been served , and by the look on his face , felt sorry for me .
My family was drawn into Rotten Ralph 's by their good Happy Hour prices .
The second time we went we both ordered two drinks right when we sat down .
Boyfriend got the brisket enchiladas and he said that the charro beans tasted home - made and were his favorite part .
Pho , bahn mis and spring rolls are all perfect !
The day we came they had crawfish omelette a with lots of big delicious crawfish .
Our server was friendly but seemed distracted .
After we got our food , we were SO surprised to see this place had 2 stars .
The only negative comment is the that the wait staff seemed stretched a little thin .
We are dinner at 6 pm , and were the only people in the place .
It tasted like I was going to the fair eating a funnel cake .
Dessert was much awaited and we were very happy with our selections nog panna cotta and chocolate tamale , both were delicious .
Luckily , we stopped by while there was no Philadelphia sports team playing as this location is right by the sports complex .
The drinks were wonderful !
We thought maybe the light was burnt out or someone just forgot to plug it in .
Great little find , right by the hotel we stayed in .
The sandwiches and wrap were great .
We wasted our time going there to find the kitchen was closed more than 2 hours before closing time .
The smoothie was SOO good .
We received the Fiesta cake by accident , and the server was kind enough to allow us to keep both slices of cake .
Her meat was tough as well .
My husband and I went this morning for breakfast .
We bought 5/6 cheeses a couple of dry meats and a bottle of Cannonau wine .
My brother asked for a burger , medium - well , it came out raw .
The pork and ham were good .
We ordered oysters and none of them were cut properly so we had to scrape them out with our forks before we could eat them .
We would not recommend this place to others
The staff was also really friendly .
I ordered wings and she did n't once speak to us again .
We went in just as lunch was ending , but before dinner .
One of the tragedies of the human condition is imagination .
Sadly the hour wait was the typical story of the night for anyone that stopped here during GMX .
So this place was a great find .
The sides he got were also good ..
I also ordered the hot chocolate and it was delicious .
We had the pepperoni pie and the crispy artichokes .
My favorite Mexican restaurant in Indy .
Got a taste of the Groothie and I 'm glad I did because it was too sweet for me .
As expected , the chicken was big , juicy , and crispy .
The staff could not have been more attentive to my wife and I.
Overall , it was a very delicious meal in a fun , comfortable environment .
The guacamole was definitely fresh .
We had the pickle flight and nachos , along with several cocktails .
It 's run down , the decor is tacky , beaten up , miss - matched and cheap .
The hamburger I had was yummy .
The food looked slopped on the plate .
My salmon was grilled perfectly with a nice crisp to the top and was so moist inside .
The service was quick and the food came out hot and fast .
Awesome place that we highly recommend ! !
I thought that has to be huge but I did n't see a single patty option .
It is ALOT of beets and ALOt of goat cheese , but oh so good !
Very cool atmosphere , and the donuts and donut sandwiches , which have a fancy name where AMAZING ! !
It was so hot that I downed 5 glasses of water , had tears in my eyes , and could n't finish the rest of my meal .
It 's nestled on Leithgow Street just a notch off of South Street .
hahaha However , she did mention that she grew up in West Philly eating Ethiopian food .
All of our meals were amazing , this will now be a regular spot for us , and they do togo !
The fun does nt stop there .... we paid for a junior sweet with a sofa and a chair , two beds , and paid extra for a pull out bed .
My husband ordered the squash blossoms stuffed with ricotta and mozzarella cheese and I the beef carpaccio .
They said they were not told that was the case .
The patio is hidden from all the cars with the tall wall of bushes .
The music was pretty good when we went there .
The salsa was a thick mushy mess .
While we were exploring the menu trying to decide what to pick(which is extremely hard to do as everything looks amazing ) .
Only ordered there pizza but man is it salty and just plain .
I thought the bread was amazing and the ingredients tasted very fresh .
The host was not friendly and gave the feeling of us being a burden to them .
And make sure to take a look around the dining room - it 's gorgeous .
I added sour cream and grilled jalepeno .
We went here because we found a Groupon and because of the owners , who star on It 's Always Sunny .
Its a great place for Brunch .
Arrived at 9:22pm to a sign that read " closed early ... sorry management " during all star weekend / mardi gras !
We ended the meal with the Guinness pudding - it was tasty , but very small for the price .
Took 45 min to get our food , and of the 6 different dishes only 1 had any real flavor ( ravioli ) .
The place is majorly dive - y.
We took my father here for his 80th birthday .
2nd guy was in line for a refuns because he was double charged for an incorrect order .
No host , no bartender , no server to be seen .
Water came out in glass cups .
My wife and I got the veggie burgers and they are super vegan friendly and everything is absolutely delicious .
I googled Bento box nearby and Bussemey Japanese steakhouse came up as one of the options .
We had to walk over and ask for service .
This is my go - to Vietnamese place in the LGD .
After ordering the tofu vermicelli she found out it had fish sauce on it and told the waitress .
The bartender , Mary was a bit uninviting .
Probably burned as the top of the Capone was a little black .
I do n't think any of the beers tasted like the description listed .
Loved the ceviche , the enchiladas and finally the flan .
Why hurry us when the place is almost empty ? .
It 's nothing fancy , but I had a great lunch here .
We sampled several varieties , all of which were average .
When dining we were seated promptly , as I had reservations .
On top of that , there was hardly any cheese in or on it , and I did n't see or taste any dill .
There was a nice assortment of vegetables , and the chicken had that weird texture - like it was boiled rather than sautéed .
Needless to say , I was pretty pumped to eat here and had really high expectations .
I swear this place can really do no wrong .
We shared a side order of the famous baked mac & cheese .
They put them in the dish and threw some spice on top .
It was on her bucket list , we both love food , so I went for it .
My family is mexican and I grew up down south so I am always a little disappointed in mexican food here in Indy .
When I showed the waitress the receipt she said the deal ended yesterday .
The sample sweets we got were delicious and the coffee was super fresh .
Safe to say I was a BIG fan .
Was totally not worth the $ $ and def suggest to not order this !
We were very pleased with the ambiance , service and food / drink .
I went here on a VERY busy day and everything moved very quickly !
We stopped by there for lunch today .
A very unique dining experience .
The food was delicious and felt like I was eating at my Mom 's dinner table .
My fiancé got the country fried steak and that was amazing as well !
We waited for a good 5 - 6 minutes to put an order in .
It has nt happened to me but I am a spaz and always think it will .
We had to flag down our waiter ( Barry ) a couple of times to remind him about things he forgot .
My friends insisted on going and could n't believe I had n't been there yet .
They were also a little salty .
We had the best dining experience today .
I am simply grateful as hell that this place exists in Tampa .
My wife took a bite of her chicken and immediately received a burn in her mouth .
We only went for dinner and had duck and a fish dish .
All of us really enjoyed our meals !
The meatloaf sandwich was delicious !
We just started eating it when the server brought my salad ( which was ok ) and my daughter 's soup ( bleh ) .
The fries were skinny and soggy .
The guacamole was delicious - I loved the pistachio topping !
The owner makes a point to check on everyone and make sure everything is ok .
Went on a Monday night early and we were seated right away .
I did not even have a chance to try it .
We had such a great meal at Spiro 's tonight !
It was not crowded and yet the staff seemed to forget about us and were n't being attentive .
We showed the cashier the order confirmation and they informed us the online ordering system was having some issues .
The store blends into the not - so - pretty plazas of St.
The burger was cooked to perfection and the fries were nice and crispy .
A great hidden treasure .
After waiting for our hibachi chef for an hour , I finally went to talk to the manager about this .
My husband and I moved to st Pete about 6 months ago and this is by far one of our new favorite places we 've tried .
Oh and they valet park - which I hate using , but its convenient when there s no parking spaces !
We got the sausage biscuit which was alright ...
I was in a rush so had to order something simple yet covered my favorite meats : duck , roast pork , chicken .
The eggplant was served in a small fryer basket on top of a thick cutting board .
I thought adults were the target market but that 's not even close to the truth .
I want to make it clear I am only talking about this Moxie 's location ..
I 've been wanting to try that place for a while and I am so glad I did !
Had the BBQ oyster appetizer , it was ok .
The corn bread pudding was amazing !
Best place to grab a bite to eat in Smyrna ! ! !
The chips were alright , we have had better chips in other locations
Ca n't believe this pit stays open .
Not only was our server attentive , knowledgeable and sweet , but the food was delicious !
Came here on a Saturday afternoon with a group of friends , we all enjoyed the bacon Bloody Mary 's !
Gastriqued cherries along with a cherry and hazelnut puree decorated the rest of the plate .
The food and staff were both excellent !
We ride the short bus apparently and the coupon we had was for the place down the street .
So I was little disappointed with the food .
There was n't anything too special about this mac n cheese and yet it was so delicious .
I had always enjoyed their prepared meals , but I 'm especially excited to have such a terrific butcher nearby .
I was a bit let down that it was only rings and there was n't much calamari only 6 or so pieces for $ 13.00 .
The rice and lamb was perfectly cooked .
The Tso wings writer the wasabi blue cheese dipping sauce was wonderful ...
We had loaded fries for our appetizer , and they were not the best ( and it 's hard to mess up fries ... ) .
The atmosphere here is so nice and cozy .
Servers were friendly and attentive .
In my opinion it 's worst the the other way they make it:- ( .
They obviously take pride in their business , and are the nicest people you 'd ever want to meet .
I had a hard time deciding if this place earns three or four stars ... it 's kind of right in the middle .
The service and teamwork was outstanding .
There 's street parking and public parking lot that 's about a 6 minute walk from this Thai paradise .
People go see Sabor del Caribe you do n't know what you are missing .
When the burger arrived I realized why it was two patties .
We put in our dinner orders right away .
The croque - Madame was a perfect mix of ham , cheese , and egg .
Our waiter checked up on us a good amount .
We went to their other location a couple days ago .
We made reservations ahead and they had our table ready 10 mins before we got seated .
If told the truth , we would not have stayed .
I had the coconut shrimp as an appetizer - they were very good .
Hat trick of horrible .
The grits were pretty plain ( even for grits ) and the bread was pretty hard , but the omelette was tasty and cheap .
OK , they never brought a chutney tray and we never asked .
From the very beginning she treated us like family .
If you live in IV or Goleta it is a no brainer .
My brother and I have eaten in and ordered take out from this place multiple times .
I really enjoyed the filet mignon and parmesan risotto .
I owed Ralph the respect of their kitchen .
Chicken and shrimp were good .
Both the Hyatt and the Fat Rooster staff were very friendly , and the breakfast buffet had a lot of healthy choices .
I was told they would be sending a free drink and dessert due to the tardiness , but those items never arrived .
I found myself at one point leaning on the napkin covered table , and wondering what it would be like to sit out there instead .
We ordered a local seasonal picked vegetable plate with a rabbit pate .
The eggs were tasteless and the portions were small .
We each had some king crab legs and Dungeness crab legs , there was also shrimp and smoked sausage .
Homemade bread was amazing and everything was delicious .
The smalls are huge ! ! !
The cheese was slightly bland , but the spices were good .
Went to two different party 's this week at ole Reds first upstairs private party the food very good service was even better .
She gave me a blank stare and did not seem to know what the heck that was .
The styling of the plate and presentation was unique .
We ordered the Asian chicken salads and the Cajun pasta and both were excellent .
What really made me a fan , aside from the chicken , was the bread pudding .
She brought me a menu , then did n't make eye contact again for 15 minutes !
One of my biggest pet peeves is not being able to park .
We got on the phone supposedly with their manager , and the manager said he would give us a gift card for next time we came .
Oh , how I miss the city !
He gave us great recommendations and checked on us frequently .
The worst staff .
The buffet had a lot of food , with crab legs , prime rib , roast pork , shrimp , calamari , and steak as the main meat items .
Only thing I can complain about is she messed up on our order .
My friend and I happened on this place while walking my dog through the neighborhood .
So it is a good friends birthday today and we all met up here .
The other ordered Pig in the Blanket ( pancake wrapped around a sausage ) , which she ended up eating the sausages only .
And did we mention the live music ... a juke joint on Headhouse Square ... c'mon people , you got ta love THAT .
It was also on the salty side , but the clams !
We loved the Beach and Legend Açaí Bowl and ate the bowl clean !
A very frustrating experience .
One of the first places we ate when we moved to Florida .
Unfortuntely , the service left us in a sour mood despite the quality of the food .
The parking garage is nasty like New Jersey ... garbage all over , stinks , gum on the ground , just shit .
The grits and mac and cheese were incredible .
and cut in half!!!---they were about 1/4 inch thick ! ) for $ 10 !
This is a perfect place for a fancy date or special occasion and it 's perfect located in the heart of center city !
The kitchen obviously did n't care about the product they sent out .
It is one of the closest restaurants to us , so we wanted it to be good , but we will not be returning .
The shrimp were perfect .
My husband and I went with another couple and brought a bottle of white wine ( no corking fee ) .
Then the scallops made our eyes roll back in their sockets .
the baguette was nicely crisped and the filling was flavorful .
Have to admit that I was a little skeptical , but so happy we gave this place a try after reading the good reviews on Yelp .
Poor lighting very dark ca n't even see your food all the food was average .
The fries were excellent .
The food was really good and well priced especially considering the location .
We went here for dinner and it was fairly busy , although reservations were not necessary .
The room was the cheapest they had , but still really nice , and very clean .
The fried chicken and the pot roast were very good .
My boyfriend ordered a hot pot soup and it was delicious .
There was probably 4 other folks while we were there who got an IOU .
My dad and I came to Philadelphia for a night from NYC to sight see .
My girlfriend and I love this place .
Best wonton mee soup ! !
Did I mention the wine was a summer wine which totally went with both items ?
The food was okay at best .
We stopped in here for lunch today and it did not disappoint .
Ok for a 45 minute wait at the drive through at least the food was correct and hot .
Probably one of the coolest experiences I had while dining in St.
I called in an order for a chicken dish , and it was hot and ready 10 minutes later when I arrived .
prob took like 80 minutes to eat .
The sandwiches and salads and soup were very good .
I was so excited about this meal , I came home to review it immediately .
I went with bacon , which was really good - thick slices , nice and crispy .
I had read reviews before going and some were negative .
We sat ourselves down at the bar and got to drinking .
They were busy when we arrived around 12:30 ( so right at lunch ) and they still kept everything moving in a very quick pace .
And the chicken was a little dry .
After what seemed like an eternity ( actually about 15 minutes ) our order was taken .
We ordered both specials of the day : fresh uni and king salmon .
We had stuffed chicken wings for appetizers it was good and different ..
The man / parking lot bouncer ( not sure of his name ) was completely rude ...
I then asked for the owner , whose name apparently is Anthony .
We visited NOLA last week and took the truly awesome and informative Steamboat Natchez trip on March 30 .
The manager / owner ( I 'm not sure what position he holds ) is extremely rude to every customer that walks in the door .
The food is very authentic and wonderful .
After almost an hour there with no drinks we tracked down a manager who told us our good never even got entered .
My wife and I had been wanting to go here but just had n't made it a priority .
The fries were hot , crispy and had a great taste .
The ambience is very rustic and appealing to the senses .
I think it 's a bit much for how much you get ( pretty small ) and it 's not like it 's the BEST Mac I 've ever tasted though .
I appreciated it too since I ended up with everyone 's cilantro .
The food smelled great .
Finally not prego so the marg was delish
We were led to a nice booth and greeted by a young girl waitress .
It really is the cheapest sushi in town and it is A LOT better than most other places in Nashville .
My boyfriend and I decided to go to The Smiling Elephant on a Friday night .
We stayed for several days and pretty much liked the room .
After half a dozen oysters I started to feel nauseous .
It still seemed to be a very quiet place anyway .
The waitress we had was really nice and prompt with everything .
The beer came out , although tasty it was n't cold enough at all .
I had the French toast ( fruit on the side ) with an a la carte fried egg on the side .
El Rey is my favorite Americanized Mexican restaurant in Nashville ! !
I am not a restaurant manager , but to me it seems like a poor decision to remove such an item from the menu .
Tapas was the perfect way to go here ..
The magic bar was delicious !
Again its not super sweet , which I am a fan of , but the frosting really ruined the whole experience for me .
There was nothing special about the rice i mean it was just rice , the shrimp were over cooked , the ahi tuna was !
Even though were just passing through Nashville , I have to admit they make a mean burger .
I had the Sea Food Linguini , which was no big deal .
All in all a great experience .
As for customer service , our waitress was incredibly nice and accommodating .
Took one bite and asked for our check to get the heck out .
Concierge was extremely helpful arranging for a dinner reservation at short notice .
We figured the mushroom soup to be perfect ... along with the oyster app .
We were excited for our food ...
Went here because it was near our home in Sparks .
We started with the guacamole made table - side , which was delicious and fresh .
My husband and I took our tween son for dinner .
Everything looked so old we could n't find anything to make a positive comment about .
We got there about half an hour after opening and floors from night before had nt been swept .
We went back last night- the tables were all dirty , lamps full of dirt and dead bugs- so that was a turn off .
A bad experience all around .
The back outdoor garden was nice and quiet near the outdoor oven .
I 'd go back in a St Louis minute
The meal was absolutely delicious , as is customary at Oakleys .
The food was tasty and high quality .
The woman who runs the place is quite an amazing worker .
It 's located in a small town and seems to be one of the few big diners around there .
I feel the same about their beers as well .
Given that we were going the Sunday before Memorial Day , I called ahead to make sure they had some availability .
I had the grilled salmon .
The music was great , and I loved the tiny dance floor - it was packed and everybody was having a great time .
We ate here a few days ago and it was good ...
There were lots of shrimp and the broth was hot and was very flavorful .
Wait , did I mention the cannolis ?
The restaurant next - door however was not yet open so we sat at one of their tables thinking no one would mind .
My meal was pretty fantastic .
When we questioned the hostess , she mentioned that there was no restriction on the reservation times for that night .
Our server ( Melody / Melanie ? ) helped to make the entire evening very special .
I do n't usually like potato salad but this was really good !
Never a bad meal at Ralph 's .
Honestly if this was my last meal on earth I would die a happy man ...
I will also be filing a formal complaint with corporate regarding the disrespect we recived .
It 's just one of those things at this place I only order the chicken burritos .
The buffet : It would seem that most of the food had been out there for quite some time .
El Jeffe is our favorite ... Don Julio , lime juice , agave , and a splash of Grand Marnier .
The bread was outstanding !
I 'm bummed I did n't review about this bakery right away .
We had a great conversation .
We sat at the bar and were greeted by a bartender who started by telling us they were out of most food items .
I can * maybe * understand if I ordered one roll or a couple pieces of sashimi but that was just annoying and unacceptable .
It was heavily breaded and the eggplant was so thin I practically had to get a magnifying glass out to see it .
Food was ready within 10 minutes of placing the order .
He never gave us any food updates ..
The 7 courses dinner is a truly culinary experience , fishes are so fresh , flavors are subtle and delicate .
The lamb was wonderful .
The monitor I ordered was okay , nothing to write home about .
It was cold outside and the super huge fireplace made the perfect atmosphere including the low lighting .
Tuscon , you are overlooking a gem !
My stepmother ordered the chicken sandwich and the chicken was so dry !
Also , they switched locations .
My husband and I eat at Molldeli about once a week , marking it one of our favorite lunch spots .
It 's truly the saltiest food I 've ever had .
It always made the place a little more endearing because we were hated so .
Staff was friendly & attentive .
But it tasted good , so we helped eat his meal .
This place was awesome to eat at .
I live downtown now , so I 'm a bit spoiled in terms of available choices .
We had our drink order taking by one young lady , whom I was concerned only spoke monosyllabically .
Service was good and they refunded us the price of the shrimp because we thought the shrimp tasted a little too fishy .
Only took 1 star off cuz it 's a weeeeeeeeeee bit pricey but totally worth it .
Luke warm ... and they dropped and ran no asking us if we wanted pepper or cheese like we heard them ask at the table next to us .
I ended up using the serving tray .
Where they sat us it smelled like an elderly persons diaper .
My sister and I split the breakfast tacos & the veggie omelet .
The gumbo appetizers , 3 soup sampler , artichokes , and fried oysters were amazing .
The desserts were fantastic .
Service was very attentive and fast .
The birria was super dry and tough .
My mom for not being a big fan of spicy foods loved Curry Seafood combo .
We waited an hour but nothing was ever " prepped " , except Mac and cheese or charcuterie .
Heard great thing about this place from our friends .
Southern bean , as a southern girl I have to say I 've never had spicy green beans , they were awful !
this was a wonderful breakfast experience .
I boxed my food up and then threw it away the minute I got home .
Was n't impressed , yes it was a Sat night , yes the NHL playoffs were across the street so I expected a wait .
This is my second visit here to find out they do n't have any KFC items available .
This was our first time to order takeout at this place and most likely it will be the last .
I HATE that band - so it totally ruined my whole experience in there .
The chicken breast was juicy and not dry at all , which was great .
We really enjoyed out dinner here .
It 's a very professional , intimate atmosphere .
I decided I would order an iced mocha and it was brought promptly .
I ca n't recall what I got when I came here because I came with a group and we just passed everything around .
Big fan of this place .
Easily my favorite spot to eat in Philly .
Wonton soup and spring roll were just ok , but shrimp lomein , fried rice and general tso 's chicken were all tasty .
All the food we tried was outstanding .
I was desperate , yet this is a VERY iffy neighborhood , even in the daytime .
I stopped here for some chicken on my way down south and overall , it was an okay experience .
The only good thing is the uni .
We also ordered # 15 which was kind of chicken curry .
Our waiter was friendly and gave us great service with a smile !
We went with a big group of seven and were struggling about how much to order , what to pick etc .
I went to the 60th anniversary celebration recently and it was great fun !
Reading prior reviews , I was n't sure what to expect .
Not to worry , bae finished the rest .
i 've been to dickey 's in at least three locations in other cities .
My companion had the Asian citrus salad and she thought it was really fresh and very tasty .
Total slime balls ! !
We rolled in here around 5:30 on a Friday night so were still able to get a table .
We ordered chicken and pork tacos .
Cappy 's got a 4 rating from me only because when we were there they had an extremely loud group sitting in the middle .
While we were ordering our waitress did n't have the power to take our order .
Yeah I get it , the food will be expensive because it 's a resort .
Edley 's is my favorite BBQ in town .
We had wings and pizza from here and we thought it was some of the best around .
Horrible experience , pizza was soggy and cold when I received it , took 2 hours until I actually received my order as well .
The choices , however , are very diverse in flavour and taste .
the wine and coffee were good .
We also got some crabs to share , they were a good size and were warm and cleaned .
I was still a little surprised at how small this place is .
I expect better service at this calibur of resturant The shrimp were not of good flavor as we 've has before here or at St.
Green beans were delicious and bacony , and the 4 - cheese Mac and Cheese was good ... and a little kick of heat !
After a few bites , our entrees arrived .
The chipotle avocado sandwich was OK .
The rolls were poorly wrapped .
The lonely 4 shrimp in the shrimp creole were mealy .
One got the Asian wrap and made ' yum ' noises the entire time we ate .
The Roti - Canai is simply amazing and so is the chicken fried rice ..
The biggest bowl of Pho is a lake of The servers were friendly and fast and adequately attentive .
We ordered the Caribbean plate with Jamaican jerk , curry and stew chicken .
There was a lot of big chunks of white meat chicken in the dish .
The food was amazing ( especially their prime rib ! ) And the beer ( fiancé LOVED the PeckerWrecker ) was incredible .
The delivery driver was one of the rudest people I have ever encountered .
It was thin boring bacon !
I did n't even want to think what their kitchen looked like in the back .
The curry goat was also very well prepared as so was the oxtail ( so tender and fall off the bone ) .
Those are the BEST times to go !
I felt extremely guilty , and very happy with the lunch buffet .
We came with a group of 10 at 9 pm and they set the table for us in advance .
The birthday cake was a little piece of chocolatey heaven .
It was n't diet food and I did n't care .
What a unique addition to Indy !
I tried the pate and it was a culinary experience .
I was under the impression that I could just swing by and grab something quick for dinner ...
We celebrated my birthday at HWK last night .
They came back and one side was really hot and the other side was still cold , third time it was edible .
When it came time to give her tip , I applied the coins she withheld from me -they became part of her tip .
Not enough of a crime to knock off a star , but it 's a bit of a waste of food .
I believe he placed directly with them , as we were able to pay in cash when the delivery guy arrived .
We ordered ribs , chicken , mac and cheese and beans .
They told me no , which is understandable , so I ordered " to go " and sat at the bar to wait .
We grabbed our drinks and some chips and waited somewhere between 8 - 10 minutes before we received our grinders .
My boyfriend got the mini waffles , which were soooo good .
There is a weird smell when you walk in the door ...
Very friendly and attentive staff .
The Child Who Eats Almost Nothing ( seriously , she wo n't eat chicken ) decided Pho sounded good .
The second course I had the calamari .
I tell the hostess we would take those and they do n't have to move them they are close enough that we would be good .
Whenever we come back to NOLA this will be one of our first stops .
The ambiance was beautiful and they even turned on a little fountain by the stairs when we were sat .
The crepes were fantastic .
The outdoor seating area was very pleasant under the umbrellas on a lovely Saturday afternoon .
This was definitely a good choice since the guac was super fresh and the queso was cheesetacular .
They make it right there in front of you , and you grab it and sit down .
All of our guests were very satisfied with the food and service .
This was the best meal we had !
Wait staff was attentive and the place was clean and well kept .
Sunday went to the clinic and was told I had food poisoning .
It is a cute little place .
I have better things to do " ?
The atmosphere is very cute and inviting and our service was great .
Really considering the wait was 45 mins , the line moved fast and then there was no long wait for our food .
I ca n't say how impressed I was by my meal here .
Not bad prices either ! !
After some questionable poke in Montreal this week , I was starting to get worried that good poke was only a West Coast thing .
Nothing to fix the problem ... then give us the wrong bill ! ! !
It was the best I have had at any Chinese restaurant ! ! !
The vegetarian entree was a bit odd and the items did n't have an apparent connection to one another .
We grabbed a half dozen apple cider donuts which usually you only find around pumpkin patches in the fall .
We arrived around 9 am .
Most pleasant , attentive thoughtful professional staff AND most importantly the best quality steak we have ever eaten out !
Look for people sitting outside eating and you wo nt miss this place .
Totally unacceptable in my book .
Once we saw the server again about 30min later she informed us the manager was the one who brought the appetizer .
Additionally , we were charged full price for those quesadillas even though we did n't have any meat .
The space is huge and very well appointed and beautifully decorated .
This was by far one of my favorite places on my recent trip to New Orleans .
Went there once for take home and when we got home there was no hamburger in the buns .
I also read a comment down there where it said that there was an empty parking lot on friday night at 6 pm .
Oh the power went out in the hotel at 6 am ish .
Light , fluffy but the icing was the perfect compliment of sweetness .
So going to Pita Jungle was not my choice but my soon to be in - law 's choice .
Hubby and I were eager to try this establishment due to a rave review from some close friends .
The Steak & Cake was good - the beef was the star and the crab cake was so , so .
Hendel 's in an awesome escape .
It looked like there were only 2 waitresses for the whole place and it was a Friday night .
I took a cab there and back ( cost about $ 20 ) .
We let our server pick the food
Anyway- we got a variety of tacos : fish , shredded pork , & shredded beef .
I 'm torn with this place .
After a few jokes and a smile she took our order .
The other food too was fantastic , so double win !
Our main server was Jess , who was AWESOME .
The service was good -- the waiter was attentive .
Felt like I was on a beach somewhere in the Caribbean .
The service was quick and efficient .
I ordered the sample platter , horrific , the chicken looked and tasted like frozen pressed meat , the ribs ....
Overall , we very much enjoyed our lunch here ,
The waiter was apologetic for the wait and seemed to be trying very hard .
It 's so awful that Indy can not support this nice restaurant !
The shrimp were flavorful and juicy and the spicy cocktail sauce was fantastic .
We are from South Florida , but she told me that these were the best fried shrimp she had ever eaten .
LOL Secondly , based on the message , I can tell that this lady is very argumentative .
We absolutely love this place !
Will make it a pit - stop next time I 'm in NO .
The main course was a medium rare porterhouse steak for me and the rack of lamb for the little lady .
I ordered a small Toscana pizza and an order of garlic knots .
The service here is spectacular .
I ate the clear soup , crunchy rolls and teriyaki chicken
The duck was overly oily and the hoisin sauce overwhelming .
I am not a picky eater and there is no way that was how it was supposed to taste .
Thankfully the filet mignon was exceptional .
The place itself is clean , and the service is prompt and friendly .
So yeah , we started out at another spot and they were out of food when we got there .
Awesome find during our short stay in Tucson !
We said we wanted string lighting and chandeliers in the trees ... no problem .
Well , they were about silver dollar size and had like 3 blueberries per pancake- I kid you not !
I ordered a burger medium , it came out MOOOing .
The burger was good ..
It is just an amazing combination .
- The prices are n't good , but not bad either .
We got there at a great time- if we wanted to eat inside we would have had to wait , but we were good eating outside .
There were multiple servers around who watched one server struggle .
It was pasta in tomato sauce with a minuscule piece of chicken .
The Mexican roll was excellent .
I really wanted to like Casselli 's , but it was n't in the cards .
She proceeded to try and explain how it was the correct sauce .
He said they made some adjustments to the recipes and they certainly did !
both Chicken parm entrees were very salty and greasy .
Ca n't wait for the breakfast options .
Great luxury institution of Nashville .
My wife said they were the BEST sweet potato fries she ever had , and we have eaten these everywhere .
When we were there , they were slammed all at once , but the owner stepped in , apologized , got us seated , and took our order .
The visit today was not the same .
For the pizzas , my wife and I chose to each get one 8 " , instead of sharing a 12 " .
I tried it too , and it was a fantastic treat .
There were only 3 other tables there when we came in but it filled up throughout the hour & a half we were there .
The fries were some of the worst I 've ever had .
Had the arepas , empanadas , and the chicken bowl .
This place is quaint and very homey .
The coconut cake is really good as are the tarts .
Finally , we had the Escolar , and it was so fresh and full of flavor .
We also ordered flammenkueche , this is like a really flat bread with cheese onions and bacon .. the bacon is so good .
The cheddar fries are quite delicious and the service was exceptional .
I went here last week for a special occasion dinner with family and we had a wonderful experience !
I had ice tea and my guy got the blueberry lemonade .
The only more expensive and more enjoyable breakfast has been at their sister restaurant " Luckys " down the street .
The Tuscan bean soup was delicious and the martinis were spot on .
I was pleasantly surprised by how good the bagel breakfast sandwich was .
This is our first time in Nashville and they made us feel very welcome .
I ordered the Cauliflower burger , it was tasty !
While we did indicate it was five and a high chair , we were taken to a table with six seats .
We thought this would be a fun place to go but were disappointed to find otherwise .
I really liked the vibe of the place .
All of it together made for a delicious bite .
It was FREEZING out and we were more or less expected to sit outside for the next two hours ! !
We had such a complicated order for hibachi , and they were so gracious .
I did n't see one other person with a water glass .
It was a $ 30 fried meal basically .
We also waited 40 minutes for 18 wings !
oh yea and waited 2 hours ....
The food was excellent , atmosphere quiet and intimate , and the service was attentive but not overly so .
So for the most part it was good all around .
I was blown away by how amazing the food was , it was not the typical wedding food .
Everyone that came in after seemed to get their food before us .
Gen tsos wings are just " ok " in my opinion .
I loved the fries , but the ones we got were super soggy and not crisp at all , which happens to be how I like it .
However in one of the atrium there was a water fountain show which was spectacular .
Eventually the bartender greeted us from behind the bar and pointed to the table where we will be seated .
It was definitely one of the go to restaurants on this small pier and we really did n't have to wait that long to be seated .
I ca n't wait until it warms up and we can hang out in the courtyard .
My most serious gripe , actually , is the music .
It is a bit loud !
My boyfriend ordered salmon Beni and it looked fabulous .
Because , wow , this place is super terrible .
This is a huge restaurant right on the water off the causeway .
I was very disappointed in the services here .
When I explain to the Manager that I did n't enjoy the food , he was rude and obnoxious .
This place reminded me of a place called Hacienda in Evansville .
in fact , the only reason we did n't eat there all three mornings is because we ate at another restaurant the first morning .
Strange too since it 's a relatively small location .
The clarinet guy keeps close tabs on his watch and books it out of the room the second they are done in there .
These people are so nice , as we came in a worker was cleaning the front door .
It was packed when I went inside but it took no time at all to get my box o ' donuts .
the food was average at best .
The carrot cake was the best .
Did a search and this place came up .
We were seated at the 20 min mark .
They crammed the three of us into a space that really was built for two people .
We had a wonderful waitress Bernadette who was very attentive and sweet .
The food is amazing ! !
It came with some focaccia on the side as well .
The beer sampler was great , too .
The wait staff and hosts were very nice , but my favorite employees were the oyster shuckers Rob , John , and Tim !
Our drinks were delicious and the food was great .
I am not an " always cold " person -- lots of other people were frosty too .
The service was extremely confusing .
My mom did send them back and after a bit of a wait , got a fresh batch .
I came last night for the first time in awhile and was pleasantly surprised at the upgraded menu ! ! ! !
This used to be one of my favorite places to eat .
Not sure what happened with their dining experiences but i found it to be a very nice experience .
idk the Chinese translation ) .
My baked potato was cold when it came out .
a group of peeps at work ordered to go from this place and we all enjoyed our lunch .
My husband and I use to eat here frequently ..
The sauce was way too acidic .
The hummus , tabbouleh and marinated veggies were all Amazing !
Fantastic food and with Happy there it could not be better ! ! !
We all ordered the different dishes and there were empty plates at the end .
They had girls gone vegan outside yesterday with a pop up gf beignet 's , both savory and sweet .
Finally , the gentleman who made the mistake was very apologetic .
These knocked us both on our ass .
I urged my friend that we should probably leave , but we had already waited long enough , so I reluctantly ordered .
In the end I paid $ 28 .
There were no complaints in that department .
Took alot longer to get seated , but it 's usually worth the wait .
The service was outstanding , our waiter Mario was very helpful , and entertaining .
We had an order of bread sticks as well .
Jamie was the best server / bartender ! !
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and would encourage a trip to St.
We kept waiting for the manager and nothing .
We got appetizers : satay and spring rolls , which were decent ( hence the two star rating ) .
We arrived early , and sat at the bar just in time for the happy hour special .
From the miso soup to the two rolls my sister and I shared !
My mom and I came here for breakfast .
My fiancé and I had the fries to start and I had the chicken penne and he had steak as entrees .
A colleague and I hopped on over to Paradise during our lunch break .
After a few crunches ( yes , crunches ) that was clearly not the case .
The manager do n't even care ..
We decided to try it out Friday night without reservation which was not a problem .
It was difficult to eat ( in the fridge too long ? ) , so it sort of gave the meal a poor finish .
The French toast is horrible .
Bread presentation was amazing
the pastries I got ( brownie and mini cheesecake ) were delicious and visually appealing .
One of my servers even made me an off menu dirty vodka martini and prepared the cheese stuffed olives for me fresh ... wow !
This review is mostly about my friends ' dishes and the general impressions I got more so than my own personal taste .
As a Wisconsin girl , born and bred , I can not abide " provel " .
So , what 's the final judgement ?
Our experience was sealed by her .
I am so upset that I do n't live close to this establishment though .
Also , service was very good ! !
And for god 's sake do n't ask to split a check !
The bartender was super knowledgeable about their beers and offered samples for free .
Especially at that price -- your survivors wo n't be left with much of a bill to cover !
Ca n't let the cheese sit too long but it is pretty good .
Ca n't wait to see this place nosedive
this was one of our favorites in Nashville and if we moved there it 'd be the place to go to a lot to be reminded of home .
I ca n't comment on the food because I 've never eaten anything .
The drinks are a little to expensive , some of them being as much as your meal itself , but I guess that 's because the location .
I did not call ahead but lucky us , they were clearing a Large long table booth that sat us all , no wait .
The tacos were just ok .
She seated us a couple tables right away and went over the menu and specials they offered that day .
Highly disappointing and both my boyfriend and I were sick all night .
My family and I have been here many times .
We sat in the bamboo room , which definitely added to the experience , if you are able and agile .
Something did n't taste right with that ( it 's curry ) .
Most of the dishes were a bit too sweet .
The crawfish beignet was delicious ...
Rib eyes tend to be on the fatty side but this had zero fat -- a wonderful piece of prime meat .
Crepes were creative and very well prepared and presented .
Dewey 's pizza is fantastic and it is one of the rare places where I actually eat the crust too .
The bartender is awesome and the banana pudding , OMG .
We had appetizers .
The children loved the view of the boats in the marina and their frozen mango drink .
We had so much fun at this place !
Also , there are no windows in the place that I remember , so it seems pretty dark , though some might call it cozy ?
Was invited by friends while visiting the area and was pleasantly surprised !
At 8:15 we came back and our table was ready .
The gator was cooked perfectly .
The food was average .
It seems like a place that 's overpriced and terrible because it can be due to its location .
Our room was fine - clean & pleasant .
We had the calamari for an app which was so amazing , and both entree 's were really good .
Our waitress was very friendly but did n't apologize for the delay .
No sweet tea ? !
My coworkers and I placed an order for Capriotti 's .
It was probably one of the nicest pros of having a house that was way out there on the edge of civilization .
We ordered the cheeseburgers and I loved mine .
We were really disappointed ..... gooey in the middle , burnt at the edges , tasted of plastic , AND $ 22 for a small ! !
Pleasant place .
Whoa this place is good ! !
Our service was great , and our food came out relatively quickly .
As for the food ..... Spicy feta was to die for .
The lavender latte was way too sweet .
They do n't take reservations but were able to seat our large group of 15 w/o any issues .
Took almost 45 minutes to tell us they did not have the wine we ordered .
The side dishes and drinks were good .
We come out to this area to the Nashville Running Company frequently so I 'm sure we will be back here often .
It 's a little hole in the wall place very charming .
My two friends said their curries were delicious ( yellow and panang ) too !
We had the charred oysters , crab cake sandwich and lobster bisque .
The food was not quality and the manager tried to make amends and knew this was a terrible experience .
We all ordered fried seafood dinners , except for my mom who got the seafood pasta with alfredo sauce .
We took all our recycling home .
Well , this time my wife had the forthought of recording the conversation in the drive thru .
Holy shit .
Was able to grab a seat at the bar as soon as we got in .
A bit of an odd experience .
This was the only disappointing thing on the menu - it was chewy and hard .
I was not very happy paying $ 4.00 for three small glasses of ice tea .
But we were starting to get in a hurry to leave so we could wash out the bad taste in our mouth .
We opted to run downstairs from the hotel , cause the menu was bigger than room service .
I was told they hired an additional cook .
My husband and I had the Pollo Asado taco - which was all chipotle .
Toilet did n't flush , no toilet paper or paper towels and overall gross .
Our only complaint is that it seemed a bit expensive for the quantity that they gave .
The two gentlemen working the bar were extremely helpful and welcoming .
The only critique I had is that the charcuterie plate came with three cheeses , two meats , and only five small pieces of bread .
I got the chipotle burger and my husband got the chicken sandwich .
Awesome place - too bad some awful woman complained about the dogs - our little dog loved visiting !
This was an " out of the way " spot which was near where I was staying , so I thought I 'd take a chance .
I was a little sad that they did n't have my strawberry donut I was looking forward to very much .
Ca n't believe I have never been to this BBQ joint .
Tonight in particular if We had to pick a favorite - we ca n't .
The rest , just the worst experience I have ever had at a brunch , the absolute worst !
We had an amazing meal and experience !
The ambiance and music was great .
The French fries here are completely mediocre too .
She made me instantly feel like I was in good hands and my very particular vision was possible .
Tres van & wu is usually my number one spot , but it 's much more pricey .
My friend and I both had the jambalaya and fried catfish and were both sorely disappointed .
After all the worriedness that she had , she was extremely happy with both the pizza and the awesome vintagey atmosphere .
Great concept and great food ! !
The wine Katie recommended was a fine choice , exactly what we wanted .
The guy next to me had mussels that looked awesome .
The margarita was okay .
The Cashew Chicken was good , the soup was good , Their pork fried rice awful .
It was an overall great atmosphere and our waiters were wonderful .
They finally got our table pulled together for us and we had a very friendly server from what it seemed .
The pickled veggies were tasty and crunchy .
As a friend once said , " if you leave there with any folds in your stomach it 's your own d ...
When she returned with plates for the pizza , she gruffly dropped them on the table .
Most trucks were placing " SOLD OUT " signs just as we were arriving .
I smashed it with my menu and it fell on to our table where I proceeded to conceal it in a napkin .
The goat cheese really complimented the lamb ( which is n't a very tasty meat on its own ) , and it was perfectly cooked .
Food was all fresh and delicious .
The place was dead aside from one other table .
We 'll be back to Captain Bill 's next time we visit John 's pass .
It seemed like it had a hint of anchovies in the sauce .
I love the sangeria because they top it off with Cava , sortof a sparkling sangeria ... refreshing .
The cauliflower and burrata were decent appetizers .
Wait staff was extremely available tho .
Worst food , service , and employees known to mankind .
There are no menus handed out , as the menu is artistically displayed on the wall and window .
The first ferry is at 11:00 AM on Sunday and the trip over only took a few minutes .
The ribeye was so juicy and cooked to perfect .
I like going here because there is a nice seating area outside and the food is delicious .
We live close by and love to support local business 's so we were very disappointed overall .
Good food and service ! ! !
We were welcomed with no reservations ( unintended pun ) , food came out quickly , and service was great .
The chili sauce sweet and tangy .
We made a reservation , but unfortunately they were not ready for us .
I thought it would be tastier since a lot of people rave about it .
The food tasted fantastic , and was cooked just as we ordered it .
My friend got the pretzels and also thought they were ok , but nothing special .
We had dumplings , chicken chow mien , and spring rolls .
We were given a 40min wait on a saturday night .
even when we wanted our check he was no where to be found .
The sticky rice was cooked perfectly .
The veggies were boiled .
Seating is also limited and the seats by the door were absolutely freezing !
The man had the cheddar burger which was very good .
Our server , Jennifer , was personable and knowledgeable and efficient .
we went on a sunday morning at 7 am and were seated right away .
The server was really sweet about it and great , but it did take us forever to get our food ( and we were huuungry ) .
Both the burger and the onion rings were cold when i got it , felt like chewing through rubber .
( although I think I traumatized my daughter when she saw how the crabs were killed .
Loved the potato chip crust on top .
Far better than any buffalo wing I 've ever had and this appears to be one of the few or only places in Nashville to get it .
So we came back a week later .
Update : owner Craig asked that I email them and they would like to speak with me personally .
The hurricane was the best I had ever tasted .
There was a waitress keep going back in forth the same road but did n't even bother to offer us a drink or nothing .
As stated , the drive thru line moved rather swiftly considering this was the 1st day ; I was impressed .
Mac and cheese was great so was the banana pudding .
So I watched as the lady behind the counter made my food .
The service was incredible .
I had quiche and my guest had a croque madame .
I got two eclairs and two cookies ; after the friendly cashier rang up my total I was a bit taken back .
The front and porch doors were left open breezing 50 degree weather past us for the entirety of our meal .
What an absolutely fabulous recipe .
The service was nice and quick also .
Even if not staying at the hotel , it 's conveniently located on Bourbon street and has an outside entrance for non - guests .
I was happy with my choices .
The meat itself was excellent though !
The bartenders were just awful .
They were so cool about it that the still gave us 25 % off the bill , how awesome is that .
The shrimp , catfish , and fried oysters were okay .
Or maybe it was because we could n't get a res until 9:45 ( ! ) and they needed to unload some food ?
I have eaten in famous restaurants all over the world , and this one is right up there with any of them .
They also brought out our iced coffees , which displayed the paper straw wrapping twisted into the shape of a rose .
We also ordered the Idaho potato and chorizo taco , the chicken tinga taco , the mushroom taco , and the fish taco .
My only wish is that I did n't go for fast food , sad right ?
I do n't know how often they have live music but the band playing the night we stopped in was very good .
One of the few places where I can get Eggs Benedict , but the Hollandaise was a little vinegary .
Pulled pork sandwich was Delicious ..
The waiter even messed up our payment !
That was some the of tastiest duck I 've ever had .
The risotto was composed of butternut squash , apple , walnuts , and goat cheese , which was tasty , but just satisfactory .
We stopped for brunch one day and it took 45 minutes to get our food .
Had the bread pudding ... the bomb !
The food I got which was the Korean mild was n't really to my liking but my boyfriend 's was really good .
I 'm not sure if he did or did n't because 15 minutes later , we were still having the same problem .
The manager ( one of the managers ? ) Anthony is really nice and he 's been on the register a few times when I 've been there .
We were on the way home from a trip so we had our dogs with us .
He seemed like the easy going kind of guy you 'd want to hang out with .
Went there yesterday ( Oct 25 ) at about 4:00 PM .
You wo n't leave this place hungry , for sure .
There was a wait of about 40 min , which was ok .
I 'm a huge fan of the white chicken chili , the buttered bread , and the fudge .
It was small flanks of fish on a small street taco tortilla .
The building / facilities are very nice !
The man child had the torta .
My fiancée thoroughly enjoyed her tacos .
Husband and I dined in for our first visit and have done take out a few times since .
I would have thrown it all in the trash but the fridge and cupboards were bare .
Not the rice , but the whole thing .
I had the arancini .
My God , why is n't there a line running outside the door to get into this place ?
All time favorite restaurant .
And while it was busy in our tour , there were still plenty of spaces to walk and sit and enjoy the view .
After all those pros , I know you 're sitting there thinking " what 's the catch ? ! "
I have to say that everything me and my friends got was amazing .
I am so glad to live in New Orleans where they have good ' ol " Southern Hospitality"b
Yes , but soo worth it .
The ingredients were flavorful and so fresh !
We waited at the bar and had some margaritas .
We had to wait about 30 mins before we got a table .
Small place off of Rt .
I took my boyfriend there for his birthday last night and it was by far our favorite farm to table restaurant in Philly .
I ordered the burger rare but it was raw .
We were n't in a big hurry so it was n't a problem , and I would definitely like to return to try them out at dinner time !
The chicken was tender and the tzatziki sauce was unbelievable .
The iced tea tastes funky -- so if you 're an iced tea freak , this may ruin the whole thing for you .
I made sure to tell all my friends to steer clear of this place when they visit .
My wife and I really enjoyed the fried chicken and mac n cheese .
So I quietly sat at a high top and a waitress came by and asked if I wanted a drink .
I was a bit taken back at the thought of the chicken gravy on the waffle , but it works .
Cindy , a fine hostess , always gets us customers seated very quickly .... and I really appreciate that .
Bread pudding was amazing .
Well he forgot to ring it up correctly , he got the manager to fix it .
Greens : I 'm not a greens guy but my brother liked it .
Our server Alyssa ( sp ? ) was attentive but not overly so .
All was awesome in taste and flavor .
Unfortunately , the staff was in a snit because their relief was late .
The service was prompt and attentive which I liked .
Wow .. they did a great job with the remodle .
The energy in the restaurant was great .
-Lots of options - it was hard to decide !
The food itself is quite good as well ( almost as neat as the atmosphere ) .
I also liked how the servers were stlyishly attired .
I had a brunch style burger and was so satisfied it shocked me .
I had the Rock Lobster tail ... HELL YEAH , that bad boy was perfectly cooked and delicious .
it was a bad dining experience i ever had ...
But the staff was very loud and unprofessional .
A good time ..
Its a really great addition to the neighborhood and people with cars are sure to appreciate the parking lot .
Between my fiance and I , we were full and enjoyed the food immensely .
Could n't complain a bit .
Walked up the pier and there was a long line , which meant that I was at the right place .
Staff is soooo friendly the Chef Cory came out talked with us .
I ordered fish .
There is a reason rachel ray said they the second best hot dogs in the U.S.
This is our go - to Chinese restaurant .
I got the brisket meatballs .
Oh I love this pizza ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I liked these and the fact they were cooked in peanut oil .
PEI Mussels in White Sauce - Ok , the mussels were a touch fishy , but , still edible for sure .
I also found that even though there was a ton of noise outside the rooms were actually pretty quite .
My other friend and I ordered sandwiches .
The waitress did n't introduce herself or any specials and did n't explain the menu it was just a " what do you want . "
We also enjoyed the pancakes and potatoes .
Wow , I thought this Chuck E Cheese was actually ok however this place has really went down hill ...
I came with a group and we were the only ones around and the service was still a mess .
The subs were fresh and tasty .
The inside of this place is open and airy .
It is very cramped in there , but luckily , we went at 2 pm and it was clearing out quite a bit .
The Margherita pizza literally was a flatbread with tomato paste as the sauce ( and burnt tomatoes ! ) .
There is parking right across from the restaurant .
Of note , I liked the shrimp as they were steamed with a spicy cajun seasoning which was a nice Louisiana touch .
There is no where to wait where you wo n't feel in the way .
My only peeve about it is parking .
I think the kitchen staff was sort of amazed watching me eat ALL of this , and I am still not quite sure how I did it either .
We ordered lunch for 12 people and everyone loved it , the food is excellent !
I really had an enjoyable time here .
It 's all I ever order , along with the occasional queso or beans which are also delicious .
We 'd heard about Portobello Cafe for years , and finally had a chance to try it , and it did not disappoint .
We were seated with no wait and had great service .
Hands down the best lassi 's I 've ever had , and the chaat was so uplifting and thoughtful .
Sat outside and listened to live accoustic entertainment .
Just personal preference i guess but there was too much sauce so it was all goopy and too overpowering of a flavour .
We decided to share the crab dip which was a huge portion .
The atmosphere was great .
The atmosphere was great .
The atmosphere was great along with the food .
We made a reservation for 9 at 7:15 and we ended up getting their around 6:45 .
I ordered the pearl clay pot noodle bowl .
Honestly it barely covered the bottom on the bowl .
The pizza was awesome - crisp crust and great taste .
Beautifully sweet ending to a sweet trip to NOLA with the girls .
Though we were dressed like everyone else in there , ( khaki shorts and a polo ) , we were given the up and down .
The food is passable , but unexceptional .
This was n't a big deal however .
We asked for a box and an employee told us his boxes are trash and pizza is quality .
Bring headphones if you do go because there 's no music and the noise is deafening .
Giovani 's has recently become my go - to lunch spot .
And to top it off , the restaurant was loud all night .
My meal was very complete , filling , and delicious .
They 've always been attentive , but not " on top of you " , and they 're very knowledgable about their food .
Bartender came back with the correct order a bit later , and it was really underwhelming .
I ordered the gyro and fries which were surprisingly really good !
I m so impressed and happy to find this gem .
My buds and I were all having a good time .
They checked on us at just the right moment every single time !
There was a bit of a wait getting our drinks .
I had heard good things about this place , but I feel that it 's overrated .
That being said , our meal was n't bad , however it was n't great either .
The bacon of the third person with us was as black as the ace of spades !
My girlfriend and I came with two of her family members to have dinner Saturday night .
The best part about this place was the service .
We also ordered the cheese and gravy chips .
Definitely Jack 's Place next time .
I do n't get this place .
They were extremely horrible and rude to a man who has served his country for 25 years !
However , the food was not close to what I expected and we left extremely disappointed .
My waiter took forever to come to check on us .
After my house drink I had one of the beers , the fire ant , which was delicious .
The place was empty lol
We were served by the owner who also happens to be the husband of the chef .
My husband and I have been here a number of times and the food is typical beach eatery I always enjoyed the food .
Okay , did I not say " hold the mustard " ?
People kind of convene everywhere and it can get awkward when there 's a line out the door .
The crust was crunchy , the cheese was gooey , the prices were fair , and the sauce was yummy !
We tried this place for the first time the other day and both agreed " We 're going to be here a lot . "
The beer was OK at best .
My sister ordered a quesadilla , my brother the nachos and my boyfriend got the tequila like shrimp and fish taco .
We both got cappuccinos and they were delicious .
The generic glass cups were crusty and the carpet was dirty .
They told us you can eat the full menu in the bar area which was true .
Its a Shame that the staff is completely rude , because I actually enjoy the food .
- Banchan and rice bowls - the banchan were all good , especially the bean sprouts and spinach .
Server busted out laughing while I was giving my order .
We inquired if they were even open and a nice lady said they were and proceeded to seat us .
I also had a side of their chips , which i 'm sad to say were a bit of a disappointment .
The food is so unique .
Thanks to the owner , Jay , for keeping such a qulaity place going .
Also tried our our kiddo 's quesadilla but that did not impress me .
The only disappointment I had was the dessert .
My husband went up to buy 7 mini golfs .. one of the workers said " you gon na pay for that ? "
We have come here many times , this time we came in around 1 pm & the place was packed .
Much to my surprise , the Pizza is awesome .
Although the view is just a parking lot , it 's too bad it was n't closer to the river behind it or had something else to look at .
It was a quick walk form where I was staying so seemed a great choice for breakfast before heading out of town today .
The staff was also very friendly .
And all of us decided we could have handled one piece fewer .
It came out quickly and was top - notch .
El Gordo burrito huge and very tasty .
I waited till he was leaving and walked past our table to ask for a picture .
Staff and management were awesome .. food was so - so .
The worst part is , everything is very over priced .
I have to say that , unfortunately , I was n't in the least bit surprised .
Off the beaten path , you wo n't find this place unless you are looking for it .
Although I m from the midwest , I ve discovered that several years ago I prefer the mustardy , vinegary tang of the Carolina .
The honey butter was very aromatic but neither S nor I could really taste the bacon in the bacon butter .
They are savory with just a touch of sweet and snuggled into a yummy sauce with finely chopped roasted red peppers on the side .
This place is hidden away by the slots and against the wall towards the other side of the casino downstairs .
The bookshelves were a nice touch .
When it was time to ring up the check , he brought us a check totaling $ 100 .
Although we may have felt tired , my bf and I were appropriately dressed to go to Mr. B 's .
My boudin was tasty , egg was perfectly cooked , biscuit was fluffy and warm and my potatoes were seasoned well .
The eggs were perfect .
This should have been my first clue .
Dude , I hate to break it to you , but your the manager .
Check it out next time your in Santa Barbara it is quite the experience .
It 's just a little teeny building set between 2 car audio places on busy Virginia st .
quick stop before we head back to Nashville , Tennessee ...
The waiter and waitress were wonderful and after we had ordered I was watching the chef cook .
Papusa 's are wonderful as well as everything else on the menu .
I do n't really like the wrapper .
The only good part was the black beans and rice .
We chose cheddar and rooster sauces .
The atmosphere is definatly chic and modern .
We used the pool on the resort side which was clean with a nice small bar .
The shrimp creole was fantastic !
AND , this is a family owned business .
My sister ordered the mushroom rigatoni with the chicken .
( I ca n't handle too much spicy ) The dish was filled with cheese and crawfish .
The owner that I met was very nice and friendly !
I had the Casita bowl with carnitas and my husband had the barbacoa tacos .
She even showed my daughter how to play pool , which she thought was pretty cool .
This has to be one of the strangest business decisions ever .
So hangry we stood , hoping for just the right table to leave .
I do n't want to bash this establishment , but the customer service has always been an issue here .
The tagliatelli was super fresh and the limone sauce was divine .
The extras ( lettuce , tomato , onion and feta ) were very fresh .
They 're aggressive and had no right to assault me .
I was n't blown away in fact I did n't eat most of it .
I could n't decide between wings or fingers .
The positive thing about the meal was the portions .
Bar service seemed spotty but we did n't really partake ( mostly BYOB and going out ) .
I gave the remaining gift cards away .
I took half my burger home , and I drank 17 glasses of water .
This place was just so cozy and warm and tasty .
The parking was fairly poor , but its understandable because the place was packed .
Lots of crazy choices and oh it is hard to pick ! !
The view of the Bottleworks is impressive , and the huge private bar set up on the side is just great .
I was extremely unsatisfied , This place is over priced and the food was cold .
The sliders are absolutely amazing .
I 'm sad to report that Taste of Havana left me a little disappointed .
I think NOLA has many better choices .
We also ordered fried goat to go and were surprised by the two chops we received .
Our waiter Mike was just unprofessional , a tad snooty , and slow .
SECOND : Pepperoni and Beer Cheese Soup--- My favorite thing that we had that night .
Alas , I ordered my tacos , but had a little Scooby Doo moment when the arrived .
These guys ca n't operate like decent human beings .
We went here hoping for a good breakfast , and we were n't disappointed .
The crudo was so over - salted that I had a hard time eating it and it made no sense with the red .
the last time we ate at here was the day after xmas , and we 're STILL reminiscing .
Everything was great but we loved the brisket .. moist & tender !
Only drawback is this place is walk up with only bench seating outside .
He was courteous enough to provide me with two free smoothies the next day , so I appreciated that .
Thank god for this place ! !
The hollandaise sauce was rich and tasty but not too overwhelming and the eggs were poached to perfection !
There is not a ton of seating and there is no bathroom ( is n't that illegal ? ? ) .
We know the family after eating here so long - Harry is the owner / main chef and he works so hard and always does a great job .
I also shared in a Chicken and Spinach Florentine pizza which was very good .
Just the facts : the front desk was kind and friendly .
Its a bit loud , even mid afternoon , so expect to talk with the other end folks .
It was fairly easy to find , located on Olive at Comptom , kitty - corner to one of SLU 's parking garages .
The rest of my family agreed that the dinner was just alright .
Awesomeeeee place .
I honestly ca n't speak for the meat , as a life long vegetarian .
The owner as well had a conversation with us .
The Taramosolata was arguably one of the best things I have eaten recently .
The size of the sides was a bit small , but for the most part they were pretty good .
But I thought it was a good price .
She attended us instantly very friendly and with a smile on her face !
I picked this place based on yelp and was left very disappointed .
Next we moved on to our sushi which was sat on the sushi bar for 15 minutes before it was brought to us .
The service was great but the food was very disappointing ...
Came here last week for my wife and I 's 3rd wedding anniversary , and it 's not the same .
I honestly think this was the worst lunch I have ever had .
We were headed to Terakawa with the family on a cold Friday night , but they had a line out the door so we went here .
Tender , falling off the bone .
$ 10 for a slice of generic pizza , small side salad and a soda for lunch .
My friends seemed to really enjoy their breakfast as well .
Huge fan of this place .
Instead of paying this price , we used Parking Panda to locate a parking garage , one block away for only $ 24 per 24 hours !
Not from the bottom , but the lid and top have some sort of mis - connect and the lid leaks by the seam every single time .
OpenTable asked for a credit card when booking -- no problem ; we provided it .
However , this place was amazing ! !
The servers made recommendations when asked and knew the menu .
Seems like we ordered everything in mini size :( Clams were mostly shell only , mussels were almost the size of the baby clams .
I 'm thrilled I 'm so close to this cafe .
The drinks and food arrived in a timely manner considering the size of our group .
The presentation of the food is beautiful and the staff made us feel like family !
Two very good experiences .
Very very favorite bahn mi place .
Favorite dish :
I ordered a " frozen " margarita .
We loved the food !
Honestly , I 'm just sorry I was n't a bigger fan .
It also took awhile for our dinner plates to be cleared and for our check to come .
The burger was incredible !
We came here to end our family vacation , knowing it was going to be pricey .
My favorite breakfast item is Carly 's breakfast .
Owner David is so friendly and makes everyone feel like his best friend .
Very nice deco friendly staff .
Overalls , it is a great place if you 're in the mood for pho .
I guess it 's understandable , the rent must be expensive in an empty strip center shared w/ Burger King .
The collards were alright ; tender but still somewhat bitter .
Zero u fbtrhyhhyny rhhh it was gbvesiwfenaw I was fwvrrjtsnva c
It 's always a nice , random surprise !
My husband and I went here with a couple of friends one night while they were in town .
The chef ( Yun ) was from Puerto Rico but had spent time in NC and we talked some about that .
Not one person at the front desk could give us an explanation on how or why these charges were on our credit cards .
We had Shrimp Scampi , fried shrimp , stuffed mushrooms , cheese sticks , chicken fingers and biscuits .
The steak was rare and served atop a single crab cake , which was perfectly soft on the inside and crispy on the outside .
which one to choose ?
We have been here several times because it happens to be one of my sons favorite restaurants .
And each time it is absolutely delicious .
The service was polite and the store was clean .
I am so happy this place is not that far from my home .
She went with the Baja Melt and Tomato soup while I went for the Honey Apple and Corn Chowder .
We had great food and a wonderful experience .
The taste of the shrimp was fair , they did not have any spice on them so they were a little bland .
You will drive three miles down to Westshore but wo n't go 2 blocks up Kennedy , seriously ?
I 've had it in the USA & Toronto and was soo happy to learn they just opened in Edmonton !
this is such a great place .
The BBQ chips were amazing .
We were seeking to tick off a few more items on our to eat list and are so " pleased " we chose " Please U " !
basically , I can not wait to go back again this place was so great .
and it must make you role your eyes to the back of the head with a hard table bang because it 's so damn good !
Was definitely pleased to find this option .
The first time we tried it we loved it so much we went back 2 days later .
I was mostly upset by the fact that I wanted to love this place .
Yes , it 's true , they are not fluent in english but they know enough to take your order , and they are super friendly .
It would have been better if the three tiny pieces of avocado included had n't been the hardest part of the entire sandwich .
The inside is decorated beautiful and elegant and the facilities are very clean .
I said ok , and was the berated for not taking the food I ordered .
Brahim , the owner and his wife are both very nice and the service is top notch .
Room was nice and modern with two TV 's etc .
We ended up talking for half an hour and I was very impressed with his approach to business ...
Their food was excellent !
Chef Ramsey & Irvine would have chewed Billy Bob to pieces .
I ca n't wait to taste their other food .
Good for a quick bite if you 're in the Frazer - Malvern area .
UPDATE : The manager invited me back to the Mason Jar for a complimentary meal .
I ordered the chicken fajitas .
The people who work here are so friendly and nice .
I ordered the ranch fried chicken and the indian cinnamon donut and both were very good .
The only good thing was the sweet potato cheesecake .
The staff was loving , called everybody darlin ' .
i 'm chalking the grease up to the type of pizza i ordered , as the other pizza at the table was delicious .
That weirded me out just a little bit .
Oh - How could I forget to mention - the coffee bar !
In the skilled and capable hands of the chef , Dwight , our taste buds were delighted and our stomachs full .
I order through third party foodler.com which takes only 20 mins for delivery , considering I work 2 blocks away from the place .
This place goes on and on and on .
I hit the drive - thru at this White Castle last night with my aunt on our way home from Carmel .
I have never had Korean food before and this was a terrific introduction !
I got the business card and did call Mr. Michael ( owner ) we 'll see if he returns the call .
I 'll give it to them , papa Murphy 's is one of my favorite places for pizza and their cookie dough is phenomenal .
We sat outside and enjoyed a breeze ( very rare in Florida ! ) before an evening rain store .
He was kind , funny , friendly and completely redeemed this restaurant / bar from our terrible experience the night before .
He assured me that the quantity was correct .
The mixed greens were fine and the dressing was very tasty .
Neither myself or my friend finished our meals .
I get the sense that Chipotle is a Mexican restaurant designed to make gringos feel safe to eat there .
Brick House is one of my favorite spots in Tampa .
What I did n't realize when we picked it was how absolutely awesome all the staff would be to work with .
I did n't try the pico but it seems very unique .
The service was super quick and friendly .
Everyone from host to bartenders to the security guy could not have been more friendly and helpful .
The chairs are usually soiled with light crumbs and some of the black seats near the window are kinda broken .
Overall score : 2.5/10
I Really really absolutely wanted to like this place .
The milkshakes were delicious though .
The guacomole was presented beautifully and tasted even better .
Both were delicious as was the spicy rock shrimp .
Ate here again on Friday , and as usual , my food was excellent ! ! !
I have seen parts of this resort in my other trips there but realized pretty quick that there 's more to see !
I ordered the tasting menu which included the mushroom soup - Absolutely AMAZING !
My daughter got the tofu pad Thai and she said it was horrible .
They use Old Bay seasoning as the spice in the boil and everything was very flavorful .
My girlfriends and I ate at the Creole House for dinner .
There were times where I felt rushed .
This is definitely our go - to place .
My only con would be that we were a little too close to the next table .
The hashbrowns that came on the side were WAAAAYYY too salty for my liking , but the hubs had no problem chowing down .
We should have checked reviews before sitting down , but it was getting late and we just wanted to catch a beer and a sandwich .
The dinners were ready on time and were delicious .
The vegetables were plentiful , and the chicken was all white meat , though there was not that much of it .
The bartender came right over and we ordered drinks .
I 'm glade I had the chance to experience this .
our group went the other day and though the food was good , personally i thought it was n't that special ..
I have been wanting to go here for a while , so I broke one of my personal cardinal rules and went for NYE .
All the ingredients were nice and fresh and the food was so cheap !
We decided that the medium sized margaritas are the best .The waiter was super friendly and the courtyard is nice !
The only problem I 've ever had at Ron 's was a chicken salad wrap that I asked for with no onions .. and it was fixed immediately !
I even wound up going next door to their store / deli and bought a whole bunch of stuff !
It had red curry which I did n't like very much .
The trip quickly went downhill .
We waited 15 minutes and still not service , I get it , it 's busy .
The last several times , everyone got WELL done , regardless of order .
This is my favorite restaurant in Nashville !
The bar looked very old and cool .
We did n't receive a menu when we first entered and had to call multiple waiters .
Was really sad paying 40 $ for mediocre food .
Atmosphere : It 's almost always lively during lunch time but it 's never hard to find a seat .
I ordered the Matar Paneer ; homemade cheese and fresh peas in a tomato cream sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
The waitress was very friendly , and concerned for my wife when she ordered the spiciest thing on the menu .
Some of us stayed well over an hour after we were done eating just to chat and that was not a problem .
Despite not being the hugest foie - gras fan , I must say that it was delicious !
It 's convenient to where I live so we eat here on a regular basis .
The rigatoni was undercooked ( even for al dente ) and the tagliatelle was over cooked .
I 'm open minded and listen to all sorts of stuff , but this is pretty out of control .
Old school New Orleans .
Great service , and wait time was correctly quoted :)
Overall , there were better samplings of brunch and creole food elsewhere .
Chicken parm was dark brown around edges & sauce had a weird after taste , almost like it had come from a can / tin .
You wo n't be disappointed if your expectations are n't too high .
It looked like player 's skill range ranged from " only when drunk " to " I bring my own stick to the bar " .
The staff was very nice .
Have to admit first impression was n't great .
For a Saturday night , it was n't very busy but upon seeing all the cars parked outside , I expected it to be packed .
I called after this all happened and asked to speak to the owner to try and comprehend what happened .
And BEFORE she handed us the check , she was very pushy about us ordering dessert .
The waiters are attentive without being to intrusive and the atmosphere is very pleasant .
We 've been there with our grandchildren and the wait staff has always been very accommodating .
I said well get me a discount since you did n't have what I wanted .
Seems we had 1 beer , 1 iced tea , 1 burger , 1 bison burger and split a large fry , for about $ 37 .
The Bloody Mary was one of the best I 've had and the sandwiches were killer ! !
The food was stellar but the experience incredible .
Loved the roll .
I went with 6 other people so initially we ordered a few plates to all share and then ordered our own plates .
Or our menus for that matter , which was very disappointing .
Still no apologies , no asking how our food or experience was .
I do n't know what they use for batter but they were horrible .
Not just the expensive ones , but everything .
We usually go to this place for dinner when in the area .
I 'm a big fan of this place .
Lee How Fook is pretty small , but that did n't make it lose any points in my book .
Worst service ever .
They brought a new one a bit late .
The bed was ok , the coffee maker , which I used to boil water , was disgusting -- the water came out with an oily film .
The fries were delish .
We lunch here frequently and make the drive from downtown because it 's just that reliably good .
I had the steak and the chicken which were both amazing , particularly the chicken .
And that view is just stunning !
The couple with us said they liked there 's so I can not contest .
Other than that , the food was okay .
I come to Indy every year for business and this place is great.food was delicious and this is st Elmo 's sister rest .
Even the bread was outstanding .
Not a bad place to grab a quick bite , but I 'm uncertain whether I 'd linger .
I loved the ambiance the service is just phenomenal !
Believe me , it reflex 's in the food .
The University City location is a few steps away from my office , so I finally decided to try it today for lunch .
We were waited on by a new girl who had just started that was very sweet and nice .
From start to finish the service was quick and friendly .
However , when we were seated they only gave us the all you can eat menu .
Ca n't wait to go back and try more stuff !
Oh hot pot , today , when it is so cold and dreary , I really , really wish I had another of you to warm the cockles of my heart .
We visited on a Saturday night so it was pretty crowded but we were able to get two seats at the bar right away .
Waited for what seemed to be a reasonable amount of time and finally got our pizzas !
They did nothing to remedy the situation .
considering what chaos that place was in .
I would describe the whole experience as refined dining without stuffiness or formality .
Nice art work , felt very natural and open .
She talked to us and I overheard her talking with other chatty customers .
Got here around 6:30 pm and was surprised to see the place was almost empty .
We had a lot of great food on our weekend trip to NOLA , and this was the last place we visited .
Ca n't say anything about entrees since we did n't order any , but the do have a variety .
The rest of the food , given the price , was fantastic .
Very nice rooms and ours had a balcony that over looked the gardens .
My most favorite one was the cap n crunch burrito , it 's so tasty and crunchy ; it had a lot of flavor .
My son and I spilt a banana split that was simply incredible .
I had the carne Asada tacos .
They promptly took our food order , but we waited 50 minutes for it to be delivered .
The sweet potato tots though were yummy .
I organized a dinner here for me and 10 of my friends after reading all the great things about this place on Yelp .
I ca n't really rate or comment on the food , the front counter help seemed nice and courteous ..
Do not know what the deal was but this is just plain unprofessional and creepy behavior .
My friend got the Mac and cheese burger which also looked fabulous
Placed a to go order , had to repeat it multiple times over the phone and it was still wrong when I picked it up .
Maybe because it has always been on a late tuesday afternoon we have eaten there .
What I loved most about the service , for such an upscale establishment , the wait staff was not at all uptight .
The Greek ( Grecian ) pizza was particularly " blah " tasting , and for some might even be considered disgusting .
At this point , I 'm glad I do not live down the street from Maple Street Patisserie .
Cooking on the grill was really fun and the staff would help when we were confused
Service was terrific , Nathan took great care of us !
I understand things get crazy back there but with everything else i experienced this was a major turnoff .
there was no way i was finishing them all and i was just a little sad about it ... is it weird to miss pancakes ?
Told him there would be no next order after the conversation we just had and he said OK and hung up .
They said the chicken was fantastic .
I think someone complained about the cost .
They explained the specials and helped us with suggestions .
It was a bit much for me .
Burger Republic is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Nashville .
Our server passed us by and we asked for the bill .
Ordered rare , it was red in the center but the outside had no char at all , soft and flabby .
I had the Redfish NOLA .
The pizza was awful , she never apologized or offered something else .
Their drink menu was on an ipad mini , which was pretty sleek .
The lime tequila chicken was moist , refreshing and flavorful .
lol however I would rather have too much attention then none .
Overall a pretty cute place .
Which was just a simple customized order .
The garlic bread it came with , was also disgusting !
You wo n't regret your decision to eat at Sause On The Side .
Ted really enjoyed the " ranch " slice and I thought the " white " cheese slice was delicious .
Very cheap food .
Sweet , savory , succulent , satisfying and a bargain to boot !
The vegetables were clearly fresh .
Our server was super friendly and even brought a bowl of boiling hot water so that I could warm my daughter 's bottle .
The sides were n't anything special .
I remembered seeing Tsunami when I was at the nearby Home Depot and the place looked appealing .
We sent them back and were told the kitchen says that is the way they were supposed to be .
Would n't say the bathroom was the cleanest I 'd ever been in -- tough to keep up with during Mardi Gras , I suppose .
We order in advance and dine in .
Our waiter seemed a little on the tired side - or maybe the disgusting heat zapped all the Opa !
The sashimi was fresh and the lychee martini was the perfect pair for it !
I assumed the lobster and tuna were wild caught and the flatbread was supposed to have truffle in it .
I got our server 's attention and told her that my wife burned her mouth .
We ordered several dishes like the egg plant , snow pea , scallion pancakes , chicken nuggets and more .
It looked delicious from where I was sitting and my dining companion confirmed that this was true .
We ordered the Tuck , Hot Chicken , Chicken , and Brisket sandwiches and everyone loved theirs .
Pricy , but tasty .
She had no idea about crabs .
We were feeling like comfort food and had the chicken tenders- The portions were very generous and the food was just solid .
Our server , Rudy , was wonderful and the food portions were big .
Basically they charged you for the price of the large and subtracted $ 1.42 ( why , I still do n't know ) .
They only had one fry cook and he / she was overwhelmed to say the least .
Service is friendly from the cashier to the fry guys to Josh and his happy helpers in the back .
I mean I 'm glad I had a small plate so I could help others clean theirs ! ! !
General Tsos chicken delicious .
The fact that I enjoyed it says a lot .
My friend and I were both craving burgers so we both got the London burger .
A little pricey but it was soooo good !
It looks like they 're family owned and run .
Absoulutely loved the ambience of this place !
Easily one of my favorite places to go .
our server was great , attentive and pleasant .
Service was on point and attentive .
The bartender and wait staff was very friendly .
Though I myself did not try the bowls , there was very little smoothie at the bottom ( for the 8 oz ) and they were very liquidy .
The veal Chadds Ford was good but the fried chicken tasted like ( rubber ) it came out of the freezer and into the deep frier .
The only bad side of this place is that the lines are long and slow ( usually with only one register open ) .
The decor was minimal and felt like you were in someone 's dining room .
One of my fave places .
I think this was the best brewery we went to on a three day trip to Tucson , and coincidentally it was the busiest one .
This was a major disappointment for me .
Which in the south is very important !
My friend got the chocolate mousse and said it was ok .
The food came out in a timely fashion .
Chicken Tikka Masala is delicious .
Well , signs on the front door state " No Wi - Fi " .
The breading was just the right amount , maybe a bit less than I would have liked and the cheese was so very creamy .
Even so , these ladies / servers were trying their best to get us our food as fast as possible .
The cashier let us sample a few of the salads .
We just got hummus to eat , and for $ 5 it was tasty and a good snack .
My husband 's bahn mi pork sandwich was mostly bread again with very little meat .
Ernesto and Martin are the best people you can have handle your table .
Totally good times .
There was valet parking you payed for and our reservations were for 8:30 , we got sat at that time as well .
So I gave this place a shot and I am glad I did !
The chicken fried rice was decent and so was the lo mein .
The pita bread is so soft and fresh .
The space is decorated beautifully and the atmosphere is fantastic inside .
I would n't seek Cafe Roma out , but if it 's convenient and you 're hungry , it 's a nice spot .
A great outing .
When we recieved our check we were still charged full price for the wings .
Without asking the manager refunded the money for the steak .
All of our food was excellent .
All Mike did was take our order , disappear during the entire meal , and then make us wait a good 10 minutes to bring the check .
They chicken dish was amazing .
Overall , great food ! !
In fact I 'd say it 's the best I 've ever had .
Within two seconds , he made a u - turn and started pedaling to catch up to us .
Bf had the French onion soup and potato skins which he said were good as well .
The burger was very fresh and delicious and the fries were also great .
The portions were good ( fish - to - rice ) the service was very friendly and our chefs were attentive .
Thank goodness it 's right in my neighborhood !
He totally made our night .
They basically blew us off and blamed it on the new girl .
The meal overall was not very filling .
My boyfriend and I are regulars at this awesome establishment .
The service was warm and welcoming and the setting was just as fantastic .
My dad ordered the fish stew which was also excellent .
But the cookies were awesome as always , especially coconut chocolate chip .
I 'm a pizza fan and I got ta tell you their prosciutto pie is superb !
On top of all that , the food was lousy and way overpriced .
I bit into my Gyro , the bread was disgustingly stale , I could n't even eat it .
The most astonishing part was that they limit people to 30 pieces if sashimi per person per sitting .
I had the fried mozzarella which was quite good ... as were the onion rings .
A small table opened up after about 10 min , and instead of taking us to the table , the waitress led us to the bar .
they soggy crust had become even more soggy and was impossible to eat ....
Plan on going back , luckily I work right across the street ! ! !
What an amazing deal .
:) My friend got the sunrise chile rellenos .
I enjoyed a mimosa and scone as I waited , and was thrilled when it was brought out .
As a semi - regular at this place I find that greatly offensive .
I almost had a heart attack when she said 30 dollars for the dozen .
Our server Rachel was super friendly and helpful .
Everything was super salty or greasy .
Wo n't be going back with this poor customer service .
We did n't receive any water and our server seemed to have more tables outside as she was never in sight .
Holy so amazing I ca n't put it into words , live music , fresh beignets , pastries , great ! ! ! !
The cashier 's response was to assure me that delivery customer 's pizzas were at least this old by the time they received them .
Stay FAR away from this place , who knows what kind of diseases are roaming around that kitchen and its staff ! ! ! ! !
The only positive things I can say was the pillows were fantastic and the lady who came for turn down service was very sweet .
They are kind of pricey compared to the HUB , which is a coffe place I love .
It took an hour to get out of the parking garage .
The food - I had a döner sandwich , my wife the döner plate - was excellent .
The house salad was rather disappointing .
Enjoyed everything and the staff was amazing .
Definitely a good deal - heads up that some of the servers seem rather confused about the policy .
Did n't try dessert .
I 've always enjoyed brunch and lunch so we were excited for dinner there for our anniversary but it was a disappointment .
They do n't open until 5 pm , so I was pleasantly surprised when they picked up my 10:50am phone call !
This is a nice little family owned German restaurant that we visited for Oktoberfest this year .
Love this place , whenever we drive up North we have to stop and eat here .
We discovered this after we went across the street to Provence to buy coffee .
My favorite breakfast spot in the city & the owner is so nice !
We liked Luke so much that we went back for Christmas day brunch .
I was pretty disappointed with our Chinese New Year dinner here .
I replied that I was n't sure how to prop the door open and it might be better if he did it .
My friend had the Kapama dinner and I had the shrimp Poseidon .
I do n't know what 's happened but our last two visits have been horrible service and food left a lot to be desired !
It was nice and crispy on the outside and had a soft , chewy texture on the inside .
Few people were inside for lunch ( most were outside ) , so the noise level was pretty low .
We tried almost everything on the menu from shrimp , to crab cakes , to salad , to bread pudding ....
We sat for a few more minutes , maybe 5 before our server finally comes to our table .
The bun was soft and fresh .
A had a few co - workers tag along so we ordered to - go .
The drinks were thirst quenching and a delight .
There 's nothing worse than a bunch of gristle in your food in my opinion .
The atmosphere , the music , the food , the drinks , all awesome and even better considering it sits 5 feet from the ocean !
I mentioned the service being slow , but other than that , we felt very welcome and all of our needs were met .
Only downside is I am torn between lunch and breakfast because they are both delicious .
I had an amazing night here .
They called out our order and the Quesadillas came out piping hot .
The side salad was good with the champagne vinaigrette which was heavy on the vinegar .
The food is absolutely incredible .
Rasberry truffle was my fav , love the dark chocolate so it 's not cloyingly sweet .
The owners and staff are so kind and friendly and make everyone feel like family .
the first ones there .
My biscuit was also burnt ...
The sweet plantains were decent , but nothing special .
My Spouse had the roadhouse and I the 10 oz ribeye .
Unlike upstairs where the parameters are all open windows , the basement was cave like .
The location was awesome .
SP is a must go if you live in the neighborhood , and definitely worth the trip from the city !
My sister had the smoked wings and she said they were delish .
Our waitress , however , thought she 'd warn me she was required to put tomatoes on it , and that I did not have to eat them .
Make sure to ask when you get there if you can sit at the counter- because those seats might be free .
All the food was pretty good .
I come in here often , as my office is close by .
Ca n't beat oceanfront dining !
The sandwich was so cold , I did n't even eat it , and the fries were hotter than the surface of the sun .
This is a good place for a romantic dinner :)
My experience was a good one ! ! !
The restaurant was fairly busy ( Saturday night ) , but not too loud .
The only negative was she did n't ask if we wanted our pickles filled up .
Our only qualm is the quality of the dessert menu .
Good food and good people ! ! !
Here is a place to get to know the real locals , the real St Louisians who have lived here their whole lives .
Did n't try the food , but it looked delicious .
Maybe it was just a bad day ...
This was recommended by the valet guy and was the ONLY bad meal we had .
Really poor service .
We had a to - go order - I got a chicken burrito .
The chips and a few of the salsas I had were very tasty as well .
The hollandaise with the Benedict was pretty bland though .
I 'm not sure if it 's a plus that there 's always someone checking on you , or a negative because they 're unorganized ?
The brunch menu was creative and we really enjoyed everything we ordered .
I really liked the crispy potatoes , as well .
Not many places to sit and eat , but when you walk into a place like that and your the only white boy , you know its good ! !
We wo n't ever EVER go to the one on US31 .
I just called to place a delivery order and they stated they could not do it .
The live music was fun and very good .
We did have a few laughs about it , though .
While I stood there in shock .
We immediately asked for more bread , but did n't receive it until our group had eaten 95 % of the platter .
So 2 sandwiches , 2 cups of soup , 2 drinks and a desert pastry came out to about $ 26 .
It was early , so there was no issue with getting a table ...
So I 'm not sure what the big deal is over this place .
We walked down the street to speak to the manager and he did not have a solution nor was he willing to squeeze us in .
It was fresh perfection .
My family and I decided to try this restaurant based on reviews posted here .
The food was hit or miss .
My friend got the general tsos box which was also good .
Ca n't say I would rush back as the ambiance was n't exactly four star or higher .
Just an average bagel place .
Overall it was n't a BAD experience but it just was n't good either .
Boy ... do they do it justice .
The place is small , inviting , and clean .
Prob not the easiest thing to do when your out all night in the big easy , but now you know ... show up early and you 'll be fine .
We made sure to leave a tip for the food server / bus person even though it was limited service .
The restaurant itself is very casual and plain .
After ordering the Bahn Mi style hot dog I sat down and wondered why there were holes in all of the tables .
The fish was superb and the stuffed mirliton which was my first time experiencing and was delish .
No bag to carry the boxes in , no thank you so much for coming in , and I almost fell over when the receipt said $ 27.54 .
I did n't eat but I smelled and saw the food around me and I ca n't wait to try it ! ! ! ! !
Enjoyed breakfast !
The waffle fries were seasoned well , hot , and crispy .
Overall , a very disappointing meal that was insanely overpriced .
The wings were pretty good .
I do n't even mind paying for the chips & salsa ,
Absolutely the best Mexican place in town .
She told us the 5th chair better not get in her way .
They responded as if we just walked in and took a table but I explained what happened .
What a great place for such an event !
I asked for soft poached eggs and that was exactly what I got .
Accompanied with great wine and great service !
Final straw .
the waitress never brought us bread , so we had to ask the bus boy for it .
The chipotle dipping sauce was awesome .
I had a baked ziti ( but with mini shells ) and chicken marsala and oh my god .
Very good response and great service on her part !
We we 're seated immediately by a friendly gentleman and took our drink order .
If it was n't vday we would have left before we sat for dinner .
Food was good as usual ....
I ordered egg roll and the pho .
I had one drink at Caleco 's bar , but went to TGIFriday 's for dinner afterwards .
Boyfriend 's spicy noodles were ok as well .
I also asked for just flats both times and did n't get it .
My last full day in New Orleans and I HAD to come here ! !
This is easily one of my favorite spots in Reno .
This is one of my favorite little neighborhood places for breakfast .
We had an order of the wings and loved them .
2 ) I ordered the short rib that was dry , bland , and honestly uneatable and oh btw it costs $ 34 .
That 's a bad thing .
We had the basic pulled pork sandwich and it was Awesome !
The meat was cooked weird .
After a 90 - min wait ( we were told it would be an hour ) , I went for dinner with my sisters .
The mussels in a sweet red red wine sauce sans shells were so tasty .
I was so upset when tonys closed .
Anyway , we ordered 5 rolls .
for sharing some of her pulled pork waffle fries with me today at the food court - they were delicious and hit the spot !
He offered to re - do the order as a comp .
Just tried the baked beans today and they are simply delicious ....
I take it back food was rushed and salt bombs made half the dish inedible and the other half bland
The garlic naan was warm and buttery .
I loved the chili , it was a bit bland , but very good .
Star light , star bright ..............
The crust was thick and chewy not flaky at all even though it was cooked thru .
There were n't a lot of people in there , though , so I do n't know how the wait is when it 's packed .
I 'm not a huge coffee drinker , so I ordered a cafe au lait , which was good , but nothing special .
$ $ sushi is alright by me since $ $ $ $ sushi is a pipe dream .
I got to learn her name she got to learn mine .
I went back to my table and looked at the time .
It 's just in building at a busy intersection so it 's not always convenient to get there and out of there quickly .
I got the veggie sandwich .
We ordered take out from here the other night .
However , we did find it odd that we were only one of three tables dining at that time .
The next day when I stepped back into my car ...
We typically use salt when we cook so it 's not like we do n't like salt and the smallest little bit seems overwhelming .
I was also instantly jealous , and began feeling better , when I saw what some of the other folks I was with ordered to eat .
I 'm telling you , there is no bad choice here .
We are n't from the area and had to decide between barbecue and the Chinese place in the plaza .
We 've never had a bad meal at Muriel 's .
The food was mediocre at best .
I did n't want soup with my grilled cheese since it was such a hot day ... so they made me a second grilled cheese !
Such a unique concept for the St.
We enjoyed our meals .
If you drive in this vicinity you 'll find Don José 's on one side and Taco Tico on the other .
She kept the iced tea glasses full and it was fresh iced tea .
Either the owner does n't care or he 's left the place in the hands of employees who do n't know any better .
When I walked up to the counter to check on the food ....
Love the food- wait staff is attentive to allergies and very accommodating .
We brought my Mother - in - Law , who enjoys good food as long as it 's not too weird .
The rice and beans were a saving grace .
I 've recently taken my son there , along with my daughter , my daughter in law , friends , etc .
This is n't alcohol we 're talking about , you ca n't cut me off of food .
The tables are filthy .
Being from KY , I 'd call it a hoe cake .
Disclaimer : I lived near several great Italian places in NYC so I am spoiled .
Cons : The worst thing was that the cashier was also assembling the food when she was n't handling the money .
He also has the audacity to say I 'm just in a bad mood so I 'm saying these things because of that .
I ordered the " special " pasta with mushrooms and a Hef ... didnt feel so good afterwards ...
This restaurant is a little hidden , you have to walk past all the gates in E to find it .
We were in NOLA for a week , staying close to Horns , which made it a perfect breakfast place for us .
The rice was delish ! ! ! !
Ultimately the toast and jam that was served on the side turned out to be the best part of our meal .
Not a NOLA experience at all .
They also were n't sure if it was breakfast or lunch .
Quesdillas w/ chicken served w/ pico de gallo were perfection , beef tacos served w/ lime & salsa verde were delicious .
After grabbing a bottle of premium water , my total came to about $ 13 , and I was certainly quite full .
I would bring my girlfriend because it 's a good place to eat and chat for a long time :)
One of the nicer places to eat in Newtown Square .
Anyway , another man came by several minutes later and asked if we were told the specials .
When she was finished I flagged her down and told her I 'd been sitting here for five minutes and no one waited on me .
The tuna was delicious , and there was certainly $ 19 worth of it between our two plates .
We go here all the time to get awesome coffee & just chill (: lattes & chai tea are amazing & environment is super welcoming ! !
So , after I clarified what the waitress the explanation of what Tobacco fries where , I made my order .
The Lakehouse 's menu is different than any other Scotty 's location , their main focus being different gourmet - ish burgers .
My favorite from the evening was the Sweet Potato Hash with bacon , sausage and the de rigueur fried egg .
Actually , all non - meal food I 've had from here has been too sweet , but that 's my own fault -- I do n't like sweet food .
I wanted to really like this place , but it was very underwhelming .
I asked to speak to the manager who also did not offer me any kind of compensation .
The staff blamed the heat on the ovens .
Hot , fresh , and so moist that it pinched in half when I started to eat it .
Once we received our food , we all enjoyed our selections .
The roasted chicken was good but a little dry and the skin was kind of soggy .
So , i stumbled into this place because I bought a sharing spree voucher , and I 'm glad I did ! !
My family 's favorite pizza in town- awesome !
This happens alot here .
I was very surprised and will definitely tell my co - workers ..
He did n't come back for almost ten minutes ! !
Got stuffed shells and italian hoagie , very expensive and the food and the ppl who work there suck ... stay away
As expected the food was incredibly bland , boring , and fairly bad .
First of all , I could not have been more grateful for the fresh loaf of bread we were given .
Additionally , there was almost no air circulation in the restaurant , so the room was sweltering hot .
I had the vegetable platter and that s all it was .
Busy night but felt taken care of .
The waitress rarely even came to our table .
Charlotte cartered to our little peanut and made her ( and us ) feel special .
My husband and I were greeted with such friendly faces , which set the tone for the night .
The service was very slow and there were only 5 tables taken , so I 'm not sure why .
Also - the artwork on the walls is so cute !
Decent flavor , decent heat .... a little watery .... I was just like , " meh , " the whole meal .
My husband and I live close to 312 so we come here often for take out .
Glad to have you in University City , Mr. Sbraga .
We found Mac 's through one of our phone apps and decided to come here .
Was a bit skeptical because well .. it 's Reno , but this place far exceeded expectations .
I went with my mom and we both ordered salads .
Go get tacos and they are talking about the phone call like I did something wrong not vice versa .
Ingredients were piled high oh so yummy ! !
The pancakes were sweet and tasty , not dry at all .
The owner Jerry was screaming at his employees in front of customers and was very arrogant to his dining patrons .
The bartender who sat us very friendly .
I have no clue how else they would have gotten it into the state it was in when I tried to eat it .
Honestly one of the most interesting things to eat , next to the beet meringue we had earlier .
Sure , the service is cheeky if not just a little snarky , but the food is downright terrible .
I mean it was cooked perfectly and the sauce was fantastic .
* The space is drab and dreary .
Third thing , and this is a big deal , were the shrimp .
Overall the food was good .
But my best friend " Don Churchman " graduated from the American school in Kuwait and spoke perfect Arabic .
We shared the chocolate hazelnut and caramel torte which was divine .
This place is sub par at best .
I had the rigatoni vodka and my husband the fusilli with seafood .
He hoped we would come another time , but if we did n't , oh well ....
Not only was our food great but our waiting was amazing .
I want to love this place , I really do .
I think I managed OK , because I ate almost all of it and forgot to take pictures !
They changed my order without asking me .
Cumin ketchup was good .
It had been at least ten or fifteen minutes before he ever acknowledged us at the table and the place was n't even crowded !
worst resturant in the whole planet earth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!please stay away not even worth one star !
In hindsight that was not smart , as soon as I got a look at the guy , I ran for the elevator .
The only reason I bought anything was to use my Groupon but on second thought I should have just walked out empty handed .
I had the eggs bene but took off Canadian bacon and added spinach and tomato .
She had the muffuletta and I had crab cakes and gumbo .
The environment and meal was the best we have experienced in the city .
Always ignored this shop going to domino 's but I 'm so glad I popped in .
and took very good care of me and my wife .
My friend and I had a 0951 tee time .
I do n't know why it 's an empty restaurant on a Saturday evening .
A ' safe choice ' for foodies and dates .
Frijoles y queso gordita with the works .
I almost had the 2 footer but we decided to control ourselves .
It was worth every penny !
I do n't mind paying whatever for a good meal but this is ridiculous ! ! ! !
The seafood platter was again , deep fried .
This place only gets 2 star because of the water
Even the chips and salsa was good .
What seemed like a tourist trap actually turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip .
And most importantly , this place does n't take credit cards , so bring cash .
I stopped here because it was by the hotel I was staying in .
There is no smoking on the outside patio .
The cappuccino was amazing and had a really beautiful design .
A colleague and I had the special , red fish with asparagus and new potatoes , and the others had the BBQ shrimp .
I had the jambalaya and the gator balls .
It was surprisingly refreshing with the perfect amount of sweetness .
The fish tasted fresh , and the sauces were flavorful and light .
So then we decided that we had to each buy a loaf of cauliflower bread .
I ordered the braised rabbit leg .
Staff is very friendly and accommodating , and knowledgeable .
The building does n't look like much from the outside , but it 's pretty nice on the inside .
The banh mi is very sad .
It was canned and all tasted the same , syrupy and canny !
This place is huge .
Server was a bit scattered , but it was VERY crowded ...
I thought the food came REALLY fast .
Because if he had , this whole ordeal would have been avoided .
Shortly there after we headed back towards the hotel and my friend received a text stating his roo was ready .
And we both shared a bite out of each .
Andre our host and waiter was exceptional the food was the best Caribbean food that we 've have had since we left Sint Maarten .
I grew up around Sheetz locations , but I have to admit that I prefer Wawa .
My family and I look forward to going here again when we fly to Florida , which will probably be sooner than we think .
We do n't have a lot of bar - b - q joints around here and the ones we do nt have do nt taste like real authentic bar - b - q.
I came with a party of 4 , ( including myself ) .
ok ... UPDATE : Cuban pork sandwich is amazing !
He even gave a sample of the Baba ganoush which was pretty good .
Overall a terrific evening .
I had the Napa Valley burger .
The sandwich was decent , but the soup had an off - putting taste .
Highly recommended all the way around !
They also prepared sliders that were very dry and rather bland .
The confit was a little tough , cubed rather than shredded / pulled .
My girlfriend got a Dr. Pepper and I got a water .
I had the Caprese chicken with a side bowl of tomato soup .
Oh well , we left , walked further and found another hotel nearby were we spent our hard earned money .
We arrive at the Sake House at 4 pm .
I have never enjoyed eating fish and I ordered the Hogfish and it was INCREDIBLE !
Since I heard they were a " soccer bar " I did not know what to expect when I first arrived .
Service was excellent and our meal was delivered promptly despite the fact that the restaurant and bar were at full capacity .
My profe introduced me to this place .
He was humorous and kind , which took the edge off .
its fair to say i will not be going back ever again !
This was cooked well and the sauce w/ tasso ham worked well w/ the mashed potatoes .
The jalapeno grits were spectacular and so was the biscuit .
The owner , Veronika , is incredibly vibrant and makes for an amazing evening .
Once he finished up he gave us his full attention .
The wines were matched very well .
The only meat I could taste was ground beef and not any Italian sausage which really should dominate .
One of my friends said it was the best coffee she 'd ever had !
I did n't get a chance to try the BBQ , which makes me a little sad .
then they gave us a lame excuse of needing to redo one plate .
I wo n't want to come back any time soon voluntarily .
we waited for food for 45 more minutes .
I did n't know then I 'd fall in love with New Orleans and never want to leave !
I usually like Caruso 's but it just kinda sucked the last time I was there .
We then ordered another dozen of the oysters because they were so good .
They have lots of TV 's so it 's also a good place to catch the game .
We had a less than mediocre dining experience at Basil Spice last Saturday .
The fresh carnations on each table was a nice touch , as is the different and local artwork decorating the walls .
The kathi - rolls were really good , but the pizza was pretty bad .
Turns out they forgot the order .
They wisely gave us a copy of the menu to be prepared once we were seated , and we did indeed plan our entire meal in advance .
The potatoes -- excellent .
Only a few peas were not quite thawed , but it marred what was otherwise a perfectly crafted masterpiece of a dish .
I had the Pan con Bistec , and my wife had the Cuban .
The servers are professional and very attentive .
I was n't terribly hungry , so I just ordered a cup of gumbo .
The restaurant itself was small , but very cute inside .
Well , this is one very good deli .
I have a feeling they have the business they have because of the business 's close proximity to West Chester student housing .
First off , it is essentially outdoors dining ( so do n't come here when it is bad weather .
Great brunch & bloody Mary 's !
I had their turkey chili and Jim 's favorite sandwich and both were easy to digest !
It was after 10 , so the place was fairly empty .
Because my wife and I do , all the time -- you are our neighborhood pub and restaurant .
The vegetable platter was amazing though !
We were thrilled with the price and the quality and portions of the food !
Excellent omg the BBQ shrimp sauce with the bread is excellenta ( I made up that word ) .
The pho was good I think .
Still new to the area , but found this place and it reminds me a bit of Home ( I 'm from Seattle ) .
The fans also blew the smoke from the neighboring table 's cigarettes over to us .
We split an entree with an app and a side and paid greater than $ 40 !
This was a mistake- hard , gritty , and low on flavor .
Oddly enough , the manager and our waitress kept high - fiving and referring to each other as rock stars .
My family and I love Chipotle !
First found this place last year but did n't remember the name , Yelp to the rescue !
The fries were delicious too- great sweet / savory seasoning !
This was our first time eating there .
I put it on " lost mode " - setting my best friend 's number as the call back .
The burger looked pretty small , but it ended up being very filling .
The servers were super rad and helpful ( even when we request 9 separate checks - I know , we 're jerks ) .
The best part , though , was the Vietnamese iced coffee !
We all have default places that we go to , some out of habit , others because , there are no other places like it .
I do n't think I 've ever had smoked fish but I liked it .
We slurped down every bit of both bowls , even with sweat on our brows .
You can see it on her face .
The scallops were especially good - big and tender .
The wait for us was not unreasonable .
We all had a pleasant time and were in and out in about an hour :)
But the tour and the rest of the experience was amazing !
and if the kitchen was more accommodating .
After sitting in acknowledged for seven minutes I left and drove up the street where I had a fantastic experience .
Our entire meal was filled with words such as ' wow ' , ' amazing ' and ' you must try this . '
The place looked nice and well kept a place I felt comfortable eating at .
His name was Shawn , and he seemed like a beer master .
The theme obviously fit the occasion and was a great send off for us .
Elmo 's ( which is right next door ) but in a newer building and a brighter more open environment .
First , cabeza is my favorite type taco meat , and El Nene 's does it very well .
We chose Minato because I recognized one of their chefs on their facebook page .
when I say everyone is entitled to an off day ... but it was an off day at Urban Eats .
It 's a great place to hang out with friends and family .
Got a chance to talk to the family that owns this place and they were very friendly .
She gives us the lunch menu even though lunch is about to end .
The whole restaurant was wearing winter jackets during their meals .
The seating is limited , as its such a small place , but do n't let that deter you !
The outside seating was decorated nicely , very comfortable classy setting .
What an amazing dinner experience .
No one ever showed .
Elixr coffee was spot on .
The pizza was tasty and could have almost been a meal .
My boyfriend and I decided to order one small , two medium , and one large dish .
We got a lot of compliments from guests .
My husband and I went through to get some dinner and had great service .
The first time I went was during happy hour and all I had were the tacos(lengua , Carne asada ) there , amazing stuff .
We always bring friends here when in town from other places around the country ...
The Gambas al Ajillo was merely shrimp in an spicy garlic oil .
It took a little while for someone to take our drink order but after that things started to hum right along .
This place is a great hidden gem .
Darrell came back with a fresh plate of eggs and apologized to me , he was definitely a lot more friendly than his counterpart .
I felt completely overloaded with oil and kinda sick to my stomach by the end of the entree , but that 's just me .
And the place is tucked away alone all by itself off a side street .
It was a delicious hot appetizer .
Service and management terrible ...
We just barely made it in the door and to a table in time for the half price sushi .
The kibbeh was really good , and definitely made fresh as it was piping hot and came a few minutes after the labnah .
Food was good , we took advantage of the Sunday Buffet it included fried chicken , greens , smother steak , corn , cabbage .
The Guji and the bouquet latte are my favorite items .
My friend ordered the chocolate waffle - he said it was very chocolatey , but did n't have much else to say .
The answer I was given was that It 's coming and thet I can go ahead and pay for it .
What was really annoying was the parking situation .
We make it a point to come here every time we are in NOLA .
The batter was good and the chicken was tender .
The pita bread is just so soft and perfect .
I was extremely impressed with the fantastic customer service I received from the very nice woman working there today .
This place is a great addition to the neighborhood and an asset to our community .
The cocktails , the charcuterie , the cheese , antipasti , pasta ... everything was well thought out and worked great together .
We were seated within about 30 minutes , which was not bad given how busy they are .
I was with a large - ish group of about 8 people , so there was a brief wait for a table .
It 's a lot of food and make sure you sleep with water next to your bed because it 's very salty , in a good way .
The open style kitchen allowed a unique vantage point that made me feel like chef Paul only worked on our meal all night .
It 's a very casual eat in restaurant so we often get ours to go .
Its a relaxed atmosphere without sacrificing the attentiveness to their customers .
I really really wanted to like this place but did n't .
Really enjoyed my evening at Lucy 's .
A young female brought us a free appetizer and stated it was for the long wait .
and they took 10 dollars off .
We came for dinner at Friday night .
oooor maybe the sope special with rice and beans .
All four meals were over the top great .
4 ) the waitress was rude and not knowledgeable about the menu .
The place itself could have been a little cleaner ...
The sauce was delicious and flavorful , the mushroom fried golden to perfection .
My go to meal is the el guapo with chicken , sweet potato fries and a fountain drink .
The pickle was like the best pickle I 've ever had and the ketchup was great too .
BBQ oysters were really tasty .
As for busy or dead , it 's a crapshoot .
The chicken on both was good .
Also , she gave a more than accurate description of all of the menu items .
Thank you , trusty Yelpers !
Worse yet all the sides were cold .
I had a fresh squeezed orange juice .
The fish was also great .
My wife and I had breakfast combo number one and it was awesome .
The pork steak was cold .
Looove the food and the service is wonderful Atmosphere and decor on point ! !
- Service was very fast .
The presentation was extremely aesthetic , especially with the two different colored sauces .
The food came out quickly and was just as delicious as it looked .
The veal was tender , the mushrooms were delicious , and the sauce , well I think I had dreams about it that night .
We decided on the fried chicken sliders , fried oyster , and the pork belly sliders .
My mom and I love this place oh and my step dad comes here almost every day .
That was the other miss .
Our pasta dishes were equally as disappointing and gross .
We did n't get a milkshake because we could n't eat another bite .
The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is its a little pricey .
First , it 's just plain ole too expensive .
Personally I prefer ' fall off the bone ' ribs .
Ca n't wait to come back and try out the dinner menu .
We asked about the hidden cost of the chicken and salsa our server rolled her eyes and let us know she does not make the rules .
The food was amazing and the atmosphere and service were great .
The sauce in both dishes was excellent !
Not sure what happened to this place .
I am so proud to see President Trump visited this location this week .
So glad to know I also have a location closer to me in Old City .
I ordered the half chopped salad ( mom 's recommendation ) and the 1/2 caprese sandwich .
Then , Blake , a floor manager and seems he was serving at the bar too , came by to talk to us .
I had the crayfish bisque which was delicious , and the crayfish etouffe .
Could have been more cheesy(everything in the world could be more cheesy , though , in my opinion ) .
After our appetizer came out and we finished it , our Caesar salads came out as well as a loaf of bread and some butter .
wednesday is triple special day .
There wedge fries were also good .
All real stemware , flatware and dishes .
My sister 's was moist and icing was good .
The pork bulgagi was dry and the beef bbq was very bland .
I never thought I 'd like pineapple in my roll , but it really surprised me .
I was so confused about the chili when I first got it because it looked like it was potato soup .
There 's something for everyone here and I for one am thrilled to have them so close by .
The waitress brought our drinks and took our order quite efficiently .
I arrived first , I was shocked at how noisy it was inside , of course sitting outside was not an option .
The burger was very juicy , cooked as ordered and quite large .
We liked the shrimp spring rolls a lot .
But I liked what I saw when I stopped by today and I feel comfortable writing about what I saw .
Ok , I did it .... I tried the pickle soup .... and I loved it !
The space is gorgeous .
My date ordered duck .
He walked by us several times and we looked at him like have our table .
It was ordered medium and came out closer to well done .
The Walking Dead game was pretty cool .
The service was awesome .
It took an hour and a half to arrive .
It 's not a fancy seafood restaurant , but worth a visit because it 's right at the end of the pier with beautiful views .
I 'm so sad yet so glad it 's not closer to my house .
We were seated immediately at a table for four .
While on vacation in New Orleans we were exploring the French Quarter and wanted to find a good place for lunch .
I was only there for a few minutes to get some food , but the workers were very very friendly and left a good impression on me !
We had the bearcat for dessert .
It was pretty bland for my liking - in complete contrast to the sausage and pepper pizza - and the pepperoni was pretty sparse .
What you order should mostly depend on your tastes and how adventurous you 're feeling that night .
The mofongo is delicious .
The lobster bisque was very good and the shrimp tacos were really great .
I visited the spa .
Drinks were decent : my bf had a bourbon / cherry martini & I had my favorite- a dry , dirty grey goose martini .
The coffee was fine , the service was fine , the ambiance was fine ... overall , my experience was nothing special .
I did n't care too much for one of the waiters .
I was confused on what food was available so i had the Mac and Fruit and it was so good .
We needed more time with the menu , but as soon as we were ready , he was there to take our order .
easily worst place i 've been in a while
However , we wo n't be back simply because for that price there are way better things to do .
We did love the salads and the olive bread .
I told him about my previous salsa experience and he nodded .
The majority of the time we were there they moped around behind the counter like zombies where a TV was on with the news .
The house - made fries were scrumptious .
for the average rolls you can chose 4 pieces or 8 pieces and its 8 dollars or 16 dollars for most .
I 've never been here for dinner so I do n't know what changes on the dinner buffet .
We had to ask the host for boxes , napkins drinks etc .
We patiently waited in line to get a table .
JJ , my server , was also super friendly .
The pizza just became a salt bomb .
The waitress whom I believe was the owner was friendly , helpful and a pleasure .
I ordered the jambalaya pasta and my bf ordered a pound of crawfish .
We had reservations but were made to wait 15 minutes by the hostess even though the restaurant was only half full .
This took at least 10 minutes to arrive after we placed the order and our coffee was served on the cold side .
Joe had the pulled pork and the pork green chilies .
She looked at me annoyed when I asked for a cup of water .
So I proceeded to try some of my cold , oily concoction and unsurprisingly it tasted like nothing .
We stopped in on a fluke Saturday afternoon .
It was n't ready and I could n't wait as I had to leave for the airport .
The spice and boil made a kind of broth / sauce and it was delicious dipping the garlic bread in it .
( I would have taken a photo , but I ate my food so fast !
Perhaps a new method other than a scibbled piece of scrap paper is needed .... needless to say we will not be back !
Its fresh and the staff are great !
Rude not very friendly at the reception .
You ca n't escape the coffee smell that pours into the Ybor streets even from blocks away .
He was told he could get 3 jumbo 's and 5 large which was fine .
There was no sense of professionalism or quality customer service .
And our drink glasses were empty for 10 minutes !
Crab cake was surprisingly good too .
There 's also one television inside .
Restaurant was fancy and crowded but they were able to seat us right away !
I stopped in to order take out and get a drink while I waited since it was happy hour .
Pretty bummed I did n't try out the Catbird Seat , because this place was totes underwhelming .
I ate this dish in tiny bites to savour the experience .
This is one of my ultimate favorite pig out spots .
I adored the salad , which was fresh and crisp with a tangy vinaigrette dressing .
It wa sa beautiful day and we wanted an al fresco style happy hour / dinner thing going on .
They remember our names , exactly how we love our dishes , and stop by to chat and catch up .
My only complaint ... my burger was a bit over cooked .
The food was standard poke bowl fare .
I got a bite from the sweet potato pancakes and those were pretty swell .
( I hate asking for salsa over and over ! )
So , we pull into the lot , and pray we 're not hit by any of the 19 Crown Victorias cruising the lot .
I had the bratwurst rueban and my partner in crime had the blackened chicken sandwich .
I love love love the Teriyaki Burrito tonight it was all burrito and no teriyaki .
My only complaint - Why have n't I been here before ? !
We got there 12:30 and were lucky to snag the last open booth .
The sauce was awful so my boyfriend switched his meal for mine .
Thanks for helping me to relive my childhood memories ! ! !
I just moved here to Brentwood and I 'm very disappointed in this establishment and the employees here .
We ordered pizza for delivery from Elicia 's .
- Ceviche de Pescado : fresh , zesty , salty , overall one of the best ceviches I 've ever had .
+ The menu broken up into courses , as well specifically calls out vegan / gluten friendly options .
I had the Duncan Hines slice of yellow cake and glass of milk .
The food is incredibly cheap and insanely delicious .
The wait staff was friendly but nothing special but we got served very quickly .
We did have good sevice .
It 's a very cool , very like - minded crowd .
and we left feeling sated but not overfed , as is often the case at places in the midwest .
Overall , I would n't go back but it is a cool atmosphere and right in downtown which is convenient .
They must have had an off day today .
It 's a personal preference , so others may think it 's fantastic .
The greens were fresh and covered the plate so that it looked more like a salad plate rather than a seafood dish .
But the best part was the habachi chef .
I had the Patche 's Melt with the Truffle fries , it was delicious .
The gnocchi was also made it house and upon eating it , I just felt like I was floating on a potato cloud in heaven .
My partner and I went here for dinner on our first night in NOLA !
Our dinners were superior .
My husband ordered a Manhattan first and I a vodka tonic .
The only thing that was good was the oysters because it 's raw .
Which reminds me of a big positive - the restaurant is a BYO , and there 's a liquor store conveniently next door !
The boy and I did a weekend - long food tour of Philly and this was stop # 65 or so , so we were n't extremely hungry coming in .
My husband and I were passing through the city from a long road trip , and I have always wanted to try this place out .
Only 60 % of the tables were occupied .
The catfish and grits were also very good .
My mother and I got the same exact order and she was charged two dollars more .
Again , the red sauce was very salty .
Whatever , I had a headache and did n't feel like being too social anyway .
Their new location in Clayton is absolutely stunning .
The whole experience was very unsatisfying and I would be reluctant to come back here anytime soon .
The atmosphere is fun and bright but if its killer mexican food you 're after ....... Friacos is just down the street .
All I could wonder was how the hell they did this !
The restaurant was nice , and the staff was very friendly .
For what my husband and I got ( he got chicken noodle soup and a sandwich ) it was a little over $ 30 ! !
There wo n't be a 3rd time .
This is one of the best sandwich shops within several hundred miles of here at least .
What did disappoint me were the grits and the gravy .
My friends and I were looking for an inexpensive but good place for lunch , so we asked a ticket vendor for a recommendation .
However , the service was a horrible disaster .
No I went for the Sirloin ( medium rare ) , blue cheese , carmelized onions , portabello mushrooms , and jalepeno bacon .
We just had fabulous meals all around at such a reasonable price !
The sweet potato fries were fine .
The bartender , who walked past us at least 3 times , was at the bar on her IPad about 3 feet away from us when we walked out .
I 'm from Seattle so I 'm a little spoiled in that department .
The food came pretty quickly and was exactly what I ordered .
The worst Italian food I have ever tasted ! ! !
Had a very nice first visit here .
Stopped in after a Phillies Spring Training game and am so glad we did !
The food was very good and filling .
Other servers kept checking it and no one brought it over .
We had a party of 4 and were able to walk in at 7 pm on a Wednesday - but by about 7:30pm it was PACKED !
The steak itself was a bit tough and took a while for us to chew and swallow .
My alum and I actually find it is quite comical that they paid someone to install these monstrosities !
Really enjoyed the meal here .
Ca n't say compared to other greek restaurants that it would be my pick to drive out of the way for however it was OK .
Their fish are surprisingly very fresh for being so far from the ocean .
I had steak tacos and they were good ... not great though .
He was happy to split the check and we were happy to leave a generous tip .
Most all the shakers on the tables were half full or less .
We ended the savory dishes by sharing the culotte steak and pork coppa .
I got the short rib tacos .
Too bad that dish ( and that 's my only complain ) was way over - salted .
Happy hour was just about to end , but we were able to get $ 1 oysters on HH .
They do NOT accept reservations but we were able to get in early on a Friday night .
Staff was friendly and attentive .
My husband and I ordered take out and were given a 25 minute pick up time .
Instead , they had a grilled chicken sandwich and that seemed to be the only chicken sandwich I saw , so I ordered it .
I tried my companion 's pesto and mushroom sandwich and it was quite good ( probably not healthy either ) .
And the oysters were HUGE !
Yes , it was in a strange place - an area I never go to , but not too difficult to find .
Spicy chicken wings -- excellent ! !
A complex mix of flavors that together was truly amazing .
The weird thing was , my other friend , who is generally more picky with food , actually ate all the duck meat .
Because the manager knew he was n't satisfied with the food they took his meal off the check .
They rarely visit so picking an awesome restaurant- a task assigned to me as the Philly resident- was very important .
Carmen even brought us a take home bag with the menu from the evening and some extra goodies !
Crab empanada was very good as are calamari and tenderloin dishes .
After getting everything together puddles still in the floor , my sister fell in one puddle and I slid through another .
Everything we had ( turtle soup , tuna duo , truffle fries , oysters , crabmeat deviled eggs , beef mole sopes ) , was delicious !
They were so damn good , even the cold leftovers I ate the next morning were still delicious .
We had the dips , moussaka , rabbit , and lamb .
I had the fried chicken in a bag and it was delicious !
Decor is traditional French quarter and it feels very cozy when you 're here .
Its pretty good , like the same as any other good culvers .
I thought maybe this was an oversight but we ordered 3 appetizers and they did it all 3 times .
There was a bit of a wait because I did n't make a reservation , but the food was WELL worth the wait .
He said he would cook everything in Olive Oil , and let me tell you the food was delicious !
I felt some of the items were a tad pricey considering the sizes being on a smaller size .
They use microwaves people so its not even fresh , just crap .
We finally sat , and a young , brunette waitress came and took our order .
First , the bathroom was n't clean .
They add pieces of pork and it 's juicy .
The Redfish was seasoned to perfection !
FYI - Don't look up at the ceiling fans , they were so filled with dirt , that you might get dust in your eyes !
The bread pudding was good and a nice way to end the meal , the pecan topping was the best part .
I had the rainbow acai bowl and it was filled with lots of fresh fruit , granola and coconut .
The manager is very present and visible the whole time .
We also had the chop salad which was magnificent !
i ve had burgers multiple times this week , and within the week , the village burger was the best of the ones i had
I had the savory spinach and mushroom bread pudding and it was ridiculously good .
Go down the street to the one on York Road near the mall .
At the end of the night , our family and friends loved the food and everyone had a great time .
I should say that our food was just okay , and I 'm not sure if it was because we got it to go , or because it was just okay .
We were so happy to bite into a thin crispy crust !
Last was I chose the chocolate cake .
Every time we walk in he makes us feel so welcome and he even remembers if we do n't have kids with us or not .
Really disappointed by the quality of food and the overall experience here .
I do n't think we will be back because this experience left a sour taste in our mouths .
It was just so fresh and juicy and actually tasted like something , rather than a slab of cardboard with ketchup on it .
I wo n't be back and if I were you I would find a different place to go .
Quality great !
The fries ( sweet potato , truffle , regular ) are all some of the best I 've ever had ( especially the truffle fries ) .
So I wound up having to eat in my car but this was a small price to pay .
The people who work there are really friendly and cool .
They keep their pizzas as genuine and traditional as possible .
Thankfully the skillet was hot enough that I could blend it in and it cooked itself ( I hope ) .
We never heard of this place before .
Once we saw local police were eating there , it was a sign that this was a good establishment .
It was the best grilled cheese sandwich I 've ever had .
I was full but took home a slice of black forrest chocolate cherry cake which was great .
Anyways , the food came quick and was tasty .
The other thing is that it is very clean and neat for and walk up place with only outside seating .
Ca n't wait to come back for brunch !
I ca n't put my finger on exactly what it was that made them so good , but the pancakes were divine !
It 's cooked to order , so they make it there right in front of you .
Centrally located in the center ( duh ) of the casino offering a birds eye view of the action .
The server was very friendly and patient with are endless questions .
Smith ( soon to be Smith , she 's engaged i do n't know her current last name ) .
The shell was fresh and crispy .
Very poor service , very greasy pizza .
( the original ) They bring fruits , brownies , cake , and marshmellows to dip in it and it 's absolutely heavenly .
We had breakfast here this morning based on the Yelp reviews and were not disappointed .
The bar and wait staff were friendly and knowledgeable .
We allways have a good time with the wait staff , whom are knowlageable and friendly .
The snapper was so good that I was sad when it was all gone , lol .
The brisket and smoked sausage were my favorite , but the boudin and pulled pork were fantastic too .
The pizzas in the box looked nothing like the pics on the box .
The pate and cold cuts were quality .
but I 'd totally come back for the 3 items above as these were totally on point .
She was very familiar with the menu and where all the fish came from .
Then for pudding , we shared the panacotta , chocolate tort and the jewish apple cake ?
It 's tucked away in a small strip mall right off of Hwy .
There were two other tables , i.e. , 4 other people .
I am not normally one to order sweets but the description reeled me and I am very thankful for that .
And they 're dog friendly ! !
I prefer to be further east towards Frenchman St but this was a nice place to stay .
The service was good - BUT the food-
We ordered a beef stirfry and two curry chicken dishes ( Do n't remember the names ) .
I 've never had spinach gnocchi quite like this and was such an awesome experience .
The waitress came back and asked if I wanted to take it home , I said yes .
It was busy but I got sat immediately and the hostess was extremely friendly .
They drew a bird on her plate !
The noodles were very thick and the broth quite heavy .
I loved the poke bowl !
My favorite appetizers are the steamed dumplings and the chicken satay .
The hubby and I have been here on multiple occasions and we have loved every part of the meal , every single time .
This place was really surprising .
They had an APPLE PIE TINI listed as their drink special and it was fantastic !
To my surprise , nothing was gamey and the meat was actually tender and juicy .
The staff was friendly , and convinced us to try the tres leche cake , which was wonderful !
We were on a mission to find tacos al pastor after a great Vegas trip .
I also felt like things were a two overpriced .
I say " breadsticks " because they were really more like garlic bread strips .
This Vietnamese restaurant was our last stop before heading home .
There were two " stalls " in the bathroom .
My friend said it felt like being trapped in a dentist 's waiting room .
The food was good but overall very very salty and the gumbo was the size of a cup and overpriced ( $ 7.95 ) .
My mom got palak paneer which was delicious as well and my dad got chicken tikka masala , also 5 stars .
A local recommended the restaurant .
We had the meatball appetizer , the rigatoni and the tagliatelle bolognese .
The server CONTINUOUSLY passed our table after our money was ready , avoiding us , un - attentive to anything .
The poboys were sooooo good especially the crabcake poboy .
To my pleasant surprise the food is outstanding .
Note to chef ... flatbread is supposed to be flat .
The space is very comfortable and beautifully decorated .
I scarfed it down thanks to my near state of starvation , but found the roux too rich for my taste .
I love this place ... the veggie buffalo wings are the best and the margaritas are on point ! ! ! ! !
I 'm picky about Indian food , and all I can say is WOW it 's good !
Next we each had a bowl of tomato bisque with grilled cheese .
Stopped in for dinner , and we had a fantastic experience .
Food and drinks were really good ... service was ... not so good .
I 'm not sure what the complaints are about , but we have been there twice this week , and enjoyed it both times .
everything tasted great , and we were happy to support this initiative .
And I really did n't like the interior of the restaurant .
And these r the best ! ! !
This is a super interesting place .
My wife and I really wanted to like this place .
I came here tonight and it was gross .
Once we were finally seated and given the menu .
The desk clerk at the Hampton Inn recommended this restaurant .
For about 5 minutes and the waiter 1 came over and took our orders .
I was able to get a quick bite and I can see why !
There was a party in our corridor one night that we had to call reception about .
What a great country .
Sat outside , which seems like the way to go .
A couple sitting at the bar were told the kitchen lost their order .
My first time @ O'Charley 's .
I asked for the manager .
The fact that the food was up to par with his memory was a huge bonus .
The restaurant is the last one at the very end of the pier .
My husband had the Divorciados and it was both unusual and tasty !
However , the knots tasted pre - made and luke warm .
My waiter was great , and super attentive .
The staff are always very welcoming and accommodating .
When I found out that a Panera was opening close to my house , I was so excited .
While there for dinner there were a lot of folks picking up Togo orders .
The green and red sauces were flavorful .
I ordered the ricotta gnocchi which I very much enjoyed .
I went Saturday night with a small group of friends , and Marrakesh was quite the experience .
The green beans were good also !
You wo n't go wrong with anything on the menu .
It is a BYOB which I like .
i had the steak with pineapple and she had the rack of lamb which she devoured
I had the bacon stack , which was tasty .
I got a sandwich at North Star Coffee around the corner and gave them my $ 10 instead .
By far my favorite restaurant in Indianapolis .
Still nobody has come by our table .
One breast piece was fairly small , the other was a chicken finger smaller than the wing .
3 of our 4 drink glasses were empty for a while until we were able to flag her down to ask for more .
The bread that came out before the meal was hot and decent overall .
Which was a score for me , but yeah , that did cost a star because now she does n't want to go there as much .
The chicken tikka masala and the buttered chicken are delicious as well as the lamb shanks .
We ordered two different noodle soups .
We arrived about 7 pm​ on a Friday night and the place was nearly full with just a few tables left .
The absolute WORST service EVER ...
I did n't hear any complaints around the table !
Because if she does n't like it , she 's not the kind of person you should be with .
Thank you for making that work Steve .
The whole thing fell apart the second I lifted it up .
I brought it to the manager and she personally made me a new sandwich and gave me an extra cookie too for the inconvenience .
Wo n't be ordering from this location again .
Inside , I was surprised at how small the restaurant is but loved its cozy ambiance .
We were pleasantly surprised at our delicious our taco 's turned out to be .
Apology was give and we were told it was delivered to another table .
Over all a good place to go if your in the area .
This place is really bad now ..
Once we were seated our waiter was extremely nice and did a great job with such a large party !
We should be glad we do n't all have someone looking over our shoulder attacking our motives .
This was my favorite place on my trip to NOLA !
The desert bread pounding was at best Average .
I 've always been kind of curious about it but I think the weird location is what deterred me from going .
he also tried the potatoes au gratin and said it tasted almost as though they used easy - mac cheese on them .
However , it took a while for my fiancée and I to make it over there due to the shady neighborhood .
The cornbread was great .
I could n't put down the french fries although I 'm sure they are sysco provided .
We were really impressed with the environment , service , pricing , and quality of the food .
I do n't really feel wow - ed or disappointed by it .
I can tell you from my seat they were treated like a respected customer who had deep pockets .
While all I had here was Oysters they were spectacular .
Both experiences hovered on the border between mediocre and poor .
But I will say the next time we visit Tucson we probably wo n't be stopping by .
We also shared the grilled octopus that was done nicely too .
So a few of my friends got back from a long day and we wanted to order food bc we were too tired to go out .
The bus boy was very friendly , however .
Our group ordered four different sandwiches , and all were delicious !
My favorite part about this place is that they offer all their sandwiches as wraps .
I had ordered carry out only to return home with the wrong order .
My husband and I were visiting from Ohio .
Took a group of 12 seniors on a field trip to this location and they treated us like royalty !
The meat was flavorful and spicy , the mashed potatoes savory and chunky , and the rolls buttery and doughy !
The dessert bar - I 've already forgotten the specific name - was decadently good ..
Now all construction on market I ca n't find him ! !
It was all cooked to perfection , and I absolutely recommend them .
I used to love to go to this place back in the late 1980s when it was on Pine Street .
The food , mediocre .
The quality of the sushi was very good .
This is true fine dining .
So we picked it up after we took out money at the Wawa because they do n't take cards .
Well I have to tell you Cervesa Jack 's made a Texas boy feel at home !
I actually did n't get them for the first time last night and the first thing my boyfriend said to me was " no wings ? " .
Some items ( the charred broccoli , house - cured beets , and tuna with white beans ) were amazing .
The ambiance was fantastic , the food was delicious .
One of the more upscale places in French Quarter .
in addition to ice cream , there were other baked goods - apple pie , peanut butter pie , etc .
The restaurant was clean and did n't have any sort of odd scent .
Some of the guys look like they are in drugs , which is not surprising due to the poor quality of their pizza .
You must have gone on an " off " night , because our burgers were juicy and quite tasty .
The pizza was not very good .
OK , it was a lovely morning in Boise , sunshiny and people enjoying the patio and the spacious bright inside restaurant .
I feel I made my point ..
By the looks of how things were going , I could tell this was n't a grab - and - go kind of space .
And I do n't even know why they are extra loose chairs inside the theater ..
I ordered the spinach salad .
And for dessert ( yes- hard to believe we had room for that too ) the creme brulee was the clear winner .
Nothing fell short through this meal , from the greeting , to the service , and of course the tastiness of the food .
wow worst food worst service and the owner is completely unprofessional ...
My husband took one bite of his sandwich , which arrived very promptly , and said " it has no flavor , and it 's chewy . "
The prices were all messed up and apparently our waitress had given us the wrong food .
We finally received the text message for dinner .
Kimchi was fresh and the food was super delicious .
The buffalo bella and fries are definitely my favorite items .
The water and the soft drink .
We will never ever be returning to this place .
When the waitress asked if I wanted a box and I said no ....
" I could eat 2 green papaya salads myself " was my thought .
Do n't know where they get their bread from but it 's soooo good .
The bacon was scrawny .
Super disappointed in this place !
Wife had Mango - Thai tini that was really nice !
Its a darn shame that Logans can never seem to get quality right .
I heard about this place in the January / Feb ' 08 issue of California AAA 's Via magazine .
Kind of a mixed bag .
I had the roti ( indian pancakes ) and they were absolutely delious .
But the real treat of the night was our bartender Charlie ask for him if you sit at the bar you wo n't be disappointed .
Favorite place whenever we go to Nashville .
We ate our main meal then salad & biscuits .
My hubby had carnitas - very dry .
We arrived at 8 and waited 25 minutes and we still had not been asked for our drink order .
The food and services were great , too .
When I see that hot pink truck , I start jumping like a little kid and I get so excited ! !
He was probably new because he did n't know the menu .
We both asked for half of our meals wrapped up because we were so stuffed we could n't finish them .
The chicken sandwich was delicious though .
Thank you Katie 's for always being a culinary highlight to my NOLA trips !
The pitchers and ice bucket were both in plastic containers you can get from the dollar store .
the cob salad was huge and very good .
We sat up at the counter and the sushi chefs were friendly and very attentive even though we also had a regular server .
I had a little tree as well .
i 'm glad we walked six miles before we ate because the portions are big .
I should have let that be my que to just leave , but I chose to stay and eat .
I ordered vegetarian red beans and rice and cornbread .
Even the music playing over the loud speaker was downtempo , providing a " big city " feel to the establishment .
She said I could n't sit there and had to leave the bar .
Hella 's has been my go - to Greek restaurant in Tarpon .
When we got the check , we noticed that there was a 18 % gratuity added to the tab , even though there were only 3 of us .
They act like this holiday does n't come EVERY damn year .
Probably one of our least favourite meals while staying in New Orleans .
I ordered my standard choice of Sam Adams figuring it was a safe bet .
All were really high quality and tasty .
We got the fish tacos and the burger .
The truffle fries were rather greasy ... I opted for spinach , safer and healthier !
This is one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA !
Just had an excellent lunch here .
Was super happy with General Tso 's chicken for $ 6.75 .
Love , love , love Puckett 's .
We took the recommendation of our server and had the house made ginger ale .
I 'd rather drive over to the one in narberth .
My parents were in town visiting and I was excited to share the outdoor views with them .
Heard great things about Andreas and it lived up to every expectation .
Either ate or had drinks here a few times over the summer as my office was just upstairs .
The pasta is cooked to perfection and even when it 's SWARMING with people , the service is stupendous .
We were told that they do n't offer it this way any more .
Whole package , you wo n't be disappointed .
Though we were fairly full , I am never one to pass on dessert , so we shared the chaud froid and the lemon tart .
And , no , I can assure you , we were not out of line or yelling or making a scene or rude for our part ; we just are n't the type .
So after I posted the review about the receipt goof up they did , the manager reached out to apologize and refunded the money .
I also loved that when I sat down , some very delicious cornbread fritters were delivered .
We ordered a chocolate mousse cake that came to us frozen .
Not sure it was the right mood .
So after a few mins over the phone he smoothed everything over !
The slider was a better choice than the meat pies .
We had a coupon that we told the server to add to our bill .
And the snails were nice and tender .
I heard that this place had the best burger in St.
Upon entering , we were greeted by who I think was the owner or manager - a very dapper older gent sitting at the bar .
The AV in the meeting rooms was cruddy .
We ordered our drinks and meal all at that point , as it was lunch time and we did n't have all day to wait .
Very romantic ... Service has always been excellent !
I went in at 2 in the afternoon for lunch on a very busy afternoon and sat at the bar by myself .
The grilled portobellos ! !
We ordered two burgers cooked medium & they were well done .
The fries were hollow and the fish was just gross ..
The bugolgi was the absolute worst I 've ever tasted .
We located seating at the high top bar which we were told would be adequately serviced .
I asked our server what type of oysters they were and she did n't know but said she would ask someone .
The bone - in ribeye was seasoned to perfection , bacon mac and cheese was also delicious , and the crab cake was tasty .
When we got get drinks they set two wooden tokens down but did n't reference the at all , so we did n't know what they were for .
We 've been here before and love the food so it 's a shame that this happened .
My b / f had chicken piccata which is their specialty and he thought it was just average .
Hash browns were fluffy and delicious .
The chow fun was good .
The guy had the spicy beef noodle soup , beef was braised as well .
We 're all plotting our return .
I was n't a big fan of the pork sausage , since it was on the sweeter side .
I ate both of our grains and veggies and my husband ate all the fish .
Such a cute place and the servers were all super friendly !
The only appetizing item on the menu was the buffalo wings .
The ambiance was n't ideal .
The pulled chicken was so delicious I almost slapped someone .
I was then told it would be 45 min-1 hour .
Well Charles LaScala should n't worry because this is a very good mid - level Italian restaurant .
Everything was fresh and tasty , prepared in view of the counter .
Spice n Grill has the best Indian food in St.
I honestly can ' t believe it took me so long to try this place .
Last but not least ... Mom enjoyed her peach pie .
The woman ( I think the owner ) was so nice and had great energy !
We 've been to Brixx three times in the last couple months .
I ordered about 6 plates , 4 from the conveyor and 2 from my waiter .
I thought they might be freshly made like the menu stated but they did n't look fresh at all .
I try not to stop in frequently , but it 's always a treat when I do .
I was so excited to be able to order this because only a few places in the city have it on their menu .
I 'm sure there 's also darts and I just did n't see them .
The food was excellent -- we had red beans and rice and fried chicken .
The wine we have to get the name of it was a pinot from CA not from Oregon I would recommend it .
I had the fresh red fish and it was amazing .
We finally did over the weekend .
Also the naans are really good as are a lot of the appetizers , including the samosas .
The bar and lounge area are both very cute and cozy .
Chicken was a bit disappointing .
Every time we go they treat us like if we were in Tokyo The Chef / owner takes pride in what he does .
This pizza was expensive and only ok ...
The bisque was n't anything overly special , but it was pretty good and I enjoyed it .
The lobster had a touch of lemon that really helped bring out the flavor , & it was nice and chunky ...
The only negative thing I will say is that the time for the food coming out was a bit sporadic .
The house salad was also very good .
The chef also sent out delicious chocolates and praline treats !
My fellow Yelpers thank you once again for leading us to the greenest pastures ....
We took the river boat tour that is very informative and a nice couple of minutes to take a tour around the resort .
Once home we both had horrible stomach aches .
When you call their room service line before 11 AM most of the time they do not answer .
Thankfully the weather was breezy so it was fun standing outside on the bow , especially as the lights came on on shore .
I went to go grab some napkins and he made me ASK FOR HIS PERMISSION .
The enfrijoladaa are probably the best things I 've ever eaten , period .
I think you may need to go to confession after eating this- it 's so good , you feel like you did something dirty !
Soup of the day was delicious , and the dessert sampler was really decadent .
I ordered a glass of red wine to go with my pizza .
For dessert I got some fried dough balls ( I 'm not really sure what they 're called because its in Italian ) .
We were lucky and had a groupon so our food bill was nt took high .
When she gave us our dishes a few minutes later , she disappeared .
I did n't try the sprouts ( I really do n't like them ) , but everything else was so good !
It 's like a Vegas Style resort(One of the reasons why Nashville is refereed to as Nashvegas ? ) .
We had to wait for him to come around to ask him if it was the right check .
One of my friends let me try their burger , and the meat was of really good quality and also cooked perfectly to temperature .
My wife and I had to leave Zydeco after being seated at our table .
Seriously loving the Philly location .
We got a calzone and my son got a cheese pizza .
Probably the best White Russian I 've ever had in my life and it was only $ 5.50 .
The coffee mugs were adorable and are a great gift ( albeit a little expensive at $ 18 each ) .
I think its just one of those places I am glad to say I 've been to , but I do n't think I will choose to go there again .
Despite the place being ridiculously busy , our server did n't rush us at all .
And I heard a customer complained about finding a fly inside their dish so that 's kind of disappointing for me .
In fact , I would have to say I had the best lox bagel I 've ever eaten .
The food was delicious from salsa to sopapillas .
When I got home opened everything up and took pictures .
It was the perfect size for the 2 of us too .
I 'm truly sad and disappointed with this experience especially since the prices seem higher than the downtown location .
It 's one of my go to places for a quick bite .
The offerings were roasted vegetable quesadillas , popcorn shrimp and griddled beef sliders .
The ice cream I chose was the blueberry cheesecake in a waffle cone and it was absolutely amazing !
One of my favorite places to eat in Tennessee .
I had the veggie burrito it was plentiful and tasty .
I was unsure about the food since it was different from my usual fare but wow , we will be back .
Inside was a very nice flat screen TV , which I have never seen in any Wendy 's before .
The rest of the appetizers were ok : the blue cheese chips , calamari , & meat / cheese platter .
Finally had the chance to stop by Bab Cafe ... what took us so long !
The tuna was mushy and the color was too dark , like it had been sitting out at room temperature all day .
After being told this place branched off from California , I was disappointed .
The onion rings were great .
Courses 6 & 7 : Dessert- I 'm assuming the tea , fruit and pastries count as the sixth and seventh courses .
The food was amazing , the decorations so beautiful , and the photo booth so much fun !
The first question was " soup or salad " .
I asked her to tell the manager to turn the air on to make it comfortable for the customers .
The salmon was cooked perfectly and the salad with pears , candied pecans and a pear vinaigrette was wonderful .
Sometimes when I come in it is only the friendly staff members and it is really a great experience .
They said the wait time was an hour and 15 min but it only took us 45 - 50 min which was awesome .
A personal favorite , shishito peppers , are yummy to eat as well .
The whole point of getting food and coffee at wawa in the morning it 's because it 's FASTER .
On top of that , there was crazy feedback on the music and you could n't even hear the singing .
Holy bat crap , this place is amazing .
The food was delish and filling .
Initially I must say I noticed all the hanging plants all around the interior , which made it quite unusual from other places .
It came part of a 3 course dinner for 20 bucks .
The poached eggs were good but the toast they were sitting on was excellent .
He really knew the dishes and gave accurate descriptions and recommendations based on what we mentioned liking .
Along with the tapas , we ordered a traditional Greek salad , which ended up being the lone clunker , surprisingly .
We also had Turkish coffee and ice cream after dinner that was a nice end to a enjoyable dinner .
This was a delightful and the most welcoming dinning experience .
It 's a quaint place and the service was excellent .
We eventually gave up after being there for 3 hours without all of the rolls .
When I asked to speak with a manager , I was told " Well , what did you want ? "
Literally the best meal I have ever eaten .
There were many wow moments including the lighted menus .
It 's kind of a trendy chic type place .
There was no wait and after reading other reviews about the crowds , the stars must have aligned for us .
Our server Melissa was really sweet too !
My husband 's flat bread was good and I enjoyed my chicken picatta .
We went at lunch time and was able to get a soup and salad for 8.95 .
The last trip we made however was a disappointment .
It 's the perfect combination of spicy , sweet , savory , salty , crunchy , and creamy .
We both had the miso soup this time and it was very good !
I decided to give it a try .... WRONG MOVE .
Ask them about the name of the place .
The background music was loud and then when the band started to play we could not even talk to each other anymore .
Our bill was $ 50 for 4 small mimosas , an egg & cheese bagel , and an omlet !
For my party of 8 our order was taken , food was served , and checks were brought in a surprisingly timely manner .
We were seated quickly and ordered right away since the stuffed pizzas take 40 minutes .
They did renovations and it looks so much better inside and upstairs .
I had the curry tofu wrap and it was delicious .
I ordered " agedashi tofu , " not " agedashi tofu soup . "
It was a get together and we had 24 people in our party .
No , we said tumbler and if you had n't been snotty and turning your back to us , you would have gotten it right .
It seemed like the cheese and fries were also soaked in grease , but that might be a bit hopeful .
The line was short and it was only a 20 minute wait .
The meat sticks , which were my number one menu item to order , were not available :-( I will definitely return to this place !
The only downside was the service ..
Chickie 's crab fries were one of the first foods I was introduced to upon moving to Philly and it pretty much changed my life .
There 's a whole parking lot in the back though , and the inside is bigger than it looks .
( 2 vegetarians , 2 who loved seafood , all of us who love tequila etc . ) .
The staff and help are incredibly friendly .
i said yes i do and i do not appreciate the attitude because i have been waiting over 20 minutes because you were late to work .
The pastries are yummy and moist .
I was literally obsessed with this place when I lived in Aston .
Walking to the car , there were a number of people that would have happily taken out leftovers if we did n't want them .
The views outback are very nice .
the inside of the restaurant is at least eighty - percent empty .
I honestly opened each leg by tearing the shell like paper .
My only gripe is that I feel that the food is slapped quickly together ; which I get is a busy place but my most recent exp .
Went here today and it was terrible .
The salads were at best ok .
The tables are dirty and we waited for 15 mins for someone to clean off the table after my Husband wiped it down himself .
The tacos are served in a taco holder which makes it easier to pick up and relish every bite !
We did n't make a reservation so we ended up waiting for a table for about 15 minutes .
I do n't remember seeing offal or brains , but along those lines for sure .
The prime rib and meat was great .
The staff was super nice and hospitable .
You could smell the well - seasoned beef and the onions and peppers from the car .
All in all , great spot !
I had the curried goat as my entree , which was excellent .
Then did n't take sent back dish off check .
It 's cray cray why there are so many bad reviews on here .
When I placed my order , it was written down , however , three things did n't come at all .
Our meals were huge !
... i.e , that chicken 's going to taste awfully fishy .
All seating is first come first served & they do not take reservations .
The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable .
I have never experienced anything like it , mind you we were not even there for an hour when this occurred .
Lastly , little old me :) I just had the queso and chips .
Just had a delightful breakfast .
Love that it 's in an old house with creaks in the floor and all .
I do nt know what they put in there but its creamy and amazing .
Had a relaxing and fun night at the restaurant :)
A friend recommended it and husband had had lunch here a few times but this was not a great experience .
This is a great place to stop for lunch or dinner in a very casual , but friendly atmosphere .
We ordered 3 - there were 5 of us at the table - and one came with chocolate shavings , while 2 did not .
My sister and cousins got the breakfast bomb and latkes , and the Benedict .
The owner the food ... If you do not come here you are missing out ! !
Nobody in our party was impressed with it .
The execution was just not complete ...
This restaurant is so amazing ! !
Before we finish our sentences he quickly assures us that he will wrap them up so that we have something to take home .
A little much for me .. but he was a happy camper !
Being a picky eater myself , I ordered a salad and asked for a few additions which I received with no extra charge .
The staff is incredibly friendly , attentive .
Okay , we all have bad days and this was n't the first time experiencing this there so I blew it off .
This was definitely not your usual ( awful ) diner coffee .
The chicken was so tender and flavorful and all the toppings joined together in the perfect compliment to the meat .
We ordered the pretzels sticks , chicken bites , yard bird sandwich and lamb burger .
My wife and I love the delight Herb Chicken Mediterranean deLITE ® ... wow !
Probably my least favorite thing I did in New Orleans .
It reminded me of some places I 've been out west , which might be a little strange in the heart of Philadelphia .
A few minutes later another server brought them .
It 's a shame a place calling itself " Burger Lane " falls short on the burger .
We are non smokers and have gone out to clubs which had smoking and could tolerate it more than this place !
It 's a very classy place yet a lot of people seemed to be dressed casually .
Our server was awesome .
The brussel sprouts were so savory , we ordered two helpings .
Did you drink the nasty water that was filled right from the counters faucet in front of you ?
We , a three - some , went on the recommendation of an acquaintance .
Finally , the crab cakes were pretty good .
Although we did n't try dessert , the display was beautiful .
The omelettes are great , I did n't try anything sweet so ca n't say how were the pancakes or French toasts .
It could be due to the fact that this is the only one ( that I know of ) in the Santa Barbara area ...
The burger was awesome and I 'm very happy that I only ate half .
Their fried eggs and sausage patties were both enjoyable as well .
He introduced himself and answered any and all questions I had about his menu .
The food is nothing short of spectacular .
The baklava was the best too ! !
My friend and I both , almost simultaneously , mentioned how small the serving size was for the price .
When we received our check , she threw / slammed the pen on the table .
An option for a side was fresh veggies which was greatly appreciated .
very nice to sit on the patio in the afternoon , too !
I love sitting outside and watching the Montecito locals .
My sandwich was incredible .
Being from Dallas , one of the big voids I felt here in St.
I 'm really happy to have found this place !
The ambiance is very casual and nothing exceptional .
I finished up at the Frist just short of a hypoglycemic coma so I popped into the cafe and wow , what a great surprise !
I m all about the free food .
All in all , a good experience .
What a completely sublime experience that did not , I repeat , did not break the bank .
The server was great , the food was great ! !
The hamburger one was OK and so was the chicken .
I have a latte had ask them the make it in a large cup with an extra bit of steamed milk it was very good .
She agreed and stated someone else must 've gotten the rare one that I ordered .
That 's the only major drawback I saw .
I thought the rolls were all fine ( Mariner , Rose # 1 , San Francisco ) , but nothing like " aw damn ! "
Veggies were all crisp and fresh and the feta was perfect .
They keep the place so dark so you ca n't tell how bad the food looks .
We 're still like , " Remember that time we went to Absolutli Goosed and drank a bunch of really , really ridiculous cocktails ?
Today I have to say it was by far the worst service and Mimosa I ever had ..
the wait time for our food was ridiculous .
The veggie kabob had grilled zucchini , portobello mushrooms , peppers and onions , all arranged on two wooden skewers .
This was also the perfect location on Bourbon street .
Also trash scattered around the parking lot .
The person on the phone did n't seem to understand " we 've been waiting over an hour .
Every time I have dropped in to this location people have been squeezed to the door .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but overall ambiance is cozy .
The Kamikaze roll was really , really good and we enjoyed our Hibachi meals as well .
My wife 's steak taco was very tasty .
Last week , we stopped down at a new place on the south side of St Pete for dinner , Berlins Doener .
The wings are amazing .
Shrimp and grits was very good .
It was n't cheap , but it was worth the price .
The food was very tasty seasoned well and presentation was down hone style but appealing to the eyes .
i ordered the prime rib which was great , but the wedge salad was my favorite part of the meal .
The employees working all had a smile on their faces and were pleasant to interact with .
I had a Groupon coupon , and it was well worth the money .
After promising to make it up to the server and tip well , we were given a pager .
Overall , service was impeccable & if we went back I would definitely ask for Jenna .
Seems like a family business , or at least I hope it is because a few of the waitstaff are downright rude .
I was on the 3rd floor and could n't hear my neighbors through the wall at all .
We go to Mellow Mushroom about 3x / month and this place has the best pizza in the bay ... hands down !
It was probably frozen as it is one of the pricier items on the menu and most likely not ordered very often .
Needless to say , I did my business in a hurry all the while praying that no one else would come in .
5 stars purely because of how much I loved their cheese selection and appreciated the staff 's knowledge of each cheese .
All in all , it 's a nice place with good food and attentive service .
The nigiri are beautiful .
The beef was thin and fibrous , almost like jerky .
We had two very attentive servers .
My friend was n't in the mood for wine so we just ordered entrees .
This is the first time I tried this place and I was really impressed , the food was very tasty ... I would n't say authentic .
This is our go - to breakfast spot when we 're back in town .
Go in and check it out , by far my favorite pizza place on the ave.-so unique .
She did n't write down anyone 's order and got it all right .
Thank you so much for making our outing so enjoyable !
The site of the mushroom heads was about 2 " across and each mushroom had been cut in half before they were deep fried .
Our app came out quickly and was a shareable size .
Pretty standard stuff , whether at a Applebee 's or the French Laundry .
We dined with a party of 8 and everyone could not stop raving about the food !
My friends and I just call this " Fancy Schnucks . "
So glad we found this place on Yelp .
The kefta was super moist , the hummus was A1 and their fries were seasoned to the max .
Not a morsel was left .
Everything was so tasty , I thought about going back the next day !
Our food eventually arrived after another long wait .
TOTALLY AMAZING .
Our appetizer , Margherita Pizza , arrived in 20 min ( a bit of a wait , but we understood they were busy ) and was delicious .
perfect place .
The menu is very condense , the atmosphere is very loud and noisy .
The waiters failed to tell us this before we ordered .
Broussard 's was pretty good when I went there a few weeks ago .
To top it off , get back in the car and they had screwed up the order and had to go back inside .
Thanks for such a pleasant experience .
We walked in and were seated right away , no waiting .
we went on a weeknight with a bottle of wine thinking ' oh yeah , we 'll just pop the cork and have a relaxing meal ' ..
From customer service to expectations all around ( particularly in the dining category ) , disappointing and worse- overpriced !
Of the several choices at the Carving Station , I chose the roast beef .
Even with all the tables being full there were seats at the bar so we did n't have to wait at all .
Overall the staff was hit and miss .
I ordered the power bowl muesli .
Really enjoyed the seafood dinner buffet .
I had never tried Korean food before , so it was quite an experience and a fun change of pace .
On a side note , toward the end of our dinner vetri came in and was talking to the various chefs and employees .
The way it looked on the table next to me had me wishing there was room left in my stomach .
My on the other hand , takes much to impress me .. the decor , Hmmm ?
Everyone was super happy with their food .
We had the guacamole appetizer and it was so fresh and delicious .
We ordered the crab and artichoke dip as an appetizer , and I had the fried shrimp platter .
Penca is a small restaurant and I knew we would not be able to walk in and get a table , hence the reservation .
The white and red sangria were both excellent as well .
We also split a cinnamon roll that was very good .
The portion size was nice , as well .
I have driven by this place many times and today I stopped .
The reviews are true .
We had a large party of 15 , with all but the birthday girl present within 15 minutes .
The staff was extremely friendly , the atmosphere was bright and classy , and the food was delicious .
Its better to get this to go and eat in your car unless you have a table already since seating can be hard to come by .
My favorite place in Philly !
Second stop for Center City Restaurant Week : R2L , dinner for $ 35 each .
Oooo my goodness .... this place the best little BBQ joint in Sumner County ! ! !
I had to flag him down to tell him my ravioli 's were terrible .
The guy taking my order was rude and not helpful .
I do n't understand why people are calling this a great place to get wings anything else in Tucson is better .
Thank you Ben , and the whole Spiro 's crew , for a great time to compliment a rare night off !
Mexicans and Texans might disagree , but who the hell cares ?
Always a good option when out w friends for a bite on a budget
When I got to my car , i realized that the burrito was just slightly warmer than room temp .
The Hollister of fast casual restaurants .
Other than a long wait , it was a great experience .
I was not expecting that at all , but I really enjoyed making my own rolls !
Store is clean and staff are amazingly friendly and attentive .
they came with only a little bit of meat in two taco shells and tasted unseasoned .
Our waitress was very nice and wished her a happy birthday once she saw the Happy Birthday balloon .
So naturally , I was upset to read that the service and food were not up to other peoples ' standards .
There was no one in there , and it is tiny and not to fancy .
i went here for south street 's " restaurant week " ( 3 courses , 30 $ ) last weekend and it was amazing .
The pizza came out very hot and the quality of the toppings were very good .
You accross the street from Major Hotels .
The server was nice , but the food came out very quickly , which is not a good sign .
The croissants were okay ( too dense for my taste ) .
Very disappointed because I had heard good things about the place but I could n't even get a drink .
I noticed all the Afro - American bus boys .. and I said " Hmm " .
I visited the shop on 5/19/18 , and this will be my last visit .
We ordered the guacamole which was very basic and unimpressive .
The Chef / owner even came out to my table after the meal to ensure we had a great experience here .
Weather was gorgeous that night but it was a half hour wait to sit outside when we got there at 7:15ish .
What an excellent find .
My mother had the lobster roll which was apparently delicious , though ridiculously overpriced at $ 20 .
Wait staff hung out by the counter a lot to talk , but seemed friendly when they approached our table .
the iced tea was also really good , slightly fruity , and the prices were very reasonable .
The decor was modern and clean .
The pizza is just a little expensive , but down right tasty .
Sad such an awesome view and location is being run down .
Turns out , they had a room available , and I was able to get right in around 6 am .
Came here for lunch- they were busy but very friendly and hospitable .
And the fried green tomatoes were delicious as well !
Instead we ordered glasses of Cava and a few cheeses ...
A friend & I went here when Spice Nation was unexpectedly closed on a Tuesday a few weeks ago .
It was taken off of our bill without me asking although they prepared it properly , it simply was n't to my taste .
The Greek salad and chicken gyro was awesome .
The posole was better than my dads ( do n't tell him ! ) .
We went on a Wednesday night and the store was adaquately packed .
I will usually give her food before we go and have her snack on the chips when we sit in .
Our only complaint was how long it took to prepare our order .
There was plenty of seating which was great .
There was a mistake in the kitchen and our pizza did n't get put in right away .
Livery is awesome - exactly what Indy needed ! ! !
It 's a fun experience , worth coming back .
The pork egg foo young was absolutely delicious .
The food was not bad .
In actuality our waiter Daniel was the saving grace from this restaurant visit .
Her calamari was surprisingly tough and chewy which kinda ruined things .
Mine was so sugary , I could feel the headache I 'd have the next morning .
Personally , I think I pay good money for this , so it bothered me .
Our server was very pleasant and fast .
Out of the 3 categories we rate gastro pubs this one failed all 3 .
When my order arrived the coleslaw was missing , the middle piece of bread was in it , not big deal I can take that out .
I could n't wait to try it when I heard all the hype and I can definitely say it is worth every bite !
Came here for lunch and it was a little awkward from an overall experience level .
Tasted pretty bland to me , since the hummus was n't really standing out , and the onions were few and far in between .
Nearly everything has just gone downhill in this establishment , as expected .
Again , I was the only one who they were waiting on because it was a Sunday morning .
We went to watch the game , play a lil pool , enjoy the atmosphere , & snack on some food !
We thought we were going in for just coffee and left with our bellies pleasantly full :) and a to go box ! ! !
It was a pretty good burger , mostly because of the pb&j .
The next best thing to Prince 's on the south side of Nashville .
As soon as I saw the flier I grabbed my room key and went looking for this person .
Food all over the window in front of where you order , food all over the floor , and food on almost every single table .
And the only reason we had fries in the first place was Crystal .
I sat in awe at the lunch rush and thought " this place is perfection "
Actually , the Capillini was actually a little better than that - worth a return trip , I 'd say .
Just keep a look out and listen for the orders .
I typically have to go track one down to take order ... annoying .
The food was pretty good .
Most of the entrees were seafood based , but there was also some chicken and beef dishes .
And OMG we where floored , the restaurant had great traditional ambiance and the service was top knotch .
Margarita pizza was pretty good .
She got the fish tacos and I got the shrimp , both were super tasty .
I think I ruined someone 's day and I 'm feeling chagrinned .
When I asked if I could instead have a nickel and four pennies , she just looked at me and said " no . "
Best chicken and tri tip .
The service is horrible ! !
Chef David made some amazing creations .
Loved the experience !
The customer service was horrible .
The chef got in a fight with a patron and we waited 45 min and still did n't get food .
My daughter and I shared a salad , entree , and Special grits .
The drinks and food came quickly .
Then the food - just fantastic .
I proceeded to explain my case .
She also messed up dividing our appetizer between the three checks .
Our Greek friends took us and we let them do all of the ordering for the table .
It was served hot , but with average taste .
She was surprised when he said 4 , but she seemed to be happy with his choice .
The the only thing I could taste in the eggplant balls were the breadcrumbs , and the pomodoro sauce was very watery .
I tried the ricotta and chocolate chips one and I ca n't even describe how heavenly it was .
Looking forward to a great place - kinda dissappointed !
its very crowded and frequently had other servers and customers bumping into our chairs .
I said , I ca n't do this long line , let me show you a spot I found !
We stopped in for a few drinks and a plate to share and were happy with everything , especially the tacos and margaritas .
My husband and I stopped here for lunch .
The food is awesome :)
Oh , and the key thing to say , they were friendly , the food was fresh and service was impeccable .
Technically , you are n't wrong , but when I say sausage , I do n't mean hot dog .
Now the wait was out of this world(85 min ) but it was SO worth it .
They have a small back deck which is a good place on a nice day .
The first time I went to this place was yesterday ! !
She came back to the table a few minutes later and picked up the $ 54 check , leaving another in its place .
Probably because they were n't actually deep dish pizzas .
But the plates I saw coming from the kitchen look pretty good .
Food literally came out before I could sit down , hot , fresh , incredible presentation and taste ! !
My wife loves the feta cheese rolls and all the salads , especially the walnut salad are fresh and tasty .
The food was very gross and the service was just as bad .
In fact my coworker had to ask how much her meal was .
The fish was crispy yet juicy and they put alot of fish on the hoagie .
Every trip I make to Las Vegas , NV , I make it a point to eat there multiple times .
I love Panchero's ... great lunch spot , not too crowded .
Beth T and companion are sitting around doing nothing .
The service seemed pretty rushed .
It was easy to get to , just take US-395 Northbound and take the N McCarran exit after passing I-80 .
I noticed some reviews mention there was not a wait .
I got the crawfish pie and half an oyster po ' boy .
Best BBQ in Tampa hands down ! !
It defiantly left a bad taste in my mouth after such a good experience there .
Tucked away , it may be easy to miss this location if you 're not super sure where you 're going .
I thought this place was great .
It did n't taste like the patty was seasoned at all nor the guac , which was odd .
Next , we had the burger which was probably the best I 've had in St.
We figured out that they must 've charged us like 8 $ for a big order of super plain chow mein !
The muscles were great taste and very fresh , the lamb was amazing great variety of cuts and very well cooked ! ! !
We eat out alot and had heard extremely good things about Porcini .
Except for the cold cinnamon roll all the food was very good and wait staff polite .
The veggies were onions , sweet & bell peppers , broccoli and mushrooms .
It has become our absolute favorite breakfast spot , we even occasionally meet up with friends and family here .
The food was good however really small and expensive .
It has been over 45 minutes and counting since we walking into this place and no food .
It 's dimly lit but does n't feel like a dive ...
Next we split up a chicken ala vodka pizza .
On one occasion it was truly terrible .
So I would say it 's a nice quiet atmosphere on the inside .
this location had great customer service and the food is siesta on point !
This is the worst restaurant I ever been 2 .
Although a bit creamier in texture than I 'm used to , it was still very delicious .
very slow service , our food came one by one Within 10 to 15 minutes of each other .
It was seasoned just enough , but you can still taste the freshness of the crawfish and it was super sweet and juicy .
Everything was perfectly priced and the woman serving my friends and I was very funny .
We eat very healthy and appreciate the nice selection of healthy items .
Parking lot is odd , and deceivingly not that big honestly .
The chicken escarole soup was excellent .
The hunnybunny 's place is near - by , enough so that we 've eaten in and picked up pie for transport home .
We drank wine and had a few appetizers ; the meat & cheese tray and prosciutto .
It 's a small shop that blends into the surrounding neighborhood .
So I said ' okay well then we 'll just be getting some drinks . '
I am an out going person and tried to make small chit chat with them but they were n't having any of it .
None of the food at the table disappointed !
I preferred my husband 's halibut over my tuna .
( Mac n cheese being the exception - that was damn good ) .
Seating was n't bad either .
The food is really good ! !
I also liked my jambalaya pasta as well , it was tasty , but nothing special about it .
The Yuca Frita ( Yucca Fries ) were cut thick , and fried crispy on the outside while remaining soft inside .
The egg breakfast was good too !
I used to enjoy this place when it was Steve 's now that it is Terraza it is even a little bit better .
We just had the Mother 's Day dinner buffet and every item on the buffet line was great .
Our friends gush over Americano every time .
not bad for how good the taste was ! !
I had their Italian sub and while I would n't say it was the best I 've ever had - it is a close 2nd .
I do n't see any reason to go back here .
the salad only consisted of mixed greens , with a few cherry tomatoes tossed with a vinaigrette - very boring .
The atmosphere was pleasant but not fancy or sexy .
Beautiful views on the drive up too !
My go - to pizza joint in the neighborhood .
Everything was reasonably priced for the portions and very delicious .
Service was on point , they made sure we had our food in a timely manner and food is fresh .
We arrived around 7 pm on Wednesday and were seated immediately at a unique table with a coffee table for food .
We ate here the last morning of our trip and it was the perfect ending .
when she did come back we ordered the highly recommended avocado fries and wine ...
I have to remind myself to avoid molluscs in New Orleans , they really do not agree with me .
It was easy to say service was amazing .
The calamari was fresh and tender and flavorful along with the pasta .
Still exactly how i remember it , and that 's a good thing .
The donuts were fluffy and delicious , and came in all sorts of fun flavors .
It was a slower burn vs a bam in your face knock your socks off as soon as you take a bite burn .
We had long ago decided not to return to the Avon location after three disappointing visits .
Each time we eat here it is delicious and the staff are so friendly .
I 'm glad she found the pork because when you looked through it you could see the one slice of salami underneath .
We had the el jaffe , banana short stack , and breakfast enchiladas .
The best part ?
My wife and I just moved to town and where saddened to have to move away from our local beloved Mexican restaurant .
The Kitchen Sink salad was completely drenched in dressing and the chicken on top seemed canned or frozen .
The staff was amazing .
The bartenders were friendly and accommodating and there was a relaxed , congenial vibe to the place .
I had the wedge salad and also the filet .
What a great restaurant ...
Out of the 3 baristas working here , two were really friendly , and one seemed a bit pissed to be here , not sure why .
He used to prepare this himself and was surprised at how fresh and tender the mussels were .
The worst meal I ever had .
And crepes awwsome , really good you wo nt be disappoonted
When I asked our bartender if this was the right portion , she just said " yep " and walked away .
I also had a cup of Crab Bisque & it was wonderful .
On Friday , 1/29/16 , my wife and I stopped by Sam 's Brick Oven Pizza for a drink and pizza .
At the end of the meal we were given a tiny spoonful of the gelato , I was given sweet cream , my husband hazelnut .
Then no rice they do n't have it anymore and they just did n't bother to tell me ! !
I ate at Cafe de Manila last night with a friend and had an absolutely delightful meal with very good friendly service .
The staff was very attentive and fancy , which was nice for lunch .
It was warm and fragrant and with all the condements they bring on the side , easy to customize .
I only eaten inside the restaurant once and thought it was good .
Soooo we stumbled across this spot due to a recommendation by a local at a strip club .
Since I just do n't like wasabi and am not allergic , I just ate it .
Reminded me of the chorizo burritos I make at home , but they also had beans and avocado ... it was the deluxe version of mine .
The chicken cacciatore was not good .
We were here in Philly for the night and decided to go here on a whim .
I am really liked the sound of the waterfall .
I just want to say that the meal that my husband and two friends had last night was absolutely amazing .
It was freaky though to wake up in pitch black .
What a delightful find !
Beware of Senior Mondays ( every 3rd Monday of the month ) and weekends at lunchtime- it 's usually busiest at 1130 - noon .
I ate at Puckett 's yesterday for lunch , and I have to say it was some mighty tasty food for an old - fashioned meat - and - three .
The location was really horrible and it is street parking which is awful .
Each time I go in there the rolls are different .
But the servers were all working quickly and never forgot anything we ordered special .
Food was extremely tasty .
We both had dim sum , mine only mildly spicy and his quite spicy , and both enjoyed our dishes .
The worst service I have ever received .
It was just perfect this time !
Not my first time there tonight but absolutely my last .
As far as the entree , it was ok .
We went for dinner ( so no buffet ) .
I ordered the tacos , pappas and carnitas ... both were very good along with the rice and black beans .
We sat at the bar and sampled some cocktails .
While the Brunchies in Tampa is an amazing place , this was a horrible experience .
The majority of the workers seem utterly uninterested in helping out .
Over the course of 30 minutes I watched her smile and greet everyone that sat at the surrounding booths , but not me .
Excellent happy hour .
Not once did the server apologize , so when the check came I paid and asked to speak to a manager .
Part is my fault going on Friday in Lent when there 's only one fish choice on the menu .
The shrimp was crunchy and not overcooked ( phew ) .
My wife got the burrito and it was huge and was presented very well !
It was difficult to read the menu .
I took a bite ...
I have to say that there was little need to put sauce on it ...
great service .... no negativity !
Con 's : Valet parking was disorganized , the card game tables had high minimums , and the dealers were not that friendly .
She brought me back my Farfalle sauce and let 's just say it was n't Farfalle more like Alfredo sauce .
That was a good call .
the food was pretty damn good .
They do n't greet customers , no niceties ( thanks , you 're welcome , have a nice day ) , and they are very slooooow to do anything .
Molly was a great server , super friendly and attentive .
The waitress took our order and disappeared until she came back with our food .
most disgusting fast food I 've ever experienced , crazy that this was the absolute worst .
Upon entry , I was impressed by the decor , technology and general ambiance of the bowling alley .
This was a few minutes walk from the Peppermill too .
We just had an outstanding meal .
Really enjoyed the food and atmosphere on my recent visit to Indiana .
Thank you so much again Carol , for making it a perfect day .
The pizza was no better than Pizza Hut .
It 's a short walk from the Greyhound station and expecting not much .
When I tell you the food and service was THEE BEST ! ! !
Overall not a fan ... there 's much better places out there to spend your money .
The place was clean .
The whiskey king looked awesome and was tasty .
We decided to come here when we could n't get a table at Pancake Pantry .
We 're not picky eaters ; we eat anything and everything .
The place was clean and employees looked like they enjoyed being there .
From there we ordered a trio of tacos and a couple of enchiladas .
The veggies were fresh and crispy , and I loved the generous spread of pate .
To make matters worse , when I received these appetizers , they were cold ..
The pizza was good , though a little overpriced in my opinion .
We 're not from New Orleans but we will drive the three hours from where we live just to come again ! ! !
We had a group of eleven and were told , that they would only honor two glasses of free wine " per table . "
I absolutely loved the Tucson rolls .
I CANT STOP DAYDREAMING ABOUT THE FOOD .
Caruso 's is exactly the opposite , the portions are good and delicious , the ambiance is amazing and the prices are fantastic .
It 's a regular weekend brunch destination for our group of friends and we always enjoy our time here .
I ordered the trio and of the three the gumbo was the only really enjoyable item .
The guy on the phone says " we do n't have Swiss " ( despite it being an option on the online order form ) .
As for the decor , someone mentioned it scary the kids ...
The people i was with , who do like Greek food , were gushing about the excellent hummus and Greek salad ...
Well I had read many of these reviews before and had not visited this restaurant even though I live close by .
The dishes were a bit over sauced but the Miso Soup hit the spot perfectly ! ! !
Once I finally had a chance to eat the burrito , it was n't good .
The food and drinks were to die for , but they were extremely overpriced .
The foods was excellent .
Hubby had the special Salumente Picante pizza slice and it was tasty .
We were very disappointed that we could not enjoy ourselves for all the smoke .
We went to The Depot last Saturday around 8:30 pm and most of the crowd was outside .
Downside : It 's only open ' till 2 pm .
Our waitress was horrible .
It 's definitely a carry out place , but it 's well worth the wait .
Ordered the Punjabi after being told " there 's really no way to describe it " , but it was amazing !
I ca n't speak enough about the service .
Chose the asparagus .
Just watched the final of the World Cup here .
The piece of chicken breast was so small it was ridiculous .
- A lot of the reviews remark that the dishes are very spicy .
It 's a shame because I was craving some Korean food .
Well I heard this is where the locals go and every year they have this great block party .
Muriel 's had excellant service ( thanks to Rebecca ) and very good and tasty food .
The waiter however was very sweet and helpful .
The mole sauce was bland too .
I shake my head in disappointment because I know your potential and cherish what we once had .
All in all the experience was very good .
The BBQ shrimp were wonderful .
As mentioned the atmosphere of the place was great .
Initially we sat upstairs outside in the lounge seating .
Tucked away in a strip mall , we pull in and I start ragging him about " good places to eat " , ...
Now mind you , it was before noon , not five minutes before they closed .
Quite often when I go to some restaurants in places like St.
When he returned we were more than ready and began to order only to be advised that the BBQ grills at our table did n't work . !
We were seated quickly , service was prompt .
We liked the corn nuggets and chilli .
Then we had Taste of the Baypu , little of everything .... so delicious and fresh !
I do n't mind driving there in the future though because the food was that good !
And the fact that I had to pay as I left was bewildering .
My husband ordered the pork pastor and I ordered the cheese empanadas .
Definitely the worst place I 've had the pleasure of visiting .
We give Mardi Gras School of Cooking our highest endorsement and recommendation .
Just your typical place where all the clubs get there " free food offered " from haha
While walking out , we were stopped and asked for $ 2 difference .
Overall , a sweet night out .
My sister asked me if I was hungry at 10 PM and we were sitting in Grand Isle around 1030 .
Upon arrival , we were seated immediately at a table in between two large parties with lots of children .
We asked and were told one thing but ended up having to do something else .
We were each served a complementary small Yogurt drink .
I 'm glad I took the chance , I know you ca n't please everybody and some people are just unbelievable with their expectations .
We tried this place for the first time last night .
It was raining so we picked a restaurant quickly .
The only downside is that they are only open on Saturdays from 11 - 7 .
The bread was n't the traditional panini - style , but a French baguette ... it was still great and had a little crispness to it .
The lady and young man behind the counter were friendly .
The flavors totally worked and it was obvious the ingredients were all high quality .
There 's nothing great or bad about this place .
After we placed our order , it took a long time ( at least 1/2 hour or more ) to get our food .
I had the Gulf Fish Meuniere and it was really good - soft , flavorful and flaky fish .
Also , the spinach was amazing .
The waiter came back to tell us they were out of the prime rib .
Hashbrown caserole is one of the most disgusting things I 've tasted .
The bartender was extremely attentive , kind and had wonderful words of wisdom about pairings and suggested dishes .
The only heartbreak of the evening is that we discovered the Chef and his lovely proprietor wife lived in San Francisco .
And great service .
They had various drink concoctions they put together that seemed very interesting !
The waitress was pleasant , but the owner ? ?
of course I do look like I 'm 15 so what can ya expect ? !
A McDonald 's seems so out of place here amogst the shi - shi shops on Walnut Street .
Just the location is n't anywhere scenic , but it 's part of the tradeoff .
Since she has been to Germany many times she said this is authentic and absolutely delicious .
The eggplant was tough to eat and the tomato used was meh .
They called and cancelled the same day due to a family emergency ( which I totally understand ! ) .
We both got the vegetable ragout and it was delicious .
Only quibble , and I know they get this all the time : Why no credit cards ?
The food was excellent and surprisingly inexpensive compared to a few other places around .
We showed up at 6:15 with no reservation and walked right in .
I also got the bacon , which came out in thick fat slices .
So I asked around and got a couple of recommendations from locals and was not disappointed .
It 's a little on the pricey side , so we do n't get to go as often as we like but overall we love this place ! !
However as we sat at our booth waiting for food , the noise level became offputting .
I got the deviled eggs for the first time and holy crap they were amazing .
A week or so later we got an apology letter and a $ 20 gift card .
This place did n't have it but I know they decorated their plates nicely so that 's not bad either !
The yelloweye was cooked to perfection .
We just moved out of U city and that is definitely the main thing I miss about living there .
The bartender did n't think I 'd like the stuff but I did ... it 's made with passion fruit , of course I like it !
I emailed them and after 5 days have still received no response .
It does n't matter if I go through the drive up or go in - there is usually a line !
Our two servers , whose names I forgot unfortunately were astounding .
The deck was beautiful and had a great view .
They are pretty laid back and you can sit either inside or outside by their porch , which sometimes can be super crowded .
The chicken was grilled perfectly .
We did go to the bar for drinks due to her absence , and the bar service was pleasant but slow .
All the waffles were homemade and unbelievably delicious .
The tomato soup was great .
A bit overpriced .
We did n't order any alcohol but they do have their liquor license now .
Ask for Ivana to take care of you .
Once we got drinks we placed appetizer and food order .
I really wanted some authentic New Orleans style food ( yes ...
AVOID AVOID AVOID
So , was it the absolute worst food I 've ever had ?
Sadly , we left the restaurant and chose a different nearby restaurant for lunch .
We chose to sit in the bar , which has a relaxed atmosphere .
My companion said they used to have sweet potato fries so he was really disappointed since that 's why we came .
And the wife says " They 're opening a Pita Jungle down the road " .
We had a fantastic time at this restaurant .
The beer selection was amazing .
Let 's just get it out of the way , the tacos are pretty legit .
The Almond Chicken was eh ok but the rice served with it was cold .
Unless its Carnival season , and I 'm hungry , and those damned parades make getting anywhere a pain in the neck .
Everyone in our group had a great time and I did n't hear one complaint about the food or service .
This by far is the best service we 've experienced from our travels in the Northeast ! !
The deep fried corn shell was perfectly well done .
Such a great experience .
The best of it all was for sure the Halibut with lentils , the fish was cooked very well and the lentils added a great flavor .
they let us bring our dog , and opened the back patio for us ....
The best Indian flavor in the St.
They were pretty busy , yet another reason why we thought it was a great choice for dinner .
The meal was delivered to the table in a timely manner and staff was very friendly .
The staff was nice and very helpful .
I got shrimp , he got chicken and our buddy got pulled pork .
The gal at the counter was friendly and helpful .
My favorite menu items are the shrimp quesadillas , Caesar salad , and macaroni and cheese .
I came in , and although parking was small , it was easy to find a space .
I got a huge bowl for something like $ 12 , and it was absolutely delicious .
After all , our group had 8 people so it was understandable .
The sushi was fresh .
The chips included were homemade and were crispy and lightly salted .
Waited 45 minutes to be seated as we watched tables sit empty .
And the waitress was super - attentive and more than willing to offer recommendations .
I feel very fortunate to have such an incredible cafe right down the street .
The servers have on bow ties and jackets and the furnishings are sort of Great Gatsby like .
My friend and I ordered London Burgers and they were pretty damn good .
We had a group of 8 that had a reservation made well in advance .
She smiled , thanked me and said I 'll see you tomorrow and tomorrow she did along with the day after .
We actually ended up coming back later the same evening since we liked it so much .
I 've become a regular customer very quickly ... I love this place .
The only downside is the hit or miss service -- hey , sometimes it 's super crowded , but still !
Overall a great experience .
We had some sushi , tempura and seaweed salad .
At this point , another person there came out and said they had accidentlly given my order to someone else .
I have e joyed everything !
When the check came , we were charged the meal .
They are slightly off the beaten path so it 's understandable if you 've never spotted DG before .
I also sat at the bar and ordered ginger tea .
Also it 's a bit of mayhem when you have to wait in line to order and pay .
The shrimp was good .
The food , the wine and the service were all impeccable !
It was Sunday and they were BBQ tri - tips outside , so naturally we ordered those .
Another 10 minutes went by and our drink order was finally taken and we put in an app order as well .
If we did n't want to eat in front of the tank , we would have left after seeing the menu .
The red beans and rice were simple and flavorful .
That should have been my clue that it was going to be a sucky experience when the manager cosigns with a silly mistake .
4 stars just because of the huge , old - fashioned , comfy chairs we sat on ( and almost fell asleep in ) for 30 min .
Should have went with my first choice instead of here .
The table service was attentive and the drinks were responsibly priced and in some cases cheap .
I went there with a few friends for a quick bite , and they screwed up 4 out of 5 orders .
Instead we left feeling like we 'd had our pockets picked .
Coffee was amazing and I was particularly thankful they offer a cup to go when you 're finished ! ! !
This is a really interesting restaurant .
Dumplings were awesome ...
She had to walk by our table every time to communicate with the surrounding tables .
The brussel sprouts on the other hand were the best ones i 've ever tasted .
All of our food came out surprisingly fast .
Seating was super slow for a Friday night with tables open and 4 girls at the front desk looking confused .
All food arrived promptly and at once .
I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and had to pull out almost all of my chicken because it looked and tasted suspicious .
3 " fancy " rolls , 3 normal rolls , about 8 pieces of sashimi , and 2 beers was about $ 75ish with tip .
I ordered their version of a margarita and it was delicious .
Used to really like this place but had since gone downhill .
My BF had the chicken sandwich , which he enjoyed , and the soup of the day , which was literally too salty to eat .
We settled on Burger Up and boy am I glad .
Each shrimp , as a result , seemed better than the one just before it .
Last but not least , the cake tasted frost bitten .
One end was dry and chewy .
It is smoked to perfection like you wo n't believe .
Unfortunately , the person assigned to the omelet station had no idea how to cook AND she was sooooooo slow .
To put it as nicely as I can , everything about this meal and experience was sub par .
I was a little suspect of the location .
After the appetizer went in , the rest of the evening was gorgeous .
the heaters that heat up your face ( I hate those ) .
It took quite some time to receive it ( from another person ) .
The only plus was getting a free ( tasty ) lemonade because I checked in on FourSquare .
Tried the mixed satay , as well , which was exceptional-- the lamb and dipping sauce were both super flavorful .
I heard about this place by chance during a conversation involving Shakey 's Pizza of which I was a huge fan .
We frequented The Dish at the old address , had n't been there since the move .
Next clue should have been that the names of the food were in English with some having a Spanish translation underneath .
The first night of my stay , I met a coworker in the restaurant for a cocktail .
The ambiance , however , is a bit more ... raucous .
The restaurant smelled like a toilet .
I kept thinking I was eating a smoked briscuit sandwich it was so flavorful .
There is nothing precious or foodie or fancy about this place .
We ordered the choriqueso , and when it arrived , the waitress also brought a side of elote .
In fact , while not a place for a quiet meal , the ambiance was good and the overall experience top notch .
I ended up choosing the fajita salad and it was fine .
The food was great as well .
that the place was cold ( no heat ) and empty should have been a warning sign : do n't eat here .
The white cheese sauce ?
The location and the view are excellent !
Had a group of 8 eat at ECP .
When I order takeout , it 's from Superwok and Superwok only .
their chi latte was not impressive ..
The best part I have to say was the dessert .
J 's Seafood Dock was not busy , quick to take our order , and had plenty of seating .
This is the best place we have ever ordered sushi from .
I will eat there again as it is proximate to my hotel but it 's worth driving to eat there as well .
Slaw and potatoes were OK .
Other than that I did n't get to try much , the wings were ehhh nothing to rave about .
Our waitress was attentive and we always had enough coffee ( very important ) .
of the ones we tried , i 'd say the fish tacos were my favorite .
It was a religious experience involving food .
I do n't think she had any afterthought of how insanitary it is to serve food that falls on the floor .
I went back for the avocado the next day , but lo and behold , they change out their flavors daily .
I had an omelet , it was just ok .
Unfortunately we did n't receive good service nor did we get a chance to even order what we wanted .
We went here on the recommendation of some friends .
I had one bite and left the rest .
Her and the rest of the staff were a well oiled machine .
We had the Italian beef sandwiches and buffalo shrimp .
The salmon sushi plates were my favorite , and the popcorn shrimp was so good .
At about 6PM , my companion stated he did n't have a good feeling so we called the hotel .
The BBQ Shrimp and bread pudding was amazing .
We were vacationing in Florida , and someone recommended that we go to Tarpon Springs for a great Greek dinner .
We ordered three different shareable apps for the table and I honestly ca n't recall which three because they were gobbled up .
Food was excellent , service excellent , and the location is very convenient , right off 116th street .
No problem at all ... just grabbed a Victory Brew from the bar while we waited .
In the end , the only thing left in the bowl was the gnocchi .
I came to Philly to visit my sister and she brought us here on our second to last day .
We had the nachos appetizer - it was really good .
Smart me decided to check in on the way home about 15 miles up the road and , no can do comrade .....
I had the cheeseburger slider and the chicken slider and they were delicious .
We both ended up throwing them away on the way out .
I mean its ok for the price you pay .
After waiting for 15 minutes with absolutely no service we ended up walking out .
I felt like I was in jail .
It was n't fatty at all and I can tell it was a good cut of the filet .
The sauces tend to squirt out into your mouth as soon as you bite into it , which is no fun when it 's extremely hot !
Could nt believe how great every roll tasted .
The chips were fried fresh and the salsa was delicious .
I also ordered the Brussels sprouts & would n't do that again ( they were meh ) .
The service was great , it 's BYOB and I must warn you it 's tiny so reservations are a must .
Her noodles were very bland and whoever prepared them obviously does n't care about their food .
We had to wait about a 1/2 hour to be seated as this place was hopping .
It 's just in Delco , top pizzas are hard to find .
Chicken sandwich had soggy bun .
It was absolutely decadent , and I 'm not even a fan of pasta .
We had the crab cake , oysters and a shrimp poy boy .
I met family from out of town at Morning Call so we could catch up as I live out of state but grew up on the Westbank .
Everyone else got hamburgers and liked them .
For how many people were ordering to go , we received our order promptly .
I was n't raised in a Polish family , but friends who were say it 's also very authentic .
Not a single complaint there .
The fish were very tender and it came with some very yummy sweet potato fries .
Best chicken and biscuits I 've had .. words ca n't even describe !
We got the dumplings , lobster fried rice , Rick shrimp , Sindy roll , and fishtown roll .
We had crawfish , crab and my favorite was the roast beef po boy .
When you enter it is busy , warm and down to earth .
This place is absolutely delightful .
Even thou it 's new they need to get the seating situation under control , the quality of the food was good .
Came in here for dinner with the family but upon looking at the menu we decided to pay for our margaritas and dip .
Cheese grits , cream spinach , and gumbo were the highlights .
The people that work there are wonderful - friendly and helpful !
All in all , the food was mediocre and this place felt like a tourist trap , which I had n't been expecting .
I felt like this restaurant did many things right , and a couple of things wrong .
Nice little bar located at the very far end of Terminal E and Tampa International .
This was one of our more memorable experience , date night for hubby and I.
The dimmed lighting and wall to wall fish tanks are captivating .
We were happy to discover Luke thanks to the concierge at the Hilton that recommended it .
Absolutely perfect & one of our favorite places to stop for a Sunday splurge !
We really loved the views you can see from up there .
I came here for dinner a while back and when I left , the remains of a half - eaten okonomiyaki lay on the table .
Trio is going to be the place . Wow ....
I 'm not a breakfast person so I was n't very excited about going here but wow ! ! !
I am not from the area , but I do know good food when I have it and let me tell you , this was GOOD FOOD ! ! .
My issue is that it is so environmentally harmful .
The pomegranate margaritas are yummmmmyyy
And I was not given a refund .
Someone suggested we try this place and it 's quickly becoming a favorite !
Friend ordered House Salad , when it arrived it was spring mix , red onions , cucumbers .
I think she enjoyed the wrap , but the fries were mediocre .
We are not familiar with the area and were just looking for a place to have bkfst .
Waitress helped my wife take off her jacket as her hands were full with our baby , as I was tied up with the 3yr old .
Their strawberry lemonade is very good :) I usually get the porkies and they are ok ...
This place is kind of a diamond in the rough , very unassuming .
We went for lunch and the place was full of golfer 's which left only 1 table .
I went here for lunch the other day with a buddy of mine off my recomondation via yelp of course .... lol .
This was such a nice change from the other restaurants .
The best in town .
The decor was lovely and we enjoyed the aquarium video .
It seemed as though I was gnawing on my tire .
We went tonight & omg I know I do n't ever have to go back ...
I ordered the Vegan Pesto with cheese and my husband had the Thai Chicken Pizza .
So glad we decided to try Brunchies .
The nice woman told me " you do n't need it , do n't do that to yourself . "
We shared the prime rib sandwich , which fed us both easily .
I think that was the name of it anyway .
I kept eating but i had to throw my tie away , still well worth it ...
It 's a different story if they were the only show in town , but this is Main Street manayunk .
Heard people say the lunch was good , but I 'd wager that lunch in the French Quarter would be better ( 2 blocks away ) !
I ordered a chicken Caesar salad , and then followed in up with a coffee cake and a cup of joe .
Well , you 've stumbled on the right place .
Thai 5 was a really good experience .
Everything about the actual gyro was pretty good and I 've actually been to Greece and had a real gyro which was good too !
I had called at 630 tonight to see what time they were open until tonight due to the snow .
My friend yelled her name 3 times to get her to come back so we could ask for the check .
This was my first time at a Veitnamese restuarant and I will say that pho is a little bowl of heaven .
My wife and I went for Valentine 's Day .
Mushroom soup was awesome and the chicken malinese was done perfectly .
The man on the phone so they were really backed up with orders and it should be there in a couple minutes .
Our favorite dish is the chicken parmigiana , which is unbelievably delicious .
We got our menus and waited for 10 + minutes and nobody ever came to take our drink order .
My order was wrong the lady had relayed a totally different order .
The wings were great ...
we had reservations at 5:30 , he did n't take our order until 6:45 ) .
The best thing we got was the cold plate appetizer .
We had our choice of tables .
The food was outstanding !
happy ppl , cool band and the food looked and smelled amazing although we did n't eat .
The next time I saw him I obviously gave him double .
We were seated right away and the service throughout the night was n't that bad .
The chicken tikka masala was also wonderful .
I had no idea there were SO many kinds .
There was a coupon for a free ice cream on my receipt which I redeemed the same visit .
It feels like a really authentic , cultural experience , supplemented by delicious food .
The pastries were little crisp triangles that reminded me of baklava .
We have n't been back to cash in on those drinks , and this happened months and months ago .
Another outstanding doughnut shop in St.
I ordered the steak and eggs .
The grilled oysters were quite good .
Poor materials used ? ? ? ?
The chef is picking up up ingredients with her hands that she just used to text and puts them into the bowls they 're serving !
The wait was a little long but not terrible considering the night rush .
Pumpkin Spiced Latte : I 've actually never had a pumpkin spiced latte , but this was pretty good .
Her attitude was horrible and completely smug the whole time to actually make this a big deal .
I ordered the falafel pita and my fiance ordered the gyro and we split a side of the hummus .
This is a restaurant worth crossing the river for , you wo n't regret it .
All the food was excellent !
Even before we got there , we saw a crowd of people waiting outside .
Ca nt remember his name but never the less the entire meal was worth it .
I ordered a chopped salad and a crab cake , and the hub got a crab cake sandwich with fries .
those margs are gooooood .
The gelato was OUTSTANDING .
I take offense to this , as should any of us who need to take Valley Ride to get to our destinations .
The place is really big so we did n't have to wait long to be seated .
They also have karaoke rooms upstairs , plus they are BYOB .
So we were asked to leave , simply like that because we were with a kid / minor .
Partly the fault of organizer since the room we were in held no more than 40 .
My friends in Philly took me to this little covert spot of culinary perfection because they know I 'm a big foodie .
Although the outside looks unassuming , the inside atmosphere is very comfortable and quaint .
We all had a great time .
Oh I had to ask for them to bring salt and pepper to the table btw ? ?
The inside layout has changed a little since our last visit .
We have reservations and we were seated right away . This place is vegetarian - friendly .
Gumbo ya - ya was delicious , as was the braised rabbit .
The menu prices were a little higher than we expected ranging from $ 14 for a burger to near $ 30 for other menu items .
I hate this place , and I can only hate it because I used to love it .
It 's really dark in color and did not taste right .
This delicacy accompanied by some sweet tea made it a true southern tribute .
The table across from us even asked if we were still waiting for a server .
There was also a table that had children running and screaming which causes safety issues for your staff and the children .
The Sandwich was bland as well as the sauce .
Came here on a Sunday night after snowboarding and we were all very impressed .
4.5 , great experience
We did have to pay cash , but the ATM was in the restaurant .
The girls doing the shucking cleaned the oysters like pros .
I had the BALT ( Bacon , Avocado , Lettuce , Tomato ) , it was SO good .
I got the gator gumbo while my friend had the Cajun pasta .
The order came by after 15 mins - and all he brought was curries - no bread , no water , no cutlery .
I specified pick up time .
We visited Red Mesa for brunch after enjoying dinner twice at the cantina location downtown .
So even before we sat down to eat and drink OUR OWN BEER , we had already shelled out $ 21 between three of us .
The family that was seated just before me finished and left before our food came out .
Oh well , the total damage was more than $ 100 but we had a groupon , taking a huge chunk of it away .
This is a quiet quaint place hidden from the traffic .
Once we ordered , the good came quickly which was great .
We came to eat last night with a pretty large party ( 9 people ) .
Though the Topos menu was very very limited , the flatbread and sweet potato chips were excellent .
But my biggest complaint is the SERVICE it was horrible .
My husband and I had an amazing dinner at Suraya !
This ritual greatly contributed to a happy childhood .
Great little neighborhood coffee shop .
The hot and sour soup was ' meh .. '
Some are very attentive while others have ignored us the entire meal .
The wings were over cooked and very difficult to eat .
Just as good as ever---- took a group there and everyone pronounced their meals exellent .
This is a regular stop for the whole family .
Chicken Dinners , Salads , Burritos , Pastas , Sandwiches , Soups , Burgers ect .
We do n't have these where we live or we would eat at these restaurants often
The venue itself is BEAUTIFUL and so dreamy .
I had the tempura , and it was AWESOME .
We let them know the time frame they gave us and that it was well past that time frame .
Worst of all they were $ 15 - 16 a pop !
From start to finish , planning to execution , they were beyond helpful and friendly .
I also loved the biscuit .
I really love this place .
I REALLY love this place .
Pros - absolutely gorgeous , detailed decor .
My partner and I were in Vientiane last year .
Only thing I would change was the music when we first arrived , which was really loud and harsh .
I got enchiladas instead , and they were delicious .
It was perfectly seasoned , light , and the trout was perfectly cooked .
The place itself is bright and roomie .
Really enjoyed breakfast here .
It was just sour , the spices were n't right .
Our waitress , which we forgot her name , so sorry , but she was great .
I 'm torn about this place .
Service was very good and they were able to take care of us really well and fast although we were a huge group .
She seemed to think that the beer selection was awesome but it was actually mediocre .
The tapioca balls were n't good either .
I saw this place advertised on Show Me St.
It 's not Corso 32 or Cafe Amore , but you do n't need a reservation and it 's a good value .
We have always had great service at Social : attentive and friendly without being clingy .
However , the bread was quite thin , and i love thick dough , so that was a bit of a con .
There was n't enough seats for the 12 of us to wait for the remaining party , so there was a lot of standing involved !
So safe to say anything tomato these guys do it well .
20 minutes and we still had n't received our food .
And , there was definitely nothing lackadaisical about the preparation of this dish .
Went here for our anniversary was not disappointed ! !
The next day my sister came to visit and wanted to try it .
In fact , Gators is one of the Tampa Bay area 's classic beach spots everyone should visit .
Once we actually did get served and placed our order , the food never came .
Once inside if you close your eyes one would think they were in a major city in the US .
The food is absolutely amazing .
The ravioli soup was tasty , and the crab dumplings were super yummy ( as was the plum sauce that came with them ) .
He put the platter to the side of the table and told the waitress he would n't eat that .
All in all , it was ok food at an ok venue .
We got a table for 11 and were a bit cramped but no one was complaining ....
went to a better spot !
I went to college in the south , so this place made me very nostalgic .
We were told that this is THE place to eat for Mexican / Tex - Mex food in O'fallon .
We went on a Tuesday night .
The blue cheese was not overpowering .
Not the experience we had hoped for .
We probably wo n't be back for a while ( if ever ) there are better options within the same distance .
The cashier was very welcoming and asked me if it was my first visit .
He said they only fixed it one way ...
I also appreciated the dog - friendly policy but that 's definitely a personal preference and is n't right for everyone .
We had to walk a trashy , pissy street past what seemed like skid row coming from the hotel on Race St.
Now I did make one mistake , I only ordered a small mac and cheese .
Our server then happened back by and insisted that I was seeing things .
My meal was quite satisfying !
When it came time to pay the bill , I was surprised that there was no discount for the mistake they had made .
They went out of their way to make us feel at home and I appreciated that .
We are from the midwest and enjoyed our meals thoroughly .
it tasted mostly just like cooked / charred chicken .
The small size was just that ...
There 's no doubt that Fulton Alley is a great addition to the city .
Harry and Izzy 's is a wonderful addition to downtown !
This was our first time at Le Peep .
The barkeep also did make it up to me in with a few comped items so it was a definite win overall .
It was our first time from there .
The cheese fries are the BEST in Nashville though , they 're the only thing worth getting here .
Got ta love their starters .
Is it a big deal ?
Her meal arrived in 30 minutes .... fries ok but chicken was cold .
The trout , Amish chicken , special strawberry salad and ice cream deserts were perfect .
The service and food were very good and loved the BYOB .
There are some really great vegan choices and everything is marked on the menu as well .
I got takeout and in opening the containers noticed several very long black hairs in two of the containers .
This is a great place to eat .
All their food is terribly greasy and over seasoned its too much ..
They were pretty skimpy , but also the whole meal was only like $ 2.75 so I guess it makes sense .
The only thing I did not care for was the baklava .
I just ordered two simple donuts , one chicken sandwich ( they are really tiny ) and black ice coffee ( plain ) and paid 15 $ .
This was also a really good tasting burger !
They just brought out our meal and said it 'd be 15 minutes for the rest .
This was probably the best complete meal we ever had out .
It 's just down the street from me so I 'm there probably every other week ...
The waiter also behaved unprofessionally and kept interrupting and then did n't show up .
I ordered the taco Tuesday special .
How did I never know about this place ?
One of my favorite restaurants in the Fairmont area .
I also love the security they are always on point ..
She moved the ham , lettuce , pickle , and cheese and sure enough there was one slice of pork underneath .
No sooner had we arrived - 1 pm - with [ 9 ] people , we were given the cold shoulder ...
Odd location but unique find .
The goal of the day was to fill our bellies with warm and tasty ramen , and I am so happy to say we did that a Cheu !
The food took forever to come out , and we had to wave the waitress down for drinks .
The masak chicken was average .
Went for Easter dinner ... not a bad or mediocre thing to say ! ! ! ! !
My family was in Nashville on vacation and our friend recommended this place for breakfast .
My husband and I have taken to liking to the counter seats that face the open kitchen .
It almost smelt like old garbage .
I ca n't say , as it 's the only place in town where I 've purchased a gyro .
The arugula salad was entirely forgettable .
The food was delicious and the owner was super nice .
The dishes were just typical bar food and not particularly warm when they finally arrived at our table .
To top off the experience , they gave her a note signed by Sbraga and a little goodie bag .
I mean , it was great and we enjoyed eating it , however , we felt like there was a " sales pitch " to order things .
The bread pudding desert was excellent ( very dense ) .
That 's what I thought when going to panda .
This place is a little hidden Gem .
The papaya salad was delicious !
My husband , daughter , and I dined at Sbraga tonight , excited to try Top Chef winner Kevin Sbraga 's fare .
Went to dinner while in the Santa Barbara /Montecito area for memorial day weekend .
We had the alligator burger and jumbalaya .
I have been to Porcini many times over the past couple years , it is my favorite Italian byob .
My husband and I both ordered a panini .
Chicken parm was so yummy .
If this is what you think of South Jersey , stay on your side of the river .
* It 's been years of avoiding gyros , until tonight .
We really liked the decor of the place and the bar is huge .
Staff are very friendly and attentive and restaurant is clean and welcoming .
We added in more oil that was on the bar- game changer , it was so good !
The drinks were perfectly mixed .
The waffle was huge and the hash browns were perfect .
We had a really fun lunch there during Mardi Gras .
The owner is very friendly , the service ... so , so .
They do n't even bring the proper orders out .
As long as we live within their delivery range we will be loyal to them :-)
As always , the leftovers were just as delicious ...
Basically , it was a gussied up bacon cheeseburger , but it was a rather tasty one .
Apparently the " reservation " had been taken by an old man who used to own the restaurant , but does n't anymore .
I ca n't comment on the ambiance because I always just get take out - I highly recommend the food !
First it began with the rude waitress , then the manager came over and made in an appropriate " joke " regarding my ethnicity .
Went on Friday of the May long weekend and waiting time was 30mins although I was told it was 45mins to 1 hr .
Because the portions I got were so big I was able to take them home with me and they were nice leftovers .
as the pernil I had was dry .
I do n't understand how this place is still in business , to be honest .
the waiter took our order for hummus and beer and pizza ..
I did n't have to pay for my room ( thank god ) but if I had to I could n't afford to .
Especially the doughnut hole looking thing .
Our server was nice enough .
We shared the sandwich shooters .
These truck vendor must not watch Tyler Florence 's The Great Food Truck Race , the supermarket is only a block away people .
It was hot and humid so we came in here to avoid the heat and grab some lunch .
This a cozy little place , hidden downstairs off of 15th street .
It 's not too often you 're in a restaurant and you feel like you could sit there the whole night drinking wine and eating .
I give praise to the horticulture team because the gardens are amazing ! ! !
One small piece of feedback : the spinach was not creamed as advertised on the menu , but was still very tasty .
I m australian so i m use to fresh seafood and traditional Japanese cuisine .
Ca n't wait to come back next time around in NOLA !
Called ahead and they set up a table for us .
My favorite diner in the area .
The food we did receive was tasty , if cold .
We also had the chocolate molten lava cake and it was sooooo good !
LOL what a joke !
Then there was the mimosas , not too watery , not too " champagney " ...
Our server was incredibly knowledgable and friendly .
I guess it 's a name change only .
It 's pretty far from where we live but always worth the drive .
This restaurant is extremely special .
All the balls were very heavy so not much fun to bowl with .
great ppl watching as you dine , sipping your wine ( its a BYOB , so bring some ) .
The chicken fried rice was also nicely seasoned .
It 's a pretty common practice and somewhat excusable considering that pizzas here are less than $ 10 .
I blame it on the rain brain .
BF and I had 3 dozen , nice sized too .
Did I get the wrong check and not notice ?
It tasted pretty good , but the look of the food is a big part of what appeals to my appetite .
He said that he would bring us all waters and be right back .
The waiter was pretty nice however .
Although we had to walk in the rain and wait outside for a table .
Just getting your car from valet was a hassle and took a lot of time .
We paid an extra 25cents for each fajita to add green peppers and onions , which made the fajitas taste a bit better .
We had a handtossed sausage pizza .
You definitely wo n't leave hungry but I do encourage you to try and squeeze in some duck fat fries ... they are worth it !
There was also an unmarked restroom in the foyer .
We could n't figure out which one we wanted to try , so this choice was easy !
We ordered six dishes at Lanna , and all were very good .
Walking in , the counter to order is right in front , and then the seating area is towards the left .
I 'm a bit of a coffee aficionado and had heard about this place through Bon Appetite magazine .
The bartender hooked us up , we walked out in less than 5 minutes , and the place was packed .
Well an hour later , we still had nt received drinks or any of our food .
Ok , yeah , big deal .
The sweet tea was amazing too !
No complaints about the seared tuna .
It 's going well , our server was nice and we were happy .
I wo n't be coming back to this location because of the service we just revived .
I 'm glad my husband convinced me to stay , because the pizza was phenomenal .
Mona 's is concentrated in New Orleans , but a move of this place to Kenner was a wise move .
I thought it was just me at first , so I had my parents taste some , nope , the comment was " this is worse than folgers . "
It has nothing to do with the food , or the service .
But last night was terrible .
The apple old fashion was simply heavenly !
Once we got our plates we noticed their was shrimp in our mac & cheese .
Food was delicious and also the sweets ...
My wife chicken saltimbocca was EXTREMELY salty .
If I sat down to eat I probably would have asked for more , but it was n't that big of a deal .
I do n't mind more " European portions " but this was ridiculous .
Just did n't like the whole vibe going on inside .
Is it only a southern thing ?
Very much enjoyed this meal .
We visited on a Monday and it was Veggie Day so our vegetarian sandwiches were $ 4.99 ( normally $ 6.49 ) .
But the food tasted ... not that good .
As they gave me the food i asked if i could have hot sauce as well and was told by the young man that that s 1 $ extra ...
We sat at the bar and ordered the specialty cocktails .
Horrible experience plus was n't exactly too clean .
Lol The price of everything is genorous considering the quality of the drinks / food available .
I 've only had spring rolls at one other Vietnamese restaurant , and I like that particular restaurant 's rolls better .
A tad expensive for breakfast but it was all very good .
I get that chick fil a is taking their business and that 's why I wanted to help them out , next time I 'm going to chick fil a.
I chose crispy rice per his exuberance about it and it came out in a sizzling skillet .
I got the pork chop and my wife got the half of a chicken .
Seven of us came to celebrate a family event - our waiter Rene was the best - sharp , witty and made us feel like family .
The chicken , however , was pretty good , and the ambiance was neat .
The shrimp burrito was huge but was tasty and fresh .
My wife 's spinach salad looked good too .
The grits we 're way better than Flying Biscuit 's grits and that 's saying something !
Nice al fresco dining on the patio .
My favorite Chinese ( Sichuan ) restaurant in the Philadelphia area and worth the one hour drive from Center City .
I know its practically fighting words in this town , but I 'd venture to say El Nene is up there for best Sonoran Dog in Tucson .
-Ocean view , of course !
there was a long list of add on 's ( at a cost ) that maybe i should have splurged on ?
Had to go to pole vault summit .
It 's large , roomy , well lit and everyone is so very friendly !
Our waittress brought out this dessert trifle on the house in honor of our proposal .
Ill be coming back every time I go to Reno .
In fact , we brought their burgers back on the plane last year , and they were delectable .
I ca n't think of a better place to grab cheap dinner and drinks before a baseball game ( the stadium is walk able from here ) .
I am a little confused why there is a " tourist " area on this water front , it 's really not an impressive beach at all .
The people working here were very friendly in a genuine way .
Come early enough and you can watch the sun rise and you enjoy your breakfast :) it 's amazing !
The table was clean and properly stocked .
3 ) Course 3- was our choice between two chicken ( chicken with lemon olive oil or spicy cumin)- of course we did spicy cumin !
Anyway , the take out container was dirty from previous food in it !
The coffee was also luke warm .
The staff was super friendly , and the beignets and pralines are ridiculously good ! ! !
However , when I called in for pick up , and the person who picked up the phone was efficient and reasonably friendly .
There were about four open tables for the older women that wanted to sit down , but for some reason it had to be our table .
The only challenge was that one plate came late so we did n't get to eat together .
And the lobster tail was tough , dry and just gross .
We are their BEST customer .
I really love Chipotle so there is no complaints about food here .
... always a good bet
When we tried to use our $ 3 off $ 15 coupon we were told we could n't use it .
Delicious both times I 've eaten there , it can be a little loud but that 's ok .
I 've only tried a handful of other items , but they were all also very tasty .
TJ 's last Sunday night late .
This place is good ...
The kitchen is most accommodating .
I had 2 eggs , 4 pieces of bacon and 2 pancakes .
The burger was incredible , as were the fries ; not too greasy , very flavorful , and cooked just right !
The best part was our waitress was just the sweetest girl ever .
I 'd never had one before but the pictures looked okay .
I 'm going to say they were the best biscuits I 've ever had .
Almost 15 minutes later no one came over , I saw a female one Table away as she dropped off items but then she scooted away .
The husband had the Halibut .
My taste buds were awaken to the most wonderful explosions of flavor ! ! !
We had an excellent lunch here .
..... the chances of winning are not in your favor , but its still worth the trip .
Unfortunately it took well over 20 minutes to get my latte , well over 40 minutes to get the one breakfast sandwich I ordered .
commander 's palace ( hulamom 's fave ) was booked her b'day night but the concierge got us in ... and added a free bottle of bubbly .
A friend of mine , and the only one amongst us from Louisiana , responded .
For the first hour , we were the only people in the restaurant and only saw our waitress twice .
The decor is nice & I like the blue Dolphins on the wall .
Rude , uncaring management .
When we finally did , we decided to order to go as the wait for outside seating was 1 hour .
I was worried the turkey meatballs would be bland , but they were filled with just the right amount of herbs and spices .
The food was good ( nothing to write home about ) , but overall a great experience .
The bf got the tri tip ( which is why we went there ) and loved it .
For under $ 6 you can get two good size tacos and a drink , it 's a great lunch value ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I ordered a meatball sandwich and it was huge .
He did a very good job .
My favorites were the octopus app and the asparagus app .
I ordered delivery online through Yelp , and the food took about 45 minutes to get to my door .
The grill medley was fantastic .
the propieters are very nice , but their actions are not appropriate ..
I had the roasted red pepper and goats cheese quiche , highly recommend .
The employees always seem as they are disgusted to be there and looks at you as if you are bothering them .
The food took forever to arrive and the waiter came too fast to take the plates / food away ...
There were 4 other people in the cafe ...
Choose your Dosa 's and enjoy the food ... not the surroundings !
They never made us feel rushed , and it was a great meal .
However , my trusty sidekick noted that the lentils were more watery at Kaffa Crossing .
I would n't have wanted that in the first place ! !
As a final insult , Moto 's enforces mandatory 20 % tipping .
Service was fast and attentive .
The cookie is incredible rich and decadent .
We had the fried green tomatoes BLT and chicken fried chicken and they were both delicious !
The soups are delicious especially the # 1 soup w the seafood .
My husband and I came here for our 3rd Wedding anniversary .
( Should be $ 4 . ) Instead of giving him his change back , they tell him it is $ 20 - $ 16 for the platter and $ 4 for the side .
The happiest place on Earth is in Florida , but its not Disney .
Not a far walk from r hotel .
I actually think the beignet here were better than Cafe Du Monde .
Lastly , the bathrooms were disgusting !
The waitress who was supposed to be our waitress inside as well , never arrived to the table and never checked up on us .
I had the pancakes , which were fine .
This was a culinary disaster .
Tonight they had burned something , the air was thick and hazy .
Not their fault as the waffle house next door had it power off too .
I was surprised it did not come with fresh pita , but it all tasted good .
It i d very cozy and I love the atmosphere .
I have a feeling that Dugg ( review below ) came in when we were there .
But , best of all , the pizza was outstanding .
And the vibe was super chill .
They stuff these boats to the brim and it 's a total tourist trap .
We scarfed down these entrees like starving Ethiopians .
The orange chicken and Kung pow chicken left me unsatisfied .
The order was never relayed .
Love the fact that it 's BYOB and the service is very well trained .
The Coffee Stout was delish and my sister 's favorite out of the ones we tried .
It took the term hole in the wall a little too literally .
Our server , Roland , was the most personable , articulate , and genuinely service - oriented waiter we 've ever met .
We had an affogato and a cortadito .
Service was awsome as well , the bartender reccommended the pizza and the beer !
Their mom and grandma ( spoke no English ) would spoil us with the very beat home made Italian food I 've ever had .
The food was first rate .
the pizza is excellent and very tasty ...
She huffed and puffed and then said " well i 'll give it to you this time but please do nt abuse it . "
I recommend it to anyone visiting or living in New Orleans , not to mention it 's dirt cheap ! ! ! !
Our server was on the case and he took great care of us .
5- As long as the head cook / manager / owner dude is there , the food will be prepared correctly .
I only ordered a kids nuggets .
Our wait for food was ridiculous .
Second , the product is so average it 's embarrassing .
The potatoes , not quite as crisp as ordinary potato chips , were quite good .
The food I had was good .
What a amazing deal .
Very impressed ... I really like the brunch on the weekends .
This is by far my favorite place in the city .
It was a patty melt and there was this little patty in the middle of huge slices of bread .
I thought from the look of the outside that it was going to be a PF Changs kind of deal , which is a big NOPE for me .
He made our experience so much better .
Best raw we 've ever tasted & we 've had our fill over the years .
Loved the fact that it 's BYOB !
The food was paced well and it was prepared fresh with great ingredients .
So glad to have stumbled upon this place .
We waited for about an hour for our food .
We walked in and the inside had a funky , unpleasant smell .
I tried the white pizza with onions in addition and it was a pleasant surprise .
They checked my ID to make sure it was actually my room , which is good practice .
There was n't a meat counter but you could take home cuts of meat if you wanted .
I was very happy to see cheese plate w/o extra charge .
He did apologized for the dry brisket , he even told the cook that the brisket was dry for us .
Menu is small , but the was pizza delicious .
The pizza was GREAT !
I had the fish tacos .
Ca n't even get a " how 's it going today " or " thank you have a nice day " it 's more like " what you want " and " your total is " .
Entrance to the parking is not clear ... don't drive your lowered sports car here !
We were seated outside and our waiter , while very polite , was overall not attentive and not knowledgeable of the menu .
Came here with my friends for lunch and was really surprised .
We dropped in one night when they were offering a amaretto margarita as the special one night , and it was delicious !
We then asked for opinions from both the server and chef , Chris .
When he asked the waiter if the size was comparable to pho the waiter did not have a clue to what pho was .
The food was awesome and the service was warm and genuine .
The wife ordered the " big fried fish " sandwich and I went for the crab cake sandwich .
Crawfish etouffe(sp ) was better than the shrimp
We decided to walk to have breakfast in Surrey , which we found on Yelp .
We had each ordered a falafel pita as well , and wound up bringing them home for dinner .
The gumbo and red beans I did n't care for .
John that runs it and his wife are beautiful people ... my favorite spot in the Uptown area of Philly .... great food always ! ! !
Just glad we had a fridge at the rental !
The chicken had nice crisp coating and juicy tender meat .
Glad I ordered it otherwise I would have gone to bed hungry .
We had been here during its prior incarnations , but this was our first time at " La Tavola . "
We still left a tip for the waitress because we felt horrible that she has to tell family and friends that she works there .
The biggest miss on the chicken fajitas was the clunky cut of grilled chicken .
There were five us is and we sat at a table for four .
while i was n't happy with my dish i picked off of my family 's plates and what they had was not bad .
The fish tacos were also good .
They were about 1 - 1/2 thick ( forgot to bring my calipers ) and well trimmed ; very little fat was left .
This is my second bad experience in a row at Stefano 's .
They aso have some other sandwiches that are good and an upstairs seating area that is pretty chilled out .
I could 've sat at one of the outdoor tables last night and been content drinking nothing but lemonade .
What a supreme disappointment from what I thought was a high caliber operation .
You 're better off waiting on the restaurant next door [ even if the wait is 3 - 4 hours ] .
the fact that Estela 's is still in business is bad commentary on the rest of them
The nutiness of the Korma was especially nice , as was the blended creaminess .
Surprised this place is rated so high .
Ingredients were fresh and tangy .
Within five minutes the entire outside cleared , barely a soul in sight .
We loved the food .
What really caught my eye was the branding .
The ranch dressing , honey mustard and " roadhouse " dipping sauce were all disgusting .
Ended up having to run home ( found it in the drive way ) and came right back .
It had no shrimp in it at all .
My order of the oxtail pho was alright as well .
My wife had her usual chicken tikka masala and mango lasse .
Last night we had a fabulous dinner !
It really is a good show !
And since they take credit cards , I would hope they would take cards over the phone ( not sure about that though . )
The tomato - basil soup was very good , as were the waffle fries .
And the croissant was really good too !
Was a disappointment for the sole purpose of them using a frozen beef patty :/ the bread was good ..
We 're not huge fans of Tilapia as it is a tad fishy tasting .
The meat was a mixture of white and dark meat left over from thigh or other parts ( was odd shaped and some was shredded ) .
I got the goat masala , which was incredible !
The bread was very soft on the inside , toasted on the outside .
The donuts , even the fancy one 's seem plain .
I have to say that is the only thing I have ever ordered here so I ca n't comment on anything else .
This place will become a regular stop on our future trips to New Orleans .
We got potatoes au gratin on the side , and they were good , but they 're just potatoes au gratin , nothing to write home about .
The down side is they arrived after everyone else had their meals .
Not sure why it took until now for us to find this place .
I ate a six - course fixed menu for Valentine 's Day and was alternately indifferent and impressed .
The almond joy donut was a disappointment .
The food was fantastic , and the view was superb .
I had ZERO expectations because a friend of mine said her experience was n't good .
We loved their hakka noodles .
This is just a place to watch kids puke out front , if that 's what you;re into .
Oddly , my burger was more on the well done side and Brian 's was actually medium rare .
PROS : great service and the staff is very friendly
Then we had pasta dishes and we were still starving .
The dogs were delicious .
I had the peach brown butter tart .
This establishment had no parking at all and had to pay to park just to eat here .
Celebrated a birthday for my daughter @ J Gilbert 's this evening .
The front room is a lot more grand than the back room ( where we were seated ) , but that is offset by views of the open kitchen .
Amazing experience .
The carrot cake and limoncello are scrumptious .
The room was clean , the bed was super comfy with TONS of pillows ( one sure way to my heart ) .
Fun place , inviting interior and a pleasure to hang outside with the couches , etc .
Overall the food was great !
The staff were very courteous and explained how the menu worked as well as how to best grill the different meats .
The drinks were tasty and the food was excellent .
We were told a 45 minute and we were seated under that quoted time !
I always go for anything with guacamole and cheese :) oh and the fries , oh wow !
I really felt like I was at someone 's home .
We ordered drinks , truffled cauliflower , and an order of tater tots .
We were looking to grab a quick lunch and got much more than we bargained for ! !
Upon my return to Tucson I was surprised to see that it was still open and still great !
I was seated and the host / waiter forgot to ask me what type of naan I wanted .
To be fair our waiter was great , attentive & making sure we had everything we needed .
Mine was supposed to be a standard cream cheese topping but it did n't taste like there was any cream cheese in it .
We did make reservations , but only 45 minutes prior to us arriving .
I really liked the feel of this place and how friendly the staff was .
Food seemed interesting ...
The inside of the restaurant is clean and pleasant .
Our first time is our last time .
I had never had chocolate chip pancakes before then and they were soooo good .
The oysters were amazing in flavor and were very large .
From the vibe of the place to the service to the food , everything was awesome !
Every staff member was so polite to us and overly eager to serve us .
Sent that back , the waiter was nice about it , brought back the Scallop dish which was still oversalted & really bad .
I can make it for you and you can come back up and it will be 4 bucks " .
The Pork Belly is cooked ever so soft , and the flaky pastry thing it was resting on was so savory .
So in love that tavern was our first stop back in town .
Most of us ordered ramen and all of the noodles were super starchy , like how they are when over - cooked .
Our waitress looked like Anne Hathaway and she was really nice .
Ordered our drinks and food and it took maybe 10 mins before the food was out .
The two pizzas split among a couple of people were the sausage and the potato with rosemary .
My family has eaten here twice and both times " corporate " has refunded the price of our meals because it has been so appalling .
When I called the restaurant to make sure it was ok , the gentlemen was more than happy to add one to our reservation .
When we go back to Reno we will be eating there a lot !
By the time we left , I had a raging headache ... vowing never to return .
Hoagies are pretty good and they 're oven toasted .
I am not sure what the hold up was , it was not that busy .
I do nt leave reviews but had to as my experience tonight left a really sour taste in my mouth .
There was maybe a half teaspoon of tzatziki on it , I could n't taste it at all due to its being hardly there .
Kind of a shame as I enjoyed the food .
It was the best bbq I 've had in I do n't know how long .
I 'm a creature of habit .
Nice location by the Monon Trail which makes it a great stopping point when out for a bike ride .
The sweet potato fries were good .
Came here on a Saturday night it was just ok .
Our party of 7 loved all our meals !
I had the meat pie , warm stuffed grape leaves and the baklava .
Let 's get to the food .
The chicken was flavorful and the jerk sauce was really good .
The scallops were dry , over cooked , and bland .
We ordered the shrimp and grits , rotisserie chicken , and ribeye .
Tried my hubby 's pancakes .... awesome !
I first found the Manayunk location , and my wife and I ate there several times .
The owners are a local couple and run the restaurant themselves , and they care about the quality of their food .
The presentation of the dish is also exquisite .
We were walking around downtown and it would have been nice to have it .
how s that my problem ?
" tuna " sashimi was mushy ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Ca n't wait for my next visit !
I ended up spooning the mac to the side so I could add Puckett 's own sweet , yet spicy BBQ sauce to the tender , juicy pork .
We ate here tonight .
We did n't finish our food and asked to get our food wrapped up .
And the onion rings were battered to perfection .
the employees do n't seem to listen when we order .
Its an upscale type of restaurant so that is expected and it 's on the water .
Atmosphere was very good as well .
Unfortunately , today we had a party for brunch and I was honestly embarrassed I recommended it .
The crab cakes here were good too !
The two vets arrived shortly after we did .
There was no air circulation and the acoustics were horrendous .
Basil fried rice was perfect & Hands down the thai curry was yummiest ever ..
What a great breakfast .
Is n't the patio the coveted spot ?
I had read similar reviews before I visited this restaurant that experienced the safe sort of negative behavior .
Came at worst time of day - late afternoon - for a few slices .
And it 's so loud you ca n't work or really have an decent talk with anyone .
My husband and I LOVE pure black from La Colombe , the best stuff on earth .
I also had the taco combo - the chicken and carne asada were very good but the cabeza was slimy .
However , the food was really good and they were very accommodating in substituting the vegetable on the menu .
The beans and rice were bland as well .
It 's a hidden gem .
The pound cake was ok , nothing special ..
They are famous for the crème doughnuts ... I wo n't be able to tell y' all about them ..... don't like them from anybody .
Overall , the dish was flavorful and creamy .
I mean it all tastes great but it 's just basic stuff , nothing different from the trucks on campus .
People who arrived after we were seated had finished eating before we even had our food .
Our server was a bit uninformed of the menu , but she was nice .
What a treat to have here in Indy !
No redeeming qualities .
The wait staff was prompt and we ordered a appetizer sampler and a large pizza .
The service ruined the experience ...
I would 've given them 5 stars but one of the ladies there was rude when I asked for a fork .
My hubby and I went for dinner on a Tues .
I tried to bite into the sandwich and could n't even bite through because of how tough and rubbery the pork was .
The food was hot and tasty and definitely inexpensive .
I give this three stars because it 's close to my house and when wings are wanted this is our go - to spot .
The entertainment was top shelf .
I ca n't remember the last time I ate at a nice restaurant where every aspect was spot - on .
The dressing was outstanding .
The worst part about it is that they have gotten worse with each iteration .
I had the ox tail , and it was delicious .
I also love that there 's actually a place like this in West County so close to where I live .
My daughter and I ca n't get enough of them .
I had the portobello stuffed pretzel and he had the black bean burger .
I 'm a picky eater and was on the fence .
This is the best location I 've dealt with .
Sarah made us one of the best hamburgers both of us had ever had .
Shrimp was not the same as the basket .
It was dessert time and I could n't decide which one I wanted .
From the outside of the building you would n't know it was a hookah bar ( except the giant sign of course lol ) .
Otherwise , my server ( Therese ) was awesome and the food came out quick and hot and yummy .
You wo n't want to share this dish trust me .
it 's a $ 10 minimum to use a CC .
Went here Saturday night and were surprised how many open tables there were .
It took a bit of effort but we narrowed our choices down to the Huevos Rancheros and the Fried Chicken and Biscuits .
The patio section is so pretty and serene .
Did like the actual chopping of my salad .
Skip the blue crab roll , it does n't taste like blue crab ... eel , salmon and yellowtail were decent .
Bruno 's is our new favorite pizza spot !
They put pickled greenbeans instead of celery which was really unique .
Now , I can only speak to their drink selection - which was amazing !
Juliet Chamber meetings there and always look forward to eating that delicious food .
Our server Deloris was amazing .
The 2nd half tasted dandy a day and a half later too .
Sure it was very expensive but our steaks and entrees were outstanding .
This is obviously the leftovers from Pastavino and the leftovers have gone bad .
There were three hostesses ( not sure why ) .
10 am on a Saturday morning , this location was completely empty .
It was a really good deal , and it was tasty , and considering the price not bad at all .
Same with the service , sometimes its great , sometimes its terrible .
Looks like I missed out and should have order the burger instead because that tasted awesome .
The pad Thai was exactly what I was expecting and it did not disappoint .
My mum got the Vermonter salad , which she LOVED ! ! !
Been here twice and both times we thoroughly enjoyed our visit !
I came in to watch the end of a UK Basketball game ( in which they lost ... boo ) .
Although there was a hug wait the food was really good .
Even though there were several other open tables .
The side of coleslaw was dry , and the tartar sauce appeared to be plain mayo .
Ordered the filet sliders and fresh homemade chips .
All in all , Eau Cafe salvaged the night .
The Mr. Angelo half was exceptionally good .
I honestly ca n't even recommend a specific dish because they are all great , but my personal favorites are the enchiladas .
It 's a bit unexpected and a tiny bit off the beaten path on a residential street just behind a business district .
We made reservations which I would recommend .
The crab cakes and crab balls were good .
We had to flag down the staff to figure out what sorbets were on offer as well .
I highly recommend their sausage it 's Unique and very flavory .
The only drawback is that were obvious : The restaurant is poorly lit which makes the menus difficult to read .
We were there around 10 minutes when another couple came in and checked in at the hostess stand and came into the bar to wait .
It was nicely charred in spots but not burned .
I suggest you do the same , Rittenhouse Square is only a block away !
The owner and management obviously just do n't have respect for anything or anybody .
This was a great find .
In my humble opinion this is one of the best breakfast places around , especially if you like pancakes .
Anyway , the shrimp were cooked well ..
It was too salty for my taste .
my wife and I had chosen not to go to this restaurant based upon a visit from a friend .
The coffee was subpar as well .
We also love their spicy edamame , tempura , ocean salad , and cabbage salad .
The main dish , however , was sad .
We were early for church and wanted to grab a quick bite to eat .
And they had a great sense of humor .
The bar is nice & I enjoy sitting outside when the weather is agreeable ...
Pictures of Morocco and other places in North Africa and/or the Middle East are on the wall .
It is a family owned place in a great location .
My sister and I split the calamari steak sandwich and got 2 sides of soup : the black bean and the chili .
I went for the lunch buffet and immediately noticed a few things .
The restaurant is beautiful ... wood furniture and tv 's in the booths .
I guess I do love that chicken from Popeye 's !
The polenta salad was also superb !
Yes , we did have reservations and no we did not need to wait for a table .
We had a great dinner !
I asked again when we can get a table and she smirked and said we can wait a minute .
For real not just coke products but dry sodas , cream sodas , ginger soda , Izze sodas ect .
We definitely felt it was worth the wait !
Came down to 40th Street to meet a good friend , and parked right in front of Tandoor India .
Who manages this place ?
We had a table with a great view to the west .
There 's just so much wait time that it 's not really worth it .
We are fulltime RVers who have lived or worked in 48 of the 50 states ( we 'll get to Maine and Conn.
the skin was , uh , NOT crispy ....
They do n't take reservations or call aheads but that seems to really only be an issue on weekend evenings .
Best place to eat so far ! !
I do n't think you grasp the ramifications of such a corpo - fascist economic principle .
The waiter was super nice and so was the owner .
I get the # 5 with the pita wrap and French Fries - yes , French fries .
The details were taken care of and made for a comfortable and great event .
We could n't get a table when we arrived due to their rule about having almost all present before seating !
My friend had the nest egg .
Went for lunch today(Sunday ) and sat at the bar .
The chicken was rubbery .
The only crab to be found was small slivers .
The pork was a little overdone / dry , but had a nice smoky flavor .
The mustard was dripping down my fingers and chin , the hot dog was flavorful , and the peppers on it were awesome .
In his mind we were wrong and he was right .
The clams were great .
We got the blue raspberry and it was one of the best sangrias I 've ever had .
And thankfully the prices during happy hour were really good .
The curry was very light , but the seafood was abundant and the mango shrimp was amazing .
When I dumped out the container , there was another one in the bottom .
The duck fat fries and tater tots were all very good .
I 'm not from the Tucson area but when I come back through I 'll grab a slice of pie here !
After 20 mints later he came and he gave us menu .
The tea provided was also delicious .
Vacationed in New Orleans for 7 day 's and this was the best Breakfast Ever ! ! !
What struck me was the cleanliness of this place .
Last night I found out that I used to live right around the corner from it and I never even knew it .
My bf and his family were drinking , and I was impressed with how friendly the bar staff was .
Glad it was n't a first date lol .
This location is not terribly busy so you wo n't have to wait in line for too long .
The food came out super fast .
What an awesome treat .
Honestly it was the rudest shit my grown ass has experienced in a LONG TIME .
It 's more of a lower key place ; definitely less touristy .
We used our access card and walked there last night and I must say this is one of the best meals I 've had in awhile .
The service at Turning Point was attentive , but not overbearing .
First , maybe because it was a Friday night that s why it took us a while to be seated , not too big of a deal .
I had no missed calls on my phone , so that obviously was a lie .
We got nigiri as a palette cleanser , I do n't think there was any vinegar in the rice at all ( which is what sushi means ) .
The garlic knots were ok , we felt like they were missing something or maybe a tad too much garlic but I 'm not sure .
The food and service are absolutely fantastic .
We were in town for a family funeral but next time we 're here , we 'll come back .
We had the egg sandwich and a smoothie , which were both SO GOOD .
We selected Frei Brothers Cabernet that was a bargain at $ 40 .
The design of the place is super cute and it looks pretty clean .
We waited over an hour for our pizza .
They were that good- tender and juicy !
I went from the Italian servers recommended dish and it was excellent !
The food was fantastic though .
The dining area is so fun with the Brady esque decor , and the relaxed wait staff really brings home the " comfort " feeling .
They said that the chef went home .
The sandwich was a respectable size and quite delicious .
My mom ordered the JustASpud , but added shredded cheese and steamed broccoli .
Thankfully the young lady at the counter was helpful .
A few of us opted for the mussels , which I heard were delicious .
French fries were good .
There was a prix fixe menu in play so my date and myself shared the courses .
She came back and moved the tables together , which we did n't ask her to do .
There 's honestly nothing wrong with Famous Dave 's and some people really like it ...
This place A been in my neighborhood ever since I can remember and they 've always been good people .
The Good Pie is one the best , if not the best pizza place in St.
Mentioned to our waitress , but nothing came of it .
I ordered the Farmhouse Breakfast , which includes eggs your way , two slices of bacon , potatoes and choice of toast .
We have n't found many other places in New Orleans where we could eat for under $ 10 each .
The atmosphere was great and our server was awesome .
The server recommended the cali kings , said we would nt regret it because they were really fresh .
Their Cuban Sandwich ( $ 10 w/ side ) was pretty excellent .
the food came out quickly and the staff was constantly checking on us .
The food selection is vast and authentic .
Its not your typical greasy pizza place .
The food took a little long , but it is mothers day , so they were busy .
The raw wood , the lights , the whiskey selection , the service - really the whole shebang .
The problem is , you ca n't seem to find them anywhere outside of the Lone Star state .
Really truly slow service .
We talked a bit , figured our way through the menu and placed our order .
It depends which one you go to .
I orderd the farmers omlet which had ham , bacon , sausage , and potatoes .
Do n't get me wrong , everything that we had tasted really good , but for comfort food it was n't comforting when I got the check .
Again , the BBQ Gulf Shrimp was simply the best thing I 've ever eaten in New Orleans .
Waiter came after about 5 minutes asking if I wanted water ( it 's Reno ! ! ) .
We went on a Tuesday evening and got right in .
The staff was very attentive and tending to everyone needs .
Really enjoyed the place and have became a regular .
The burgers were tasty as were the Belgian fries .
It 's locally owned and the owner was in the kitchen cooking !
Mazzaro must be an Italian word for we have everything , because they do !
The pork was hand carved from tenderloins recently cooked with fresh baked bread .
Awsome indian food .
A great place to eat for any occasion .
The meat was cooked to the point where it jumped off the bone and the grits ...
Note : if you call in your order ahead of time , there is a place to pick it up and you do n't have to wait in line .
All were fantastic - soooooo good .
There 's a separate steam and sauna in the locker room .
I will probably go back here ... but the prices were kind of high .
I 'm not a Starr fanatic by any means , but I find this restaurant really inviting and it is kind of a " happy place " for me .
The falafel was a little underdone and hummus tasted very different from usual .
I found the place spotlessly clean , and everyone was friendly to a fault .
We came during our vacation with 4 adults and 5 kids under 7 years old .
And the views of the city were awesome .
They were also having an event , and having just opened , I was a little worried .
My husband had a quesadilla , and my friend had mushroom enchiladas .
The owner was helpful in making my final sauce decision .
Had the short ribs and my husband had the lamb shank ragout -- both were delicious !
We loved the pad Thai and pineapple fried rice .
However , I did have a bite of my girlfriend 's pho ga and the chicken was disappointing .
The traps were active and working .
I had a small fried chicken salad while my husband had the wicked apple burger .
A wonderful night out !
The side of meatballs was anticlimactic , borderline bland as hell .
Ask for 12 tacos no lettuce , get them home , all 12 tacos have lettuce .
We had a BBQ Chicken pizza and a sausage pepperoni pizza , both small deep dish pizzas .
He came to my door I gave him another dollar and he demanded another dollar .
There are alot of good choices which means you will most likey go back .
The salad was pretty good , but the miso soup was super super salty .
I love ketchup & usually do n't like homemade ketchup but theirs was excellent Ca n't wait to go back ! !
I had the bacon burger and the appetizer cheese fries .
That 's right Tmobile , I 'm bringing you into this too- please do n't ever pair up with this place again !
First off the salad was freaking huge ! ! !
We watched 2 other tables get served before us and I asked about our food again .
Was nt really crowded and our waiteress was sugary sweet .
My girlfriend and I decided to try Kalamata 's last night at around 7:30 .
The food is freshly prepared by Chef Jay Witte and the selections are pretty extensive .
Truffle fries .
We were left alone for the most part and had to ask when needed something .
And the excellent service rounded out the whole wonderful experience .
Seems like a nice place to socialize .
I do n't even think it was hangar steak , it looked more like a sirloin tip .
We were told to wait for 10 minutes 15 minutes later was told it was 5 more minutes .
The macaroni and cheese is also delicious , so are the potato pancakes .
We made a reservation so we did n't have to wait .
We stopped into Nashville as a overnight on our way south .
The eggs were perfect again I just had nom noms the day before , and my 3 eggs from nom noms were cold .
A while later she returned with our waters and the rest of us got a chance to order a beer .
Boudin balls were ok .
We could n't get drinks .
( Btw , you do n't see any Asians eating here , ever wondered why , because it is not authentic food ! ! )
That surprised me a lot .
I got points with her because it was her birthday lunch , so she felt special going there .
I 've dined here several times but the last two occasions we received poor service and the food was underwhelming .
We ordered pizza with speck which was good but super salty ( and I love salt ) .
Our server was sure to remind us of this , she seemed to enjoy watching how gluttonous our table was !
The only complaint I have with the burgers are , they are very very greasy .
So this time I was there I was OK Po ' Boy time it was n't that great at all lacking seasoning big time .
Sushi snobs stay away , although the quality of fish is high and I have to admit it is tasty in a cheap American way .
The rice was extremely crispy and over cooked .
When we left it was around 12:30pm and the place was slammed too , so that 's a good sign ....
Later our order taker cleaned off the rest of the tables , and did a mediocre job of sweeping the floors .
Today they were n't too busy when we went in so service was prompt .
But the veggies in my salad were fresh and the basil in it was nice .
The guy came out and ask what 's the problem .
The only good thing about the pizza was the crust and the price .
The next morning we were up early , filled with expectations of the new adventures in New Orleans .
Sometimes you get a terrible waiter who is rude , does nt want to help and does nt do his job properly .
This was my 2nd time dining here .
The pizza , however , was pretty darn good .
Only green beans , that looked like edemame .
This is probably the best restaurant in reno , nv we have had a wonderful experience .
I think I had carne seca enchiladas , whatever it was , it was really good .
We learned all about her former employment at Starbucks .
The Bobbie is a fan - favorite , and my personal go - to .
Finally when they said okay the 3rd time it was just the four of us playing .
A nice broth with pork chunks , chickpeas , other things we ca n't remember and a fresh egg broken in top , very nice .
When we wanted to move tables everyone was eager to help and not at all bothered .
It is a small restaurant that is easy to miss , if you are nt paying attention .
We went here even after reading the bad reviews thinking it could n't be that bad .
Twenty minutes later , the bartender finally came by , and asked if I had received the catfish fingers .
My boyfriend and i tried out this place and we were surprised how good the food and service was despite it being packed !
The only thing I would say was a bit overdone , was the breading on the chicken .
Bummer , just moved to this area and this was my first visit to this location .
The steak and cake was great .
It was all in Cracker Barrel style , it was cool so the fire place was burning .
One of us had the French Toast with an apple confite .
I ordered it with a soft boiled egg , which was prepared weird .
2 15 minutes later , with others waiting for lunch at the office , no word on our order .
The grits was very good as well .
It 's a must - try especially for a special occasion .
My husband and I arrived and were placed on the wait list .
Very refreshing option from the local compition ( from what I saw at least ) .
Very clever stuff .
My breast was tiny/ w wing attached .
My son and daughter tried it first and loved the food so my husband and I dropped in last Sat .
I stop once we arrived on town heard it was great burger joint
The service was great and they got us to a table really quick .
The toro tasting platter was amazing- the fish literally melted in your mouth .
I live near abc and it 's one of our favorite spots for pizza !
My husband and I come here often .
Customer service was really friendly as well .
Fish and grits!Salmon cakes !
My husband gave the pizza a 7 out of 10 and my burger was just above average .
We were steered here by 2 different locals , a bar tender and a fellow working in a hot sauce shop .
The sushi rolls did not taste good either but they did n't taste bad .
We were obviously bothering them on a quiet night .
The southern carmel cake is my favorite .
The tables are a weeee bit too close together though .
Plus , it 's always a good sign when you see a ton of people waiting- Feel like it 's worth it , and it was .
After waiting in line for 30 minutes to be seated , we sat for 30 MORE minutes w no waitress visit .
It was still a fairly clean cooking area and everything was labeled properly .
I had the grouper and it was delicious .
Buffet selection was large but the gravy and clam chowder tasted pretty much the same , as did many of the dishes which was odd .
We asked our server to ask him to take a break and she was not thrilled but said ok .
Either way , unfortunately I wo n't be going back after this one .
It was really just a big bowl of noodles in hot water .
The chef provided us with a variety of starters and everything was good .
The vegan banana bread was good but seemed very dense to me .
The pizza is my favorite .
I would have been ok with it except the burrito was so puny when it arrived !
We tried 4 times , to no avail .
The bad news is that I was very disappointed in my burger .
This place wo n't last .
So I told her to take the damn food away , and the kitchen manager AJ came out .
They 're so addictive that I 've been craving them since I left the building .
And no , it was not a busy night .
No one even brought us water or asked if we wanted a drink .
Staff was super friendly and attentive .
All the food we ordered was great !
But , I just wanted to say that it 's not the greatest place to grab a slice for takeout .
The sandwich was packed and very tasty .
The idea of this place is great .
My wife and I have been coming to Paradise for many , many years and always have an enjoyable experience .
We loved the Greek salad and gyros .
All of the dishes are wonderful , but I have to tell you that the Antipasto is a must .
We tried the veg lunch combo and it was very well made ( healthy like a simple home made meal ) .
The issue came when we got our bill .
The place was pretty busy , even on an off time of day .
Told the delivery man my order was n't correct .
nice small dining room in the back .
The inside is clean and bright , with the walls covered in foliage , giving it a fun , semi - tropical kind of feel .
However , the broth was very very salty that we could n't finish it .
The bacon overcooked , hard and chewy .
I ca n't really speak for the food , as I am a vegetarian , but my husband loves it .
It was so good I actually wiped my clean , which I NEVER do .
The wait was not long at all give it was a Sunday around 10 am .
Okay , excellent place and though we waited there was ample seating .
I purchased a lemon cake for my husband and it 's beautiful .
The accompaniments were numerous and delicious .
We have been here twice and the dress is " smart casual " , whatever that is ...
No joke , like dumb & dumber style , written on a piece of paper , IOU 's .
Queso was good , but I just think there are better options ... I wo nt be back =(
Also , what major restaurant chain does not have WiFi ? ? ! !
An unpretentious throwback to Old World New Orleans .
The Royal Sonesta New Orleans is well located ( try to get a room overlooking the pool ) .
favorite restaurant in philadelphia .
Staff were friendly and the salad was so fresh and absolutely delicious !
Okay so my friend and I went here for margaritas and dinner .
Very good chicken .
However , the food was absolutely delicious !
But : the bites are pretty killer , from what I experienced .
Their selection of sushi is limited and the last time we were there we were not impressed and we probably wo n't go back .
It 's not our 1st time here , and we love it ! !
Do not make a special trip 'cause it ai nt special .
However , the rolls ended up being crammed into the bottom of a larger bag with our original order crammed on top .
Very cheesey decor , in a good way , and they have cute little booths to one side with pillows and stuff - very Asian - y.
The bacon was smokey and flavorful .
My husband saved the white meat chicken for me ( it 's usually my favorite ) and unfortunately , it was inedibly dry .
We shared an appitizer ( Wurzfleish - wonderful ) and a salad .
I had read from some diners that the atmosphere was quite formal , but not so when we went .
I was very pleasantly surprised by how good the food is .
He told me he had other complaints and the main reason was the removal of their plate warmers .
I have been here several times since I live right around the corner .
Overall definitely recommend this place and this brand of coffee - awesome stuff !
The waitress was rude .
The salad was the absolute best I 've ever had .
I only saw one half inch cube of avocado , but at least the sauce was yummy !
Crispy , honey chicken walnut was n't too bad
My dad requested we go here for his birthday .
Not sure on the food as we did n't eat here ...
So happy to finally get down there ; super yummy .
Dear Lord the biscuits here are heavenly !
The staff did try to accommodate us while we waited .
The fries were good , as was their cheese sauce .
From the outside , it 's not much to look at .
It was a great decision , since the food was super delicious and the customer service was much more friendlier towards us .
I do n't mind serving as a guinea pig as long as the food tastes good .
We also had the Vietnamese spring rolls that were delicious .
The music is loud and definitely not in Spanish .
The pie was ready when I showed up and delicious .
The beer list was fantastic .
The cauliflower side was really good as well .
I ordered a charcuterie board , little neck clams , oysters , Brussel sprouts , and the shrimp grits .
If I had any idea what they were going to bring me , I never would have ordered this .
This place is bleeding money -- if you ca n't get food out in under an hour , you ca n't turn tables .
The potatoes were probably my favorite , real and buttery and chunky , yum ! !
Odd hours .
The soups were amazing !
Wo n't really be ordering from here again or planning on dining in .
The environment was nice and calm .
It 's a big place , but rarely busy so it 's nice and quiet .
My dad did n't know how to get the stroller inside .
And we ordered on side chicken egg rolls the where really good too .
Hubby and I ordered and shared three appetizers .
I did n't mind it , though it sounded more like white noise than a pleasant burble .
I 'm not a huge fan of potato chips but these happened to be outstanding !
Our food came in a very respectable time .
The food was ok and the service was n't bad .
One of St Louis ' best restaurants !
Hubby ordered the Ciopinno , I ordered the steamers and we got a Margarita Pizza for the tiny human .
* Jumbalaya : perfect .
Wait staff was very attentive and great all around .
The pork sandwich was on the dry side but ok .
Sorry Yelpers , but I thought this Jose Garces restaurant was just okay .
We drank our dessert - Sazerac , again , and went on our merry way , feeling pleasantly mellow and satisfied .
I think I just ordered the wrong thing for my liking .
The place was fairly busy on a Sunday night .
Everything we ordered was surprisingly yummy and their portion is huge .
It does n't mention this on the menu so I did n't know to order it without sauce .
The food was just OK and not impressive .
The only negative I could find is the lack of an elevator in the parking garage and no wifi .
Offer us some water , or a seat at the bar or say that you 're doing everything you can to get us in as soon as possible .
Did n't really live up to my expectations I must say .
Sometimes it 's swimming in sauce , sometimes it 's almost dry .
Awesome and delicious with great and professional service ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Only a giant paper towel roll , not very clean .
In fact , after 30 min of running errands , it was still warm when I got home so it must 've been hot .
Entrees were seafood shrimp Alfredo and our friend and I had the steak .
We ate as a family of 5 and passed around our dishes .
We have dined many times at Dish .
At first I was willing to write this off as maybe a door was open by the loading dock .
The other issue was the amount of jetskies parked at the private beach .
It came out in due time only to find out I was not very happy with the food at all .
The service was quick and friendly .
Family tried 5 different meals and they were all great .
I could sit here all day talking about it , but you have to go for yourselves ! !
Our party of 6 arrived late to our reservation unfortunately because of the weather conditions that evening .
Make sure you get the $ 1.00 coupon from Indy coupons .
We had a beautiful view of the beach and ocean , perfect spot for a sunset dinner .
My dad picked the wine so I 've never looked at the list , but what he chose was good .
We split the duck spring rolls and catfish fingers for appetizers , which were also mighty tasty .
It 's a small , cozy restaurant , and our group took up almost half of the place .
None of the food was smokey , but the pork fell apart , as did the ribs .
Its a pretty cool spot but it needs to be managed better .
Good luck Poblanos .
It was light and had an idiosyncratic sour taste which I found far from displeasing .
My friends and I ordered four servings ( $ 8 per small plate ) in one sitting .
Friendly service , I asked for what they recommended and they were 100 % on point .
I ordered the vegetable quesadillas .
Most of the waitresses know us and are always nice and friendly , they greet us and even play with our kids .
My favorite place to pick up oysters .
We were really excited to try this place out as everyone raves so much about it .
I sat outside but it was too cold ... and so I requested going closer to a heat lamp .
We had six rolls and all were delicious .
I got my money back but what the hell ?
A group of my friends and I came here for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
The sushi was excellent .
It was pretty tasty , though I 'm pretty sure their secret is salt .
The rice pilaf was lumpy brown rice .
They were out of salmon skin , which would have been OK if they 'd told me from the get - go .
We went to an Ethiopian restaurant when we lived in Cali and it was okay but this one was 10x better .
This was the perfect spot for me and my girls to have our last meal before heading back home from our mini - getaway .
My wife had an omelet which she said was very tasty .
The food was fresh , fast and delicious .
Nice spot ... check it out .
The gravy was good .
My boyfriend , me and my mom ordered McAlister 's the other night .
Should have went with the bread pudding .
The fresh squeezed juices are an excellent compliment to the food .
Fish was cooked perfectly .
The place is beside a go - cart track , so that makes it a little quirky , but it 's something I have grown accustomed to .
I told her I would like to know the price and if the order is correct cause they have delivered the wrong order before .
The gumbo was awesome and loved the chicken & waffles .
It 's also right off the Interstate and it seems like its always got a steady crowd there .
But the best part was the chocolate banana martini !
Fortunately , the tables are close together so we made friends with our neighbors , and ended up sharing our bounty with them .
For our meals we both had the Benton Park , mine with Caesar salad and my husband with potato salad .
I ve ate here alot and this is my 2nd time that i ve had a problem with the service / food here .
I stopped by to try some food , unfortunately the lines were extremely long .
The atmosphere is cozy and elegant .
A co - worker & I decided we 'd earned a margarita the day after National Tequila Day , so we stop in .
The owner and his wife ( the waitress ) are extremely nice .
and when we got it - it could have easily been an appetizer .
Seriously great service .
We stopped here on a whim after driving back from Avila Beach .
Both pies were baked perfectly .
The coffee and tea are from local businesses in Tampa , which I really appreciate .
I was feeling lethargic after finishing the sandwich .
Took my girlfriend this time and she was equally impressed .
The service was fantastic and friendly .
I had the babybacks and they were pretty dry .
Its also a nice place for a woman to dine or grab a beer without feeling uncomfortable .
Then there was the poor service from the waiter I 'll call Bill ( cuz that 's what his name rhymes with ) .
Me and my husband were very satisfied with the service and the food .
We were ignored for about 10 minutes and decided to move to another booth in the front room .
We would rather have gone somewhere else for the prices we paid and the food we received .
Came here for lunch on the last day of our trip to New Orleans .
The young girls who answer the phone to take your order are always polite and pleasant .
Not a great experience at this place .
The obligatory side of ginger ( which I 'm not sure is really necessary ) was of the kind dyed red , completely unnatural .
* Oyster Po'Boy - I thought the fried oyster was great .
PS : Memo from prior visits , their wait staff can be a bit rude .
We love checking out restaurants on M street and Moto did n't disappoint !
Petersburg and ate here three times !
For a Sat night that should have been a big clue .
My friend had the lasagna which is huge and cheesy and awesome !
This place got great reviews , so we thought we would stop by .
Food was fresh & tasted great !
I loved that it was perfectly proportioned and I love every bite down to the last crumb .
The whole experience at this restaurant , including the service and cleanliness is a 10 out of 10 !
You can tell they use high quality ingredients , and the guy working behind the truck was super friendly !
I agonize over my beer choice because they all sound ( and probably are ) so awesome .
I 'm used to Mexican foods from the S.F.
I did n't take the leftovers , just rather them throw it in the trash .
We had a fantastic dinner followed by an even better dessert .
The special was $ 5 house margaritas .
I asked the manager to bring my concerns to the owner - which he said he would .
The calamari was very fresh and the burrata was good , but the breadsticks were hard to eat with the cheese .
It was n't thick and doughy , nor was it rip and tear material .
The bread and scones are first class !
We also had the pork and chicken- both amazing as well .
Also the food is always amazing , but that 's a given
Menu said it 's charbroiled ... seemed more like pan fried , and the meat was well done / dry .
We mentioned it to Ebony at the register that we paid for extra cheese and showed her the sandwich .
We ordered blood orange margaritas and they were strong and delicious .
The last few times we 've gone here , the rolls have been half done .
The miso soup was great , very flavorful .
I am very surprised by all of the bad reviews this place has received .
He was very nice and gave us some of the potatoes and other items to try from the crawfish boil .
We were greeted and seated right away , with drinks soon to follow .
I noticed there was tape on the benches where the leather / vinyl is wearing out ; this looks tacky .
It was semi warm , bland , and they must have been low on cheese that night .
The poached pear donut was ridiculous .
My Pei Wei Spicy chicken salad was ok .
Got to try the chicken spagetti and it was nt good .
It 's definitely a hidden treasure and probably my favorite thing in the Bellevue area .
This place is nowhere near downtown Nashville so be prepared to drive around if y' all wanna do some sight - seeing .
Overall my experience was good .
It tasted like there might be some roasted red peppers added in , but I 'm not sure .
So my friends and I drove all the way across town for dinner at 8 pm .
I , on the other hand , ordered a sushi bento box , and the sushi made me incredibly ill .
I remember being at the Meijer in Carmel and seeing Ming 's Wok across the street .
Oh yes , and the glazed donuts are so thick and dry .
normally I 'd doing them for not having gf options but they were so nice i m going all 5 .
Thanks for the quick service ! !
To follow in tradition , I folded my slice in half and was please to see the bottom of the slice cooked perfectly .
It was still a great experience though !
Food was all very fresh and well prepared and if the Hollandaise was from a packet it fooled me !
The attitude , eye rolling , and overall unpleasant demeanor .
Vegetable Samosas were delicious , chicken were slightly dry .
I do n't understand why people go to Moe's- I 've been to two different locations and the food is just disappointing - very bland ! !
So happy to have found this place !
For dessert we just had coffee / cappuccinos , which were very good .
This place was a great find .
Also tried pastries , dil pasand , samosa ( less oily ) and they were good too .
It was Swiss Haus- great treats for all and excellent coffee .
If they had taken the time to prepare everything properly , it could have been amazing .
The bacon was nice , thick , large slices ; slightly overcooked maybe but super good cuz I love bacon !
Good place for a quick stop but would n't go if there were other choices .
Came here with a group of friends and sat down right away .
There are TVs everywhere so it 's a great place to watch a game .
It was n't one of those things that taste like something , IT WAS SPOILED .
The Mexican corn was very flavorful and not too spicy , which I really appreciated .
The schnitzel was tender and satisfying ( I did add quite a bit of salt and pepper ) .
Then we waited another 5 minutes for coffee and 20 minutes for our food .
He got the turtle soup , pecan crusted drum , and bread pudding .
Lamb was tender the first time , then tough the 2nd time .
I had the jerk chicken , and it was the most amazingly flavored piece of meat I 've had in recent memory .
We went for lunch on a Friday and we 're seated immediately .
Muriel 's made my 25th birthday amazing .
the white pizza and thai chicken are my favorite .
Charles restaurants opening
The bakery is amazing , as is the deli .
Loved this place .
I told her I was vegetarian an she made the appropriate adjustments to my order .
The ginger beef was hot , tasty and satisfying .
She was delightful to talk to and hear about the restaurant .
The beef noodles was a bit too salty and the fried rice was a bit oily .
The neighborhood is scary I saw two drug deals go down outside so do n't come here at night .
The highlight of my wife 's $ 50 salmon was the hollandaise sauce and side crab , the salmon itself was thin and uninteresting .
The bread it came with was toasted and slightly burnt around the edges .
Best restaurant in St Pete hands down .
I ca n't thank you enough for making a great trip better for them .
The GF and our friend both ordered the carrot soup , which had nice depth and sweetness .
The food all came out correctly and within a good amount of time .
Green tea ( PHO PHREE ) was so satisfying , summer rolls and spicy peanut sauce were DELISH , and pho was PHONOMENAL !
Before we went my boyfriend and i did that ' hey , wanna try bites of each others tacos ? '
Very poor customer service .
Our waiter was a bit aggressive about this comment but eventually agreed to let us add one more person to our table .
After we were served the entrees the waitress did n't check back until we called for the bill .
Yet , no one even approached .
The food was excellent , creative and hardy .
Loved every second .
Once seated , our server Mike was below satisfactory at best .
Why make a big deal , Barra ?
I got the stuffed flounder which was delicious .
The roll of course was fresh and soft while the chicken was chopped breast meat with a spicy hot sauce and Gorgonzola .
The block party was a great experience , they had a stage and later in the evening there was a concert .
We were served complimentary soup and a crab roll for an appetizer .
This is so unfortunate because really their pizza is superb .
All I simply wanted to do was inform them to attend to it at the leisure since we were not going to be there often anyways ..
The restaurant is beautifully decorated and well maintained .
All in all , it was a lively celebration that neither I nor any of our guests will soon forget .
These are just the things that make Kanella uniquely special .
15 mintues after we order our food ahe is back to see if we want fries instead of rice cuase the rice is old ....
When I went to eat here they were cleaning the ceiling fans right over where the food was being prepared .
It was early , so we did n't have the sliders , but the donuts and coffee were exceptional .
All that was left was couscous and chicken shawarma .
The mushroom soup was good , the rest was downhill !
Great night out .
Two eggs basted with a sliced hot house tomato , thyme , garlic and herbs de provance .
The wings were great .
When I saw all of my Yelp friends had already been here and thought it was awesome , I knew I had to come try it out .
Fortunately for us , there was no long line or crowd , so we got seated immediately .
He even labeled our to go containers .
I ordered the margarita pizza , which was pretty good the pizza sauce is delicious .
An exceptional culinary experience ! .
They did n't skimp on the meat either , which is always a big turn off .
I like this place so much that when I met U.S.
We ordered 1 appetizer , 3 entrees , and 2 drinks .
Cabbage was horrid and the yams was really good .
I come from a very Italian family and whenever there is a family event , there is always Termini brothers dessert trays !
Then we ordered hot tea and when we got that we were n't quite ready to order so we said we needed a few minutes .
My wife ordered the red fish dinner and I ordered the steak dinner .
In fact , I was blown away .
She went over specials of the day and ensured that we had a great meal .
This is a secret gem of a place the locals keep to themselves .
the essence of the dish is excess .
The place itself is very small and very crowded , but good thing we were able to grab a counter space !
I sat down outside to receive the nice weather that we got blessed with and a good meal .
She apologized and said it was Tom 's section but that she 'd take care of me .
We had a great experience here .
It is a messy meal , but so worth it .
I loved this place .
The sauce was very watery and the vegetables in the two dishes we ordered were frozen vegetables .
The server was quite good , too .
If you ca nt find street parking , there are parking lots within close walking distance of this restaurant .
Our server did n't come over for 15 min , although we did get drinks from a busboy .
PS- it is byob , so do n't forget the wine ;)
The ox tail came with rice , cabbage , and fried plantains .
The meranera sauce tasted like it was old or aged too long ( if there 's ever such a thing , lol ) .
I go to Jones when I 'm nearby , but I do nt usually travel into the city to eat there .
The veggie burger was decent .
In a word ... AMAZING ! ! !
My wife an I headed down for a quick bite .
I really enjoyed the food , but to be honest I just was n't cozy there .
but they did not leave for 75 min .
It was the worst food and service that I had ever experienced .
The shrimp were totally plump and juicy and the grits were super creamy and just bursting in flavor .
I came here right when they opened at 11 a.m.
The broth was well balanced and flavorful .
I was convinced by hubby to try this place this morning and I 'm glad I did .
I would advise splitting , we did n't even finish our one salad between the two of us .
The quesadilla was n't bad , there were some spots though where the chicken was a bit tough .
the happiness ends there , unfortunately .
The restaurant is absolutely beautiful .
The Mongolian beef was supposed to be spicy , but came out really bland .
I wanted them to the well side but these did n't come that way .
Of course , what I ate was super dry without the tomato sauce and the burning ! ! !
I ordered the chop chicken which was a real treat .
we 'll be staying there next time :)
The staff was very friendly , answered all of my questions and had my food ready quickly .
What on earth is going on with this place ?
Food - by the time we received it was ok .
I love it so much I would even consider buying a franchise and take it to Miami ! !
The seasoning is unique and addictive .
I found this place by accident and had to try it ...
The good items were pancakes and omelets .
Not impressed today .
They have two nice bathrooms , too , and no one bothers you and they 're open late .
The menu is a nicely diverse selection of different things , none of which I can recall being bad .
The site 's web states it closes at 12:30 ; however , we went at 10:37p .... and they were closed .
Such a fun time !
I love John Besh and have really enjoyed my experiences at Restaurant August .
The steak was good .... but the rest of the food sounded way better on paper than it tasted .
Chatham Tap is my favorite place to get wings in the Indianapolis area .
We had a double take deal coupon from doubletakeoffers.com which was pay $ 15 for $ 30 .
The host proceeded to seat his friends who were clearly standing behind us before asking if we had been helped .
I so stupidly did n't even taste it and asked for some hot sauce , which they brought me in a dish .
We tried them at a few other places , do n't bother , everyone else was way too salty .
We had the escovitch fish , oxtails , and curry goat .
Each of us being on separate checks and had our own separate coupons .
We were made to understand it changes quite often and is always kept short .
We will definitely be back during the day because I 've heard the food is really great , too .
After an hour we started asking about our lunches ; at one point the servers said that our order was about 1/2 prepared .
It 's not that it was barely warm , it was cold as though it had sat in the hallway for a while before being brought out .
The great part is that they have a built in pastry shop built into the restaurant and also a bar on ther other side .
First tried it a few months ago after moving downtown and I was very impressed .
As for the meat chunks , they definitely did n't skimp out on the ox tail .
Our meals where flavorful and hot which did n't take long to receive .
I was planning on taking a dessert home , too , which makes me angriest of all !
And did I mention the super stix !
However , the blue cream cheese that was served with it was amazing .
We washed it down with a superb Pinor Noir .
they were swarming our table .
The owner was very rude and unwelcoming .
It was very cozy , well lit , and country style , what with the counter you can eat at .
We were not happy campers .
At the end of the night there was n't anything left .
I ordered the oyster salad for myself .
This restaurant came highly recommended & it did not disappoint .
Although we 've never dined here for dinner the breakfast and lunch options are great .
The drinks were also very good !
Visited twice , once on a Friday and the next time on a Saturday and both times i was treated to a super enjoyable fun night !
I told my girlfriend about it and after her first visit she and her co workers were also very happy with the food and service .
We just had dinner at Avalon on a suggestion from our friends .
Everything about this restaurant is Wonderful ! !
We ordered the ravioli app and beers and were impressed from there .
Yes very highly recommend this place
He ate almost all of his very generous two eggs ( more like three ) , his bacon and two HUGE pancakes .
Fennel appetizer was sensational .
Recently had breakfast here , which was the first time I 've ever been to The Roost .
This is my favorite taco place in Tucson .
No sarcasm needed .
The fried chicken was crunchy on the outside and wonderful on the inside .
But when my friends suggested to meet them here for brunch this past weekend , I trusted their better judgement .
When I arrived at 6:30pm - the restaurant had many empty seats .
The exposed brick walls are beautiful and the decor is inviting and comfortable .
The ambience is really hip , and it 's a fairly intimate setting .
He ordered it anyway and then wished he had n't since it had no pink at all .
We had one of the worst meals & I spent almost $ 180.00 .
And both iced teas ( both sweet and unsweet ) ran out as well .
Chaat wise had the crazy , papri and chicken tikka .
It is nice to know that places like this exist where the chef cares that his patrons have an excellent dining experience .
Did n't want to take up a whole table by myself so the host at the front found me a seat at the crowded bar .
Not sure if we will be returning , such a shame considering this was a staple restaurant for us :(
They were always attentive , despite the busy hour , and our drinks were quickly replenished .
The Gyro Platter was good the Greek salad was really fresh ! ! !
Santorini Greek Island Grill is the best place to eat on the UCSB campus .
I had eggs , toast , bacon and toast she had an omelette .
Very pleasant and straight - forward brunch cafe kind of by its lonesome in Central City .
Went here for dinner the other day and was not super impressed .
Worst dinner I 've ever had .
After a moment of reflexion , he took down my order which he said was " not on the menu . "
Nice location in the middle of Lahaska .
I had the huevos rancheros .
The owners Anthony and Elke live here in Seminole Heights and make everything from scratch .
Yori 's is clearly a good place .
My friend repeated the order three times .
The service was quick , and the shop crowded quickly .
It 's 4 am , you 're hammered , you 're hungry ...
They act like you 're a huge idiot for not knowing you order salad at one end and soup at the registers .
Absolutely abysmal service .
I 've driven by this place many many times , thinking nothing of it .
I really wanted to like this place since there are no
No one was impressed with the food .
The brunch items looked good and the service was attentive .
The atmosphere was clean and comfortable with a nice ambiance that I enjoyed as well .
I felt like they really catered to our whole party .
I had the black bean burger .
1 : Food : The chili cheese etouffe and the mang choux chicken are my favorites .
For our appetizer we ordered the red snapper ceviche .
The wraps , coffeee , breakfast burrito , scones and lemon curd are all very tasty !
But we were 7th on the wait list and waited over 2 hours .
First time my girlfriend and I came here and it was delicious .
One of my favorite rolls is the " Sexy Man " along with the " Fat Bastard # 2 " yes these are real names of their rolls .
They went above and beyond on a busy night to make sure we were taken care of .
The owner Frank is a very good guy and so friendly ! !
The food was amazing and I was happy with everything .
My dad clearly made the right choice when he ordered the coconut ice cream .
My only regret ... I forgot to get a pickle !
My other friend seemed completely happy with his vegetarian rolls .
Fast forward to today , about an hour ago , the g / f and her friend wanted to meet up for brunch , so we decided on coming here .
Ask for James to be your waiter .
We opted for a piece of the vegan banana bread to share .
My boss went with the oyster po boy .
I know truffle oil is used but that should not be the reason its so damn expensive .
Still , before I knew what I was doing I had wolfed down the entire thing .
Susanna Foo is a great upscale Chinese restaurant ; this ai n't your grandparent 's chinese food .
My wife and I have been coming here with our son for the last few Saturdays .
I said good morning to the girl who looked like she was mad at the world .
The only plus is that the waitress was super nice and made us feel right at home .
I 'm a fan , even though we do n't frequent chains , and I 'm about to tell you why .
They let me get it instead of potatoes and did n't charge .
We came to this restaurant at 6 on a Friday night .
I could n't decide what to order for dinner , but landed on the shrimp tacos and was happy with my decision !
I had the veggie burger and quinoa side salad .
Most people would complain but I liked the guy .
We began with the spicy feta dip ( the cold one , not the hot one ! ) and it was very flavorful .
The boiled shrimp were incredible -- a huge portion and SO fresh .
Only tried the hip city ranch chicken sandwich and fries but WOW were they delicious .
The experience was worth every penny .
The pizzas all 10 of them were delivered on time and were fantastic !
I have to say it hit the spot !
Best place to eat @ 30th Street Train Station .
As I thanked her for the food , I stepped out ...
The only wholly negative experiences I 've had with the place are the occasional rude employees .
I had my daughter 's going away party at The Depot last week and it was awesome !
Food finally came , and it was fine .
The raw oysters were good , although I noticed the shells were dirty .
We found ourselves in Santa Barbara UCSB graduation weekend , yikes !
The thing that did for me though was the hash browns , absolutely amazing .
They were very busy and we had to wait about 10 - 15 minutes for a table .
The pinto beans were cold .
There seriously was a huge selection of things to eat and drink .
It was mouth - watery and delicious .
Per usual , the assortment of banchan was equally gratifying .
On the upside , the black olive puree was delicious and the chimichurri was fantastic .
The restaurant is really cute .
It tasted like they made the roux and went straight to the cheese no milk .
I ordered the lox and bagel .
Our food came out at a reasonable time , leaving us a bit confused as to why she was lacking her customer service .
The only reason we stayed was to watch the Cardinals game .
Stax , the stage for concert of the convention center , and two other cafes were visible .
We reserved the lanes months in advance .
We ordered the plain fries too and these were crispy and not greasy .
We went here the other night .
The one and only complaint I had about this was the salt .
After reading the reviews , we had high expectations .
My fiancée 's cupcake was strange ! !
Went the other night in a group of 13 .
Dessert was great , I 'm a big chocolate fan so I throughly enjoyed the chocolate mouse cake .
I had practically sworn off carnitas because they are usually so bland .
This sandwich was very moist and very flavorful .
Food here was delicious !
I ca n't say I 've had a bad experience yet .
The burger was fantastic !
The food , hands down , is sublime .
It is seriously one of the best happy hours I have ever encountered .
Oysters were very good .
This is an interesting place .
The second time I called they said they had no record of my order and could not " find " it in the system .
The down side is they are booked up and somehow we squeezed in .
What a wonderful cause .
Wow I just had one of the worst experiences at Bareburger .
The duck on these eggs was probably 3/4 in thick- it was extremely juicy and was a very generous , flavourful cut .
I ordered a tongue taco and I sat down to wait for my order ; took pictures for yelp .
I can see why it gets crowded since it 's a great value amongst all the overpriced places in the area .
The lychee smoothie was yummy and actually tasted like lychee .
The food was hot , fresh and delicious .
I heard a lot of good things , but I did not enjoy the experience .
We only stayed for drinks as we had a flight to catch .
The delivery driver was friendly .
My favorite vegetable dish .
and meatballs , and the server brought out ziti and meatballs , Really ?
I just received my food and had to immediately come on here to write a review !
I could see in the kitchen and it was in shambles .
well , obviously not in the summer because it 's too hot !
Murph 's is a great neighborhood gem and a must visit when in the area .
One thing of note here ... the ordering system is extremely clunky and seemingly disorganized and I sort of dislike it .
We do n't give a daym about the wing .
The host , Eric , is amazing , friendly , and makes the trip worth it .
Eat like the French at Le Rendez - Vous .. enjoy good food and take your time .
The aftertaste is like eating a piece of fresh coconut meat .
If i did nt know it was made from peanuts , I never could have guessed .
It was mighty greasy , but mighty tasty too , and if there was dirt in it , it blended in with the bread .
The dish was seasoned well .
SO the pancakes were great .
Unsanitary and not worth the trip .
The dining area is messy .
That 's the only reason we drank as much as we did of those poorly made $ 10 drinks .
Terrible , terrible service .
It 's very expense at dinner , BUT WORTH EVERY PENNY ! !
This place does n't care anymore .
Everything was delicious and the staff was very friendly .
This is not a taco place , nor is it a tourist trap as another reviewer mistakenly and ridiculously categorized it .
We did not try anything from the bakery , but it all looked good .
.. this place sucks ass !
This was literally done in minutes .
The staff was good and very apologetic .
I do like the simple , unassuming atmosphere .
The food server was awesome and helpful .
They have a very interesting cocktail menu and we enjoyed our drinks , which came very quickly .
I was in a rush and ordered a beef taco and an enchilada ( boring I know ) .
There really is n't anything on menu that 's bad .
I was a bit confused about if I should or should not eat it , but it tasted fabulous , so why not ?
I m not writing a review just to write a review so ill make this short .
The interior was a little kitschy for my taste , the fake fireplace things in the booths .
I used to go here all the time for the lunch special , and it was a great deal .
The food was made to perfection .
The place is physically set up to serve Sushi on one side and the Hibachi tables are on the other side .
The only dessert item that my table semi - enjoyed were the brownies .
We had Tyrone as our chef .
I had Enchiladas Suiesse ( sp ? ) and my girlfriend had a carne seca taco and a cheese enchilada .
I also had the eggplant appetizer , and ... wow .
Had a smashing time .
The assistant manager then told me it was all my fault and I 'd be lucky if I got a couple pieces .
They gave me 3 piece with candid walnut and fig .
Moreover , a glass shard damaged my pants and scratched me from sitting on my chair .
My aunt and I were able to take home left overs for a $ 8 meal , which is always a plus .
The breading was soggy and tasteless and was non - visually appealing .
Food and atmosphere was very good .
A VERY pleasant experience !
Our server came , took our drink order and when someone wanted to order a draft we all had to pull out our ID 's , which is fine .
I like that they know me by name .
We got there shortly after the Range opened , so seating was not a problem .
16 bucks for one bite of salad that I spat out , six small shrimp , a bite of bread , and 2 forkfuls of pasta .
My mother took the bad service in stride and even left a % 15 tip .
If you do have a wait , it wo n't be long -- they turn tables quickly .
It 's the experience portion of dining here that caused such a low review .
Honestly , Caffe Primo is a really great place to eat and it well deserves the praises that I have
I ordered some wings ( very good ) just that they did not come out until my meal .
Crab Benedict caught my eye initially .
This was pretty ridiculous as the register had about 15 nickels in it and she just did n't want to be helpful .
They had sold out of everything else by noon .
The place was dirty ( garbage cans overflowing , garbage left on tables because the garbage cans could n't be used ) .
Luckily , I did find this place , thanks to Yelp !
Too bad ... what a gorgeous hotel to mess up ! ! !
They almost never answer the phone , but they answered it tonight and told me I had to be there by 9:30 , but they close at 10 !
Little disappointed considering all the stellar reviews .
Went here for brunch on a Sunday and it was delicious !
Rob had a waffle with pulled pork and declared it to be delicious .
The crystal clear , high fidelity sound quality make me feel like the musicians were playing right there .
I think it 's a really great option for the people who work on this west end of downtown ( note it 's closed on weekends ) .
The atmosphere here is very pleasant
The last two times I have been there it has been TERRIBLE .
Ghini 's is a popular place with a solid reputation --- and the bakery next door is a favorite too .
I ordered a smoothy and my wife ordered a latte and a parfait .
Bad move .
I went with a wrap while my buddies went with a sandwich .
My wife and I have a specific location we go to in VA .
And we are stuck in the back next to the bathroom .
I got the breakfast burrito and it was tasty .
Pickles & pickled tomatoes .
The wrap was fresh and good but nothing spectacular .
Sunday brunch was delicious .
My boyfriend had the crispy pork belly and clams pasta , which was just fairly bland overall .
The hot ginger tea was very nice and soothing for a cool Santa Barbara evening .
I took a bite and forked some of the lettuce , tomato , onion , cheese , pico into my mouth .
A little on the pricier side , but they 're always jam packed ; they 're worth it .
The thing is , should nt they prepared on a Friday night ?
Instead we got rice and beans , which were highly bland and disappointing .
The linguine was fine .
The wait was worth it , there 's a reason why there 's a wait , trust me .
Ill give this place 4 stars cuz of jason and his amazing recommendation and the ambiance at the bar .
One of my very favorite places to eat ....
Not a bad place to hang out if you had no other options .................... but you do .
We called back and she said that she would have to check with the General Manager because they have quizzo on Thursday nights .
We had heard about the 50 cent oysters and half priced drinks , but when I asked about the specials , it was nt mentioned .
He was very personable and certainly added to the enjoyment of our visit .
It certainly did n't seem a priority to get us our menus , but once they did , the service was pretty on point .
I always thought they should have given us some sort of discount for all the times we ordered from there .
Here is the breakdown : First , he took forever to come to our table and even take our drink order .
The atmosphere is very calm and clean .
We enjoyed a dozen oysters with our friends , they were awesome- fresh , clean , light smell of the sea , and shucked properly .
I live just a few blocks away , but had never come in .
My husband 's " Knuckle Sandwich " was delicious !
All in all the vibe was weird probably wo n't be returning anytime soon
We went last night , and it was as satisfying of an experience as ever before .
We only went for the little guy who wanted to see all the tacky decorations .
It was called the gyro picanti and it was the most scrumptious meat treat I can remember ever eating .
There was a band playing around 6 pm on Friday , we could not hear ourselves talk so we moved outside .
That 's a good sign !
It was late afternoon , so it would n't be surprising ...
My husband ordered the Kafta Burger and I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala .
And I have no idea why they 're sexy , unless the big chunks of tomato and garlic was part of the sexiness .
I think our servers name was Andrew .
We ended the meal by sharing a piece of tres leches cake ( which was fantastic ) and coffee .
We had the scallops , chicken spring rolls , and charcuterie board .
Fathers Day dinner was fabulous ! !
Well there was no lump crab meat and asparagus was almost none existent .
I had the pancakes and Bacon .
I 'm not a mind reader .
15 minutes later I got my food .
I was shocked to just walk in at dinner time .
Spicy potatoes - so , so .
And within this ADORABLE little city , on this ADORABLE street , is an ADORABLE restaurant called Red Pony .
Bartender comes out and seats me immediately .
I told him we had gotten pizza and that I just wanted to give him some feedback .
It was an excellent sandwich ( though I would have preferred a tomato and red onion ) .
We had the pleasure of one of the best dinning experiences in a very long time .
Food came out extremely slow .
I have to say , when you walk through the door and it smells delicious , that 's a good sign .
I was n't sure what door to enter , did n't want to interrupt a mechanic in the middle of an Auto - pay .
I really enjoyed the spicy sauce on the table .
Then to add her lack of empathy is what really pissed me off enough to write my first review .
My meal was tasty .
( The waiter said it was a 6/10 on spiciness , which is apparently the upper limit of my spiciness tolerance ) .
At least it was an entertaining night !
I took my group to Shoney 's for breakfast based on the recommendations of several people .
It 's consistency was way thicker than normal and barely warm .
rating , but the place was pretty empty at around 10:30 a.m. , so we got a spot by the window .
I 'll put BCD up there with St Louis ' best sandwiches .
The food was OK , but the experience was n't worth what we paid .
One word .... DISAPPOINTED ..
I wish I remembered his name because he was so nice .
We only went for drinks and some fries , so this is not a review of the food - just atmosphere and drinks !
We did have to wait for a while but the food was well worth it , customer service was also great .
The ambiance compared to the pricing was a little confusing for both of us .
We ordered the rock crab , chowder in a bread bowl and the onion rings .
It tasted so much better than real chicken - I could n't believe how they nailed down such a real taste .
It reminded me of the rice I used to eat in the old Greek diners in New York , very moist and full of flavor .
The pulled pork sandwich and collards greens were also very good .
It 's a great place to take the kids as well .
We were very pleased with our easier who took no time at all to give us our bill .
Everything on the menu looked good and we licked every plate clean .
Most places advertise spicy and it is n't .
The best way to describe this place .
My best friend and I are total foodies and truly appreciate a full dining experience .
The potatoes by the way were very bland and boring .
After a bit he checked in with us for our drink orders , and suggested a pizza size which he was right on to fill us up .
It 's a must if you 're in the mid - town Reno area .
The shrimp taco was decent .
The chicken was so over cooked and parts of it were inedible .
I ordered some Pho , Summer rolls , and the Basil Chicken .
My boyfriend ordered the choose 2 , the country potato soup and the grilled chicken spud .
I tried a bite , and the foie gras was pretty good .
We were in the upstairs large group gathering room , which was awesome .
We also enjoyed the siracha mayo and sweet and spicy hot mustard .
Jessica immediately made us feel at home and helped to explain their concept and certain dishes that she enjoys .
The falafel is amazing as well as all the chicken pitas .
They grab the burrito lay it down , scoop their hand into the rice and put it one the burrito and pat it down with their hands .
The mojitos were also good .
Went here finally w/ E - Dawg and H used to live in Verdi so this has been long time coming .
I guess that everyone had the same idea ?
The perfect spot to start the day !
I ordered a side of cornbread which was pretty dry ...
I need to to try el camino 's brunch .
Overall we enjoyed our experience but I would sit inside next time !
The outside seating area is BEAUTIFUL and overlooks the water .
The savory cheesecake appetizer was very good and the creme brule was too .
Apparently " no onions / peppers " means " extra of both " so in the trash it went .
If we 're ever in the Tampa area again I will definitely stay at the Grand Hyatt .
Then when we were finally seated I ordered the pancho nachos with chicken .
Then I got sushi which consisted of : tamago , shrimp , crab , octopus , and salmon .
Went to Aldine last night and it was fantastic .
The streets are narrow and cars are parked every where and also at any angle imaginable .
By the time he was done answering all our questions we were ready to order the entire menu , it all sounded so good .
The restrooms were small and generally uncomfortable .
It was bland and left a funny taste in my mouth .
I was satisfied , in part .
It came in half a coconut and there was SO MUCH ICE CREAM .
Do n't bother to place an order in person .
They were always checking on us and we did n't have to ask for our server to come .
Dined here last night with a large group from my neighborhood .
Maple Street is not on my usual weekend path , but I 've stopped by this bakery the last few times I 've been over that way .
When we ate here ( a few months ago ) , I overheard the owner telling a regular that she was getting ready to close the place .
I LOVE the gnocchi Fellini but I get it w/ Linguini .
I have became a fan of Earl 's Sandwiches through my many trips to Las Vegas every year .
Order came out hot & fresh pretty quickly .
One of my favorite places for an inexpensive , low - key dinner out .
They do n't really have a real functioning kitchen .
I was very impressed with my meal here .
The juice was lightly sweet .
I know , it 's not advertised as antipasto but c'mon .... this salad was boring .
If you 're here to " rage , " on the other hand , you 're in the right place .
I had reservations for two at 6:30 and I was seated right away within two minutes .
We were lucky to get a corner booth in the back .
Ca n't fault them too much because it 's a cocktail bar .
We did n't want to wait in line and wanted instant gratification .
The beef was chewy and the overly sweet .
It was the best 3.99 burger ever !
Our waitress was very personable and friendly .
When the pizza arrived ( sans cheese , as requested ) it was unremarkable , but edible .
The herb green rice was also very good .
The ribs were a nice surprise as Texas BBQ is n't known for that , but they were fall off the bone tender and seasoned perfectly .
The little dining huts in the outdoor seating area are sooo cute and inviting for this little spot !
I ordered the Frenchie sandwich .
It 's nice to have such good pizza so close to home .
My wife and I ate here last night , had the trout and bison ; both exceptional .
The patty was meaty , thick , and grilled perfectly with just the right amount of pink inside .
Last time : This is the second and last time my wife and I visit this place .
I have n't even mentioned dessert !
Their sandwiches are huge ! !
So my husband and I ventured up Broad St to check it out .
The long wait built up our anticipation of the food .
On the plus side , the CHULETA NORTENA ( pork chop ) was juicy and flavorful .
So disappointing ..... after living in the area for many years and ate there on many occasions I decided to stop for lunch .
Only the thin crust is vegan , but hey , that 's ok .
was my second time there , neither was impressive , memorable , etc .
The seating setup was a bit odd , for a party of 5 there were 4 chairs and the head of the table sat on a booth seat .
My table also had the key lime french toast , which looked awesome and tasted good as well .
- Food : We ate only at the lobby bar ( 1823 Lounge ) and Oystercatchers .
Their tastes were fine , but we all commented on the unexpected sugariness of the platters .
There 's a few tables so you can sit down if you want to eat in .
They have my vote .
We went back for the same reason as in 2011 - we thought this was a different Italian Restaurant .
They ate the inside of the po - boy and said the taste was average .
After 20 mins , I had a feeling he would n't be coming back .
I hate to say it but we were wondering if the doughnuts at Schnuck 's would have been better .
The wings were a bit salty and was n't hot at all .
There was a healthy amount of crawfish in it as well as good sauce and cheese .
Do n't tell my mom , but it 's better than the bibimbap I grew up eating :O
It was interesting that the sour cream and the guacamole that are inside the burrito , were both at opposite ends .
I had the gumbo which was ok .
The prices were really affordable .
We got there a little after 10:30 am , and the waitress said the wait would be about a half hour .
I tried some of the others which were the Ariancini , clams , and mussels .
The restaurant was a little loud making it harder to hear , but overall great place for a date night .
The hostess knows to put us with Bob before we even open the door , but all the people there are great .
The service is amazing as well , as the two ladies who run the restaurant are extremely personable .
I will return to Olio and also want to check out the pastry shop across the street , Choquette , which was closed that night .
We opted out of the remoulade .
The lines for the bar were long , and our dinner was mediocre .
remember that feeling of anticipation when you were about to head to disney world for the first time ?
And we got seated at two separate tables next to each other .
I also loved the ambiance here .
We stopped at the bar on our way out to dinner and the bartender gave us 2 drinks on the house as well .
Not a great decision honestly .
Ca n't remember the name of the burger I had , but it was topped with pork roll , onions and a fried egg .
It was packed while we were in there and people continues to come in whole we were there .
Everything else there is also high quality .
We did n't eat the Chinese food ( I will come back and update my review for that because the menu looked good ) we came for sushi .
I brought this to the server 's attention and basically got a shrug .
Oh - the specialty cocktails were interesting and refreshing .
Both were very well designed breakfast items .
The pillows and the bed was great .
What a charming place .
But the best part was the wait staff !
I was thinking to myself I might have been better off sitting at the bar , which was reasonably full .
Cash Only , they do have an ATM
I wanted to love this place but with so many other pizzerias in the area I wo n't be going back .
I went in & bought one piece of hummingbird cake & one lemon bar to go & it was $ 19 .
I stopped here after a long drive from DC .
The handful we dealt with were very friendly , but would do well to be a little more attentive .
Everything was tasty , the atmosphere was very pleasant and the staff were great .
I do n't know if it was the best pizza I 've ever had , but it was very good .
She came back with my bill , which included both rolls .
I came here in a group and they were very nice about accommodating all of us .
We also ordered a side of plantains for $ 3
Spot is on West Girard Ave and I was able to find parking easily and close by on a Sunday night .
The food was excellent , the atmosphere was cozy and perfect and all of the staff were fantastic .
The servers were very attentive and the staff were well trained in providing quality food and cleanliness to their guests .
My pineapple fried rice was ok .
I gave them my address the 4th time .
I ca n't vouch for any other meals .
The taste of them was ok , nothing to brag about , but what was inside the roll was anemic .
The boba was just ok .
I 've been to a few other Greek places in town that had better food , but for a night out , Momo 's is definitely the choice .
Half eaten and half came home .
The ambience was relaxed , though the service was very prompt .
I just ordered a Cobb salad from the monitor which made it easy to swap out the blue cheese for feta .
We had my bridal shower here and the event turned out great ! !
Normally I love hot chili / salsa , but this one kind of left my mouth numb and it did n't really have a flavor .
I seriously ca n't remember what my wife had , but it was a chicken dish that was amazing .
The one downside is they have some nice seating outside , but it overlooks Oracle that feels weird .
This is the most sucky experience I ever experience ...
The mollases butter on the cornbread was " to die for " .
The pork was also dry .
I noticed a kitchen staff going outside and coming back with a large bunch of fresh mint .
I do admit the hours they are open are few , but it was worth it .
This was a very good dish .
Despite the long line that is often snaking around the outside , it moves really quickly so do n't leave !
I asked the waitress if they could write " Happy Birthday " on her plate and they did .
He said it was delicious , and after trying a bit , I agreed with him .
The lamb dishes were particularly good .
This time , my pals and I got the garlic bread .
They only take cash though but there 's at ATM in the restaurant .
Customer service was great , very courteous .
Ca n't go wrong with saganaky and the gyro ! !
But still tasty ... customer service was good ...
The gyoza was a little surprising .
The waitress asked me what kind of beer I wanted .
We stopped by for lunch , got here early around 11:15 , good thing because the place was packed by 11:45 .
I got the fried green tomato stack and steak .
what a great place to eat .
Service was slow as Hell compared to the night .
I ate the lobster bisque in a bread bowl and a crab sandwich .
Though the placed was packed my wife and I were seated right away .
For me , it was odd - all roux , with not much seafood , chicken or sausage .
Something happened the past couple of years .
Standard mozzarella , tomato , basil , balsamic .
We came here for dinner on the recommendation of a friend of a friend , who loves it and has been here multiple times .
Much of the menu is an exact replica of Coras which is kind of boring .
We finished off with the black sticky rice and fresh mango , sooo good ...
This hotel has a great location close to Reading Market and the room is very clean and comfortable .
I know everyone raves about this place but the chicken biscuit was pretty gross .
And this place is truly divine .
I love this place , my favorite item is New York Olive Bread and their home made potato .
Very grateful WAWA has employees like him !
What did n't end up all over my face clearly went straight to my butt .
the owner did arrive finally when i was second in line and he actually took my order .
After waiting for roughly 25 minutes , a spot opened up at a sit down counter , adjacent to the bar .
Many of the dishes come in three and four pieces so sharing is caring !
I love the music they play here and the vibe is so friendly and inviting .
The food is very mediocre .
As expected for a weekend , it was crowded .
The service was really good , Tatiana kept us happy and did her best .
Cons : prices are a tad high for dinner .
Sals is our go to place when we are not sure where to go .
Yes , I am secure enough in my own sexuality to say " Olive Tapenade . "
I 've only been to the 4th st location but would imagine DTSP is the same .
She was nice enough though , and checked on us an adequate amount .
We politely gave him our drink order again , and after at least five more minutes , we still had n't seen him again , and we left .
I wo n't write about how inappropriate it is to begin a customer service call with skepticism .
The lunch menu I was presented with had one option which I was interested in and that was the People 's Choice Cheesesteak .
We loved the food , service and decor !
It 's about what ended up being a visit to our fourth choice for burgers in Nashville .
There were so many choices on the menu that it was tough to choose .
Much appreciated , Hulkster .
We had reserved two additional bay side rooms and 1 island view rooms .
The flavor , the sizes for the price , and the service at the other place was much better than my experience at Pho An Hoa .
The Lutz location served my daughter a drink and a complimentary roll right away .
I had spicy sweet potato and it was excellent .
The staff had lots of suggestions for family friendly happenings which was much appreciated .
I changed my order to the Udon Noodle Salad .
I loved the food I ordered ..
People were being turned away all night as on this Saturday they were very busy .
The ribs are transcendent .
My husband and I enjoyed it so much that during a 5 day stay , we ate there twice !
We had such a blast in our own private area .
We were in New Orleans on vacation and was told to try this place .
The wait time was a little longer than anticipated but it was certainly worth it .
The other reviewer is right-- the sauce can be hit or miss ... but when it hits ... you are in heaven .
We enjoyed the spicy tuna rolls , crab rolls and a crunchy roll .
I have had the catfish , bbq , chicken , veggies , hamburger- it 's all fantastic- ca n't go wrong with any meal here !
Our server ( maybe Elliot ? ) was great and reminded me of Crispin Glover / Cillian Murphy .
We went at 6 pm with a group and could n't hear each other talk .
The owner has even come out and sat with us , she is super accommodating and personable .
My server was deep in concentration as he ensured perfection of the salad .
The crust was a relatively thin one and quite good on it 's own .
That was my first mistake .
This one is very good ! ! !
Thank u guys for making my experience great
I worked here for 10 years and was let go after the flood for no reason other than we do n't need you anymore .
My friend and I had dinner here on Sunday .
Great happy hour .
The beef kabob ( koobideh ) is beautifully seasoned leaving it also so tender and juicy .
i got the rice bowl with salmon and it was okay .
Chicken was nicely grilled , your choice of topppings / sacues , pretty neat .
At this point , I was really hungry and had hoped we were at home eating ramen noodles instead .
We really appreciated that our food was made after we ordered it , rather than being prepared hours before .
All in all , other than the al fresco seating and the wine , our experience was subpar this evening .
When I asked the manager who brought me my food back if they microwaved my fish I was told NO .
I had a traditional margarita while my mom had the carriage house margarita .
THERE WAS A HUGE ROACH IN MY FOOD !
Very friendly worker .
I ordered the penne Roma ( no peas or mushrooms ) and a water .
We noticed right away after sharing 3 rolls that we were not bursting with fullness as usual .
Solid BYO - we both had the Mushroom Bisque to start which was creamy and a good start to the meal .
You wo n't go into an Applebee 's or Chili 's expecting to be taken care of .
The food was good , the drinks were good , he scenery was good ...
Our server , Julliette , was very very nice to the children and draws a very good ketchup blowfish .
Man , I have to say I was disappointed after reading some of the good reviews on here for Pomme Cafe .
I felt bad for the band who commented that we were leaving .
After he got our first round of drinks this is where things went down hill .
The sauce was excellent little sweet and a little spicy .
I ended up throwing mine away because I could n't get by the after taste of every sip , which to me tasted like ... tree or grass .
Glad to have visited this place .
The deep dish is almost a religious experience here .
The bar was fairly empty when I went and they had already stopped serving food , which was kinda a bummer .
Never been a big fan of this place .
Very roomy in the general area .
The vibe is just a little uptight .
I strongly suggest the red sauce ! !
This hotel is great if you want to party on Bourboun all night nad have your bed not that far away .
All of our family / friends are still raving about how much fun our wedding was .
We stopped in for the crab and it did not disappoint .
I ended up stealing half of his !
They were suppose to be spicy , but I was told they did n't make them spicy that particular day .
The food ( bento box lunches ) was good , but it was n't amazing .
We read some reviews here on yelp and still could n't be certain we were making the right decision .
This place is grand and is only about a 1 minute walk from my home .
Angelina is cooking in the front of the resaurant and her husband is servicing .
Watched the million dollar come out , and the other items , and I would not have picked wrong on any item .
Sitting next to a bug zapper aside , I think the Wildflower Café is a great place to eat .
And , for those who do n't feel like even stepping out of their cars , there is a drive through .
Went back for the lunch buffet , and was very disappointed .
The crispy chicken sandwich is absolutely amazing ! ! ! !
I normally LOVE Bailey 's Range , but tonight was extremely disappointing .
My husband and I came in on a Sunday afternoon for a beverage and app before going to the Aquarium .
Her biggest complaint was that it had very little garlic sauce .
The woman behind the counter was very helpful and willing to answer questions .
We arrived around 8 and were surprised we had to wait 30 mins to be seated .
The weather was about to get bad , so the g / f and I decided to order some food to go before the storm came in .
Just ordered delivery tonight , food arrived so hot and delicious we were so impressed .
Ate dinner at Pinocchio 's .
Chargrilled oysters were everything .
it was to die for , and my leftovers the next day were just as tasty :) service was amazing and wine was perfect .
It was 4 of us meeting for lunch and we met at 11:30 to make sure we could get a table .
BUT Good atmosphere and drinks ! !
Also , just because you 've " been around " does n't mean you are a cheese expert .
I should have asked for it on the side , but I did n't expect it to be like that .
The corn bread was not what I expected , a bit dry but enjoyed the spiciness .
The meat in the pastor tacos was tender and savory and my Vuelve a la vida was amazing .
The drive - through was defectively designed and constructed - it is too narrow and too winding .
Truthfully , this is a cramped space , but the help and food make it worth the visit .
It 's an experience for sure !
Great service by the lady who came see had we been.waited on .
We ordered a burger and turkey sandwich .
The tofu was expertly cooked and the entire dolsat was flavorful but not too spicy .
I do n't know if I 'd call it cake as it was mostly frosting lol !
Our waiter was helpful and spot on with his suggestions .
I was just there last night .
Meh , a decent place to get your greasy food but they 're pretty disorganized and will likely get your order wrong .
I ordered chicken Parmesan and after about four bites I realized my chicken was raw !
No deep tissue massage ? !
They did put a lot of effort decorating the dishes .
The only downside is that it 's slightly pricey ( but a nice treat ! ) and occasionally crowded because it 's so popular .
Stop by Ashe Cultural Arts Center , across the street , when you are in the area .
Others have said it on this page , and it 's 1000 % true .
We arrived around 0930 on a weekday and it was packed , but we found the last 2 available seats .
There are a few tables but I would n't go there for a sit down meal - unless I did n't live nearby .
The restaurant opened and I was shocked it was nearly impossible to get a reservation .
I told her I wanted to order the kabob instead , and for some reason she said the manager had to come talk to me .
I had the salted caramel donut and it was so delicious .
Dry and scrawny little things .
The burgers were good ... a little greasier then expected but good .
This guy really got into it and would n't have noticed if the roof fell in .
The prosciutto was incredibly tasty .
Best course was the first one .
We went upstairs and saw a foyer area and two rooms to the right .
My wife and I went last night for the first time because we are considering moving to Seminole Heights .
The waiter did not bring me a knife and fork , which was his second strike after the missed hummus .
The line moved quickly and food came out after a short wait .
my husband had the tri - tip sandwich , which actually turned out to be sliced roast beef - weird !
My bowl was great , but I 'm thankful my son did not eat his .
The food was awesome and so was the service .
All in all it was a great experience and we most certainly will return !
Dinner here last night was abysmal .
I 've tried everything close by and that 's right .... a food truck wins ! !
Nice sit - down pizza spot in the Loop area , near Washington University .
What we Iiked is that the chicken fajitas were not over salty .
This is n't Giordano 's or Lou Malnati 's but it is the best deep dish Nashville has to offer .
There was also a salad bar and a sauce bar .
My how things can change .
Just do nt like the sauce .
I ca n't say enough about the food and the wait staff is unfailingly cordial and efficient .
the jambalaya and etoufe were mediocre , the mojito was horrible as it was all sprite and what little mint it had was BROWN !
We 're from Iowa so we 've had good beef .
Once the server realized it she delivered my food to me quickly .
The salad was very fresh and even had freshly made croutons .
We had to wait a few minutes to eat them .
This is my new favorite joint .
They were very busy for Mother 's Day but the service was great and it did not take long for our food to arrive .
My friend found a parking spot pretty easily too up the street from Pi .
We both ordered frozen margaritas and they were pretty strong !
There 's a seating area outdoor but if it 's too hot , there are limited seating inside by the coffee bar .
The presentation was gorgeous with some of the fish rolled into rose shapes .
The decor is open and very welcoming .
I noticed it as I was picking my purse up to leave and found I had set it on a HUGE web .
The guy was on his phone while i tried to get his attention , then my car smelled like cigarettes .
About midway through the experience , it dawned on me -- " ... is this my burger ? "
Nice little quaint spot .
The best I 'd ever seen or tasted ( I 'm no Japanese food ' pro ' though ) .
Like drinking an orange .
You might think , oh , they did n't have space ...
We have talked to you at your stand in South Philly , and the restaurant across the street .
And it 's byob do n't forget !
fan freaking tastic .
Chicken tastes like carrots , just like the onion .
We had a party of 8 .
We ordered a chicken salad , a burger , a wrap , boneless wings , and a kids mini corn dogs .
Everyone knows what a Subway sandwich tastes like -- meh .
I think this place is over priced and unless you have a coupon , it 's not worth it .
I wanted to give it another chance , though , and I 'm glad I did .
I added bacon to it .
There were seats around and a mac desktop playing music .
The drink station was pushed back into a corner and the food prep area seemed bigger than it needed to be .
It 's a nice change of pace from the rush you get from the French Quarters .
I did steal the pile of steamed kale from my husband 's plate - why could n't they offer me kale ? !
Best spot to eat in Doylestown .
Also it was fried , and covered it cheese- the cheese was probably the best part .
I ordered the Tuna Tostada and as much water as possible .
When I was an itsy little thing I would come in and buy individual Swedish Fish for a nickel a piece .
We were really thinking that we were in for a good dinner until the entrees came .
The owner was EXTREMELY nice and very helpful in making recommendations .
Had a fantastic birthday dinner at Besito last night with my husband .
The French toast and grits were my favorite thing about the meal .... for some reason the omelet just did n't do it for me .
I went here and the food was amazing .
Three members of our party ordered this dish and everyone made sure to have a bite of it .
The sabzhi ( sp ? ) , a vegetarian dish , was exquisite .
I must have been really hungry to think the food here was that good .
The service was just ok and so was the food .
Conveniently located in walking distance of Wino for after dinner drinks .
The musicians were amazing .
She said if you come back now I will refund your tip , I told her I already left and ca n't and will not turn around .
Dave was very nice and explained the menu , the dogs were whipped up fast and were delicious , hit the spot .
# ourshorelife took ourselves to IRB Sushi for a Saturday evening family feast .
We went here based on the reviews and I LOVE IT !
highly recomend going
We went on a Friday afternoon .
Wish it was closer to our house because I would eat there all the time !
Fellini 's is much smaller but the food is almost exactly the same .
First , the staff everywhere throughout this whole building is NICE NICE NICE .
good choice of menu , food came here quickly and was delicious .
Hubby and I were in the area for a car show and stopped by for a bag of chips and salsa to go .
I consider it disrespectful to serve food on a dirty white plate .
The shrimp corn chowder soup was delish also .
Tip : stay away from window seats during cold seasons ITS COLD and very uncomfortable when trying to enjoy your meal
So , overall , good times .
The pasta was not home made nor was the dessert and the veg .
The small shop + no chairs = awkwardly standing there for almost a half hour .
Both stalls have saloon styled doors ( 2 halves swinging freely in the middled , hinged on either side ) .
We both had steak , and it was pretty darn good .
My mango lassi was the perfect level of sweet and refreshing .
After a little back and forth she said she would take care of it and that " they were n't trying to screw us . "
We had tried gumbo elsewhere , Muriel 's gumbo blew it away .
It was my first time there and I really liked the atmosphere .
Lovely local shop .
The thin crust is yummy , the veggies are cut perfectly well and the tomato nice and thin .
I went to try it and he nearly stabbed my pregnant paw with his fork before allowing me a ( small ) bite .
I do love this hipster haven .
The word bland was used by both of us with every part of both our meals .
Yesterday was the 2nd time I have ate there , both times late in the day .
I was in the mood for pizza , so I stopped in at Mod Pizza , in Oro Valley , Az .
Now every time I come to get a crepe he asks me if I 'm in a bad mood or not which makes me feel very uncomfortable .
Hope you enjoy your meal and the pecan pie !
Update : happy hour .
The lamb meat was very bland and the cucumber sauce was nonexistent .
A nice place off of State street .
My mother and I went on a Monday morning around 9 am .
The shepherd omelette was amazing ! !
He said it did n't taste that great , and he had an upset stomach for most of the rest of the day .
It is with heavy heart that I write this review ... In the past , La Collina has been one of my all time favorite restaurants .
:) One of my preferred places to lunch with someone .
Neither the eggs in the quiche or the biscuit were very fluffy - they were both much denser than I would have expected .
We got a pepperoni pizza and the Regina pizza .
The staff did n't want to move us .
The room was spacious and clean , although the bed was a little less than comfortable .
Again , we were pleasantly surprised - the food and the service was great !
There is no sense of urgency .
The service was outstanding , very professional and attentive to out party .
Loved how relaxed and personable the wait staff are .
The owner was friendly and helped us through our first visit there .
Walters trio enchiladas where terrible and the rice was uncooked , gross .
That 's just bad business .
I do n't know what it is but BB has cast some sort of spell on me .
I feel like I am in a tropical place on the adult deck .
My partner got a breakfast burrito - it was meh , nothing special .
Ordinarily I 'm not a fan of the shotgun restaurant approach , but in MetroCenter it almost makes sense .
I 'm so happy I found this place !
When I told the woman , she said it was my responsibility to disclose my dietary needs .
I sat at the bar ( like I do every chance I get ) .
Just a fantastic dining experience .
The restaurant is cute .
They did bend over backwards to make our stay a good one here .
The drip coffee was surprisingly good .
We ordered a single steak burger with bacon as well and it was standard / as expected .
Applebee 's is n't really my thing , but I had a gift card , so we stopped in .
He told us the history of the restaurant and gave us some good suggestions .
Good effort in architecture , but we wo n't be back .
The beef in black bean sauce was nice and spicy .
I had the stuffed mushrooms and they were burnt .
Room was spacious , well laid out and very clean .
The ribs were a bit dry and fell off the bone in one bite .
The roll was bad .
The he gumbo was much better .
Allegedly everyone else at the table enjoyed their food but it insect definitely spoiled the mood to say the least .
The filling was almost like Twinkie cream , but , it was terrible .
I would definitely recommend the latkas ( ! ! ) they were really delicious , and come with a great apple sauce !
I 've only become recently acquainted with the dining options in the Northwest neighborhood of Nashville called German - town .
The oil was n't too heavy but the greens were lightly coated , which helped the grated pecorino cling nicely .
The service was awesome too .
BUT the pork belly udon noodles were seriously awful .
The place is small and tackily decorated , which I actually do n't dislike for a neighborhood thai place .
Only certain bites of it were flavorful for some reason .
I really wanted to like this place .
A few standouts though were the sliders and the deviled eggs , and the cocktails were delicious .
The staff were great and very friendly .
I give 4 stars because bravas , Brussels sprouts were great !
Our family returned for breakfast again this weekend and the food and service was again impeccable ...
It was a bad one , but like at every HRC management did EVERYTHING to make sure we left happy .
they stated they were too busy and did n't have time EVER to mail them ....
I was glad to see that their menu had a very nice selection of different foods .
We are not native eaters and the waiter was patient and helpful with us ordering .
They took forever to bring out the cheese plate and then forgot to bring us plates for it .
Every time we go we leave 100 % satisfied .
We encountered a short wait but were called in about10 minutes .
This was one of my favorite places to eat pre Katrina .
I ca n't count how many times I 've seen him berate paying customers , get into loud , heated arguments , and throw people out .
The food is kind of slow coming out .
We have been specially driving to Scottsdale to eat at that location .
We had the opportunity to stay here last weekend .
Been almost a year since I 've eaten at this place , so an update is an order since we had an early dinner here last night .
The ribs were so juicy , the meat was literally falling off the bone ...
We drove 2.5hrs just to try this place .
Bar back is well done with a large TV in the center taps to the lower left and shelves on each side of the TV .
A little heavy on the blue cheese for my liking but overall was really good .
Not only n is the beer terrific but the food is amazing .
Great service - and what a great town too !
Most of the time the staff is very standoffish does n't come over to check on table to see if we need anything .
Waiter was responsive .
We visited from St Louis MO and love trying places we do n't have in our state , so this was awesome and definitely recommend it !
The shrimp salad sandwich was very good as was the BLT .
I love this place I love this food very good the lemon chicken wings the whole chicken everything is excellent
We tried to keep a good amount of cheese left to dip our entrees in , only to find out , we were n't allowed to .
So , the first time I went I got what I assumed was just going to be a tofu platter .
It 's thick and chewy , cheesy , greasy , wonderful -- it tastes the way pizza is supposed to taste !
Like I said , we 've been there multiple times before , but this place has just gone down hill .
The greek fries are amazing and so are the potatoes !
My daughter is 5 and during the dinner the waiters played with her !
The dressing was a home made honey vinaigrette I believe .
I 've been wanting to go for a while and it was worth the wait
Either they have closed completely or changed location , but their doors were locked and all the lights were off .
Big bummer .
And I said : there was no bouncer .
Having tried several greek places in the area , this is my most definitely my favorite .
My wife and I each ordered off the 3 course meal .
the inside looked like someone 's grandma 's dining room .. floral wallpaper and floral tiles adorned the walls ...
Bruschetta topped tilapia had only 8 small pieces of diced tomato on it .
Oyster was delicious but the drink itself was God awful .
We 're pretty oblivious , but if you 're easily distracted by the conversations of others , its hard to avoid it .
We shared some garlic naan which was fresh and flavorful .
The best part , however , is all the food they have .
The spicy fries tasted like Herr 's hot chips .
All the steaks including the filet & carne asada were flavorful and tender .
They had a very impressive selection to choose from .
The to - go boxes were stacked one on top of the other , with a loosely tied string around them .
Some things never change .... and that is a good thing .
10/10 best pancake place around ! !
It was extremely filling , but I also tried a bite of the pain perdu , which was divine as well .
But the dinner was bland and tasteless .
The service was excellent and prompt and the food was Amazing !
The breakfast potatoes were just fried cubed potatoes , basically square French fries .
It 's been a while since I 've come to this La Colombe , but it hit the spot on a chilly evening after a day of exploring .
Overall this place was really good .
The duck fat fries were great .
I do n't eat no vegetables !
Even though it was only about 9:30am when I went there , they were somehow already out of some ingredients .
Drinks were overflowing on the table as well
Beware that the sound of the various waterfalls can be really loud in the greenhouse from your room .
Overall though , I was bit surprised about the value we got from this place .
Bagel was a bit thin ( which I like ) and very soft .
I thought maybe I was being picky so I let my boyfriend try .
The feel of the place is unabashedly friendly , and I felt comfortable hanging out there with friends from jump .
When our food arrived , I was definitely impressed with it ( which made up for the last not - so - stellar lunch order I placed ) !
It 's reeks , is filthy and the staff is rude .
To sum it up , Chickie 's and Pete 's is a Philadelphia institution and always a good time .
We finally stopped in this weekend for the Sunday Brunch .
We did not have the rotisserie since that was an added price but everything coming around looked fantastic .
The waitress asked if we thought it had too much grenadine .
Yeah , that 's the last time for us .
We had a wonderful breakfast here on a friends birthday .
The decorations in the place is very modern and charming .
My favorite is their simple Italian sub .
We ordered a non spicy fish .
They stood over us and every 30 seconds were aggressively telling us that we had to decide on something or get out .
He knew a lot about the menu and had great suggestions for items that would suit our tastes .
They were all engaging and seemed to know a lot of the customers there .
The main reason for the perfect five stars is what topped the whole experience for me : the dessert .
By the time she got a new piece , everyone else was done dinner and they did not offer to take it off or even a comp dessert .
The only bad thing is that they do n't have a good A / C system .
Our food did not arrive until noon !
Tables are left messy and we actually had to wipe the food off of our table ourselves .
This restaurant was attached to our hotel .
Just after filling our drinks , the ice ran out in the drink machine .
Seemed a bit light on the chicken .
The pita bread is so fluffy and perfect .
The salsa seemed like it came out of a jar .
What a rude and disrespectful representative for calicoes ..
This is a fantastic place for breakfast and lunch in the French Quarter .
My husband and I had been looking forward to trying this place out by was quite underwhelmed with our experience .
Next time I 'll skip the Monte cristo and the madam .... they were delicious , but the others were to die for .
The desserts were good as well .
The presentation was as exquisite as the cake itself , complete with a signature box tied up in ribbon .
The service was wonderful and the staff was very personable !
I was very dissatisfied with this place .
The room was nothing special .
You took our names and phone numbers and promised action but I have yet to hear from management .
The server was helpful and friendly .
I 'll definitely return for the rosemary fries , and my fiancée will return for the very good house burger .
We brought a cake and many family and friends and it was just great .
Soup was fresh spicy and delicious !
Our drinks took about 10 minutes to come to the table . Our blood orange mimosas arrived in lovely custom glasses .
The soup was bland and had a weird pulp texture and the grilled cheese was overshadowed by 2 giant pieces of bread .
So glad I found this gem :)
Service was attentive and friendly but not overbearing ( which I find to be the case sometimes in the South ) .
My only real complaint I have ( and I have with all restaurants really ) is that the child seats felt and looked gross .
I organized a farewell lunch party here for my office and it was just great !
The food was atrocious .
Overall a decent experience , nothing wrong .
We started w/ the vegetable dumplings which were huge and flavorful .
Recognized as one of the nations top restaurants this is understandable .
It was perfect for a rainy evening .
We each got a side order of fries .
The attitudes of the evening workers is very dissatisfying and disappointing .
The day was perfect for outdoor seating so we pulled 2 tables together .
The place was hopping , there was light jazz played live , the drinks were amazing ... the food OUTSTANDING .
Oh and did I mention it took 45 minutes after we finished our appetizer for the entrees to get there ...
The chips were homemade and fantastic .
The soft tofu is stewed and put into the dol sot pots which each and every stew feels like it 's custom made for you .
I went to Sabor del Caribe and had a totally awesome lunch today .
Finally , I ordered curry .
The salsa was okay .
Kinda deceptive , still , I d go back .
As for sides , I got the potato salad and collard green , both were very good .
My wife and I visited this restaurant for lunch .
It came with two very small pieces of bread with a small amount of goat cheese but absolutely loaded with pesto .
Received my food quickly and the employees were very polite .
The Noble Margarita was the best margarita we 've ever had .
They are unaware of the menu , they act like it 's a burden to help .
Some guy was sweeping the kitchen floor as the other staff were doing food prep ?
I came in and there were Korean ladies working there .
I actually paid for my order , walked out and threw the burrito out .
Only food complaint was the bacon was way under cooked ; needs to be crisper .
I had the bone marrow plate , and it was very good .
I got the lemongrass tofu which was ok .... I wo n't be returning to this place .
Service was great , food was great , and everyone in the place including staff seemed to be having fun !
We sit down , and I immediately ask for a simple ice water with lemon .
I mean what can you say about them ... They're donuts .
If we came back into town ...
The manager James was amazing and very helpful .
The service was very good as well .
I had the caprese salad and my date had the ahi tuna salad .
Mr. B 's is that white table cloth kind of place and the servers all look like they are in suits .
I had the catfish , mac and cheese , and jambalaya .
For the kids- hot dogs etc .
The mac and cheese was outstanding .
a homemade red velvet cupcake with a candle , which LOOKED amazing , and she thought was delicious .
Honestly , we would probably go here more but it 's just a bit out of our way as far as local places .
The sushi is horrible .
Absolutely terrible food and service .
When we finally got seated , the waitress was very polite , but forgetful at times .
I prefer the outside seating because there are more space to put your dishes and you get the view of the ocean .
Better than my mom 's , for sure , and that 's really saying something !
The staff were completely incompetent and rude , I should have just got up and left at this point .
We expect it to be crowded every time we go -- which is is .
chipotle , cotija cheese , plum tomato , and roasted garlic .
MIne arrived cold and the meatballs were dry and tasteless .
The concierge was very helpful , as was the front desk staff .
It is with a heavy heart that I have to write this review .
And they did not add the blue cheese ...
The sushi , rolls in particular , was priced a little higher than your average sushi take - out , but definitely worth it .
The french fries were good but nothing special .
Good things - the prices are reasonable adn the service was fast .
The hamachi and pear was delicious and super delicate .
Dana , our server , patiently explained the specials ( a few times over ) cause we could n't make up our minds .
The staff was so kind and made me feel right at home .
The first time was n't good .
The yellowtail roll was pure flakes and no fish .
We got the pad Thai and pad see ew , both were saucey and delicious .
My favorite deli in the area !
We got to watch the chefs in action .
ambiance was low key and welcoming .
The liege waffle : my favorite item we ordered !
We had to send back some of our orders .
We ordered two main dishes : Chicken Makhani and Lamb Korma and both were amazing .
As it seems others know all too well , the service was abysmal .
I ate them for lunch today , and they were delicious .
I do n't understand shitty service .
Via Marconis is always a good time .
Chef Pitsillides kept the illusion going with his typically Mediterranean hospitality .
I feel this spot is the perfect W.
Highly recommend this restaurant !
Then they asked for our drinks and we replied water .
Four neighbors went at different times and all had the same opinion as we did .
The down side : servers are testy and it 's pricey .
Its a 2x2 sweat box from the kitchen and you could n't move sideways in there if you wanted to .
This is the best food I 've had the whole time we 've been at Nashville .
Then John suggested that everything was probably gross by the time I got home .
He intended to go wash his hands when our meals came out so that they would have plenty of time to refill the soap .
It 's a cool place to people watch .
I had the chargrilled oysters , seafood beignet , and blackberry jalapeño ribs .
But when I took my family to Jack Dempsey 's this weekend , it was the worst service I have had in years .
This is n't the case with McDs , Jimmy Johns or Arby 's ( all very close by ) .
My fiancé ordered the meatloaf and It was amazing !
It was like dining out in the past .
The Bloody Mary 's were excellent but the mimosas were more OJ than champagne .
The flavors were so good , and I quickly devoured the juicy sandwich .
I had the half oyster po - boy and a cup of seafood gumbo and it was delicious .
My husband got banana foster pancakes which was delicious !
Finally our food arrived and the wrong dishes came to the table .
The owner is also the chef , she came out and introduced herself and personally invited us to the events this weekend !
I 've tried the other couple of places in KOP , the small one off Route 1 , another in Mt.
The place a filthy disaster .
We showed up for our reservation and were shoved off into a back corner somewhere .
My family really enjoyed their meals too .
SOOOOOO GOOOD .
We basically licked the skilled clean .
I felt like they got an easy $ 50 bucks out of me .
The outside decor is cozy and elegant .
Pizza was very good ... we had two types of pizza .
We ordered the prosciutto pie and Nutella dessert pie !
A friend had grilled chicken greek salad and the chicken was plentiful .
He dropped that tactic , and explained that they 'd normally deliver the corrected order , but I was too far away .
The onion rings - a little greasy , but very tasty and crisp .
Everything was quite nice on my most recent visit from food to service to overall atmosphere .
Enjoyed our meal at Szechuan House last night .
I ordered the al pastor dumplings and the miso ramen .
The eggs , grits , & smoked sausage were nothing special .
I grew up in this neighborhood and would never come here at night lol .
Had mini chimis as an appetizer and thee were tasty ; two each beef , bean and chicken !
The food was fresh , hot and seasoned well .
We have been to this location many times and always have a GREAT experience .
Only think we enjoyed was the live music .
The place is a symbol of great dining .
The mac and cheese was runny and tasted like raw flour from and undercooked roux .
Everyone who works here is very personable they make you feel like family .
I subbed out tomatoes for spinach , added mushrooms , and had gorgonzola for my cheese ... oh my !
My god , the combination of the creamy , sweet flavors exploded like fireworks in my mouth .
And that 's exactly what I ordered today .
The food all tasted the same !
Just a tad confusing .
They 'll give you their honest opinion .
My boyfriend and I were walking in the city , saw the catchy sign then decided to stop by .
Then she used her dirty hands to push my slices into a pizza box .
I really liked the concept and the quality of service .
Five minutes later , on my way out , I noticed that there was a sign on the hazelnut coffee , which I imagine said it was out .
There was a little confusion in the portions ...
The chicken was melt in your hands and then melt in your mouth good .
I love raita .
Its slammed at lunch but worth the wait ...
Previous reviews described the poor service here , though I did n't find that to be true .
She stomped away and was abrupt to ever person that came to her register next .
The different choices are sometimes exotic , but alway delicious .
We went for the lunch buffet and it did not disappoint .
They were clearly prioritizing the paid drinks but it was obvious and rude .
We came with the family for a late lunch .
The chicken wings were a little over cooked and overpriced .
We paid cash thinking we can kill him with kindness ...
We ate about half and left the rest .
It really did put a damper on the evening .
Loved the sausage and potatoes too !
The name : They call this place a resort but that is , by far , a misnomer .
I always enjoyed their wings but here for some reason were so soaked n hot sauce they were dripping down my arm .
The foamy top was exceptional , and it was beautifully presented in a shot glass that allowed us to watch the foam settle out .
The food is filled with love and flavor .
We ordered the popcorn chicken and pork cutlet bento .
When we left at 9:45 the line was around the building .
I was very fortunate to have a co - worker bring two of us 4 of the most beautiful soft tacos ( beef ) & it was soooo worth it .
The waitress was fine .
The hubby and I had the CA burger and the teriyaki burger with a side of fries .
The lamb shank was very good , the roasted lamb was good .
That 's the way our server explained it to us .
Josh was our server , what a great guy , on the ball , very informative , no is not in hos vocabulary .
Very poor experience , the waiter was very rude .
I received a gift certificate for this establishment and was glad I did .
This is our " go to " place !
We had a few issues making reservations .
If you do n't like spicy , though do n't try the wings because they were HOT !
+ The appetizer / small plate list is interesting and the perfect price .
It had a nice little kick of spiciness to it .
When sitting , the countertop came above my chest and I was n't able to rest my arms comfortably .
There are some nice tables outside but we got here after the sun went down so we ate inside .
Its 1.99 extra but well worth it for the amount they gave me .
It is a real gem !
I also sampled a variety of pastries - key lime , lemon , cheesecake square , and coconut .
I really like the ambiance .
Such a convenient location , especially if you live in the quad and the fact that they are open 24/7 is a lifesaver .
I was craving a burger , and since we 'd driven past this place a few times , we decided to check it out !
My husband and I ordered the shrimp po ' boy and the salmon spinach salad and shared both .
Just a heads up , my burger got a bit messy to eat , but it was worth it .
Listen , they totally got the basics and cheaply too .
As a member of the Southern Arizona Concierge Network , I was dining at this El Charro location this past week .
Once the band started I was so impressed with the sound level .
Was told to wait and 15 minutes later I got my plate .
Baklava and mint tea - I do n't really like baklava in general , but this was really good .
Finally , the beer list was impressive considering the dive - y nature of the place .
Also had an Omelette w gruyere , sausage , caramelized onions .
I had planned on " saving it " for later but by the time I got home I had to dig in .
I thought the flavor was excellent , and the egg was the perfect amount of gooey .
The food was excellent , no complaints at all there .
The drinks were fantastic and well worth it !
There was a large group next to us and they seemed to handle that well , too .
She let us know that the brunch menu libations were , her words , 2 for 1 .
I had the nutter butter ice cream and my boyfriend had blueberry cheesecake ice cream .
The etouffee loaded fries were really great .
Nearby our place which is convenient .
The raw oysters were good too , you can really taste the sea water in it .
The sauces at the tables were fabulous .
After receiving our drinks , the waitress ( named Leah E. , according to our receipt ) never came back to us .
When ya walk in this place it 's like stepping back into the 1950 's .
( Also , I 'm completely under describing the following . )
The bar was completely full when we came in and there were two decent sized groups in the seating area .
My wife and I LOVE this place .
My wife and I love this place .
We were visiting Nashville and so glad to find this little place on Yelp !
He had crunchy tacos with beef and I had the corn taco with chicken .
Very unpleasant experience to want to return .
I enjoyed my visit there .
We got a simple Caprese salad that was divine , as was the bread served with it .
Finally , the worst offense was that the guy starts closing up shop while we 're still eating .
They found my key waiting and handed it to me , so I was literally only about 3 minutes from the shuttle to the room .
It was called the Mango Kimchi dog .
When the waitress saw the certificate , her attitude completely changed .
The two stars were earned by the hostess , who was lovely and apologetic .
I am not a big pizza person and do nt eat much pizza though , so my review might not mean much here haha .
Honestly , I do n't know what all the hype is about .
At least I got to know people a little better , which was the whole point of the mixer !
Was a little too late so we got lunch .
One of the best place to eat in the city and region .
1.it was very easy to get a table , even though I only called 45 minutes before we wanted to dine .
My husband got the rib eye and he said it was AMAZING !
But the lobster meal we had was super well worth it .
They also have a few vegan meals on the menu which are delicious ! ! !
20 mins later , we noticed the list filled up fast !
Since it was so early , we had great service & the waiter had good suggestions .
Went with the fam for dinner the other day .
I 've never felt so insulted , and never before experienced this sort of treatment from a restaurant .
Next time be discrete if you 're going to be eating while cooking ..... geesh
Muriel 's used to be one of my favorite restaurants and I work in the quarter and recommend it to hotel guests ALL THE TIME .
I had the tacos and my wife had the brisket platter .
It 's a great place for locals and worth a trip if traveling from center city etc .
I ended up visiting the restrooms and they were clean and smelled good .
We also had the calamari and the dipping sauce was excellent .
The location is convenient , because there are n't many choices in this area .
My eggs came out over easy when I asked for over hard .
Diane , Renee and Paige are the best ! !
Awful coffee .
Just not friendly at all and seemed put out to answer some questions .
Arbys needs to take some advice from
The server we had was excellent and came to us from time to time .
The hospitality and warmth of the servant 's hearts is felt as soon as you walk in the door .
After our server delivered our food he never did check back with us .
I REALLY cried when we shared this cocktail : The Brooklyn ( Dad 's Hat rye , Luxardo cherry , white vermouth ) .
I went in around 5 PM on a Saturday , so there was no crowd .
They added venting vacuum on top of each small table , so the grilling was less smoky .
My friends seemed to enjoy their orders of Burritos , Gaucamole and enchiladas .
After messing up all 4 of our orders the waiter got mad and started cursing ...
We did n't make a reservation , nor did we think we needed too , since it was a Monday night .
I found her pushiness and comments to be a little rude but I let it slide .
Overall everything here is just sub par .
The meat practically melted in my mouth and the mango flavor was bright and pure .
For pastries we chose the Cream Horns ; while they were quite pricy , they were certainly delicious .
It was both of our first times trying Mole and I think this was the perfect place for us to try it .
The orange chicken we ordered was very flavorful ( albeit strong MSG tasting ) and the other entrees were flavorful as well .
I m more of the food trucks and hole in the walls type , so this was different than what I m used to .
Still and yet , the food was really tasty .
Price was moderate , you are n't going to break the bank , but its not super cheap either .
The server was helpful and knowledgeable about the menu .
We had a party of 14 to celebrate a birthday and the service was excellent , the food was amazing !
We also had the salmon tartare special , was n't my cup of tea Bc it had too much mayo in it .
Two hours later we arrived for dinner .
While we dined , there were 10 dirty tables waiting to be cleaned .
It was my first time there and the staff , service and food was PHENOMENAL !
I know people RAVE about this place , but frankly I find it A - OK .
There are a few patio tables / chairs where you can dine in as well .
Unfortunately for me I am afraid it is now a bad memory .
Even though it was Mothers Day , The wait was short and Karen , or server , was attentive and upbeat .
When we left at 5:30 , only about 5 other tables occupied the restaurant , with only two in the main dinning room .
Took a little staycation sometimes u need that .
The place is impeccably clean and the services was very friendly .
And last but certainly not least , our server Dan was super attentive and helpful .
A few years ago my parents , my brothers and i went to this restaraunt for my birthday .
We only tried the pancakes and the pecan waffle , but they were tasty .
Of course I was excited anyways because I 'd never had Chicago style pizza before .
I had the waffle , which was fluffy and perfect , and home fries which were nice and smashed and crunchy .
It 's located in a strip mall , which made us a little leery at first , but it was all around an amazing experience .
The first time we went , we had a hard time finding a way in and almost left .
I said something to the manager who did nothing but say " that 's how it is . "
It was devoured promptly by the hungry football fans .
Every doggone bite .
No problem , we will just sit here and pick out the ' green ' things that are normally part of the onion family .
I do n't know how they did it , and that cup was an accomplishment in of itself .
Then , we finally visited Prohibition Taproom : it is a true beer place !
The food was great , the kids enjoyed it and our waitress was very good .
My friend and I picked the first 2 wraps on the board to share .
They are always very prompt , professional and with a smile ! !
This cafe looks very nice from the outside and the interior is nice too .
The games are right next to the tables , so we had to shout to be heard over the clamor .
I never heard of candied jalapeños til now & they were heavenly .
When we got our check , I noticed that I was charged $ 4.50 for the substitution of the side order .
My order tonight was literally inedible .
We ordering the teriyaki chicken and teriyaki shrimp ... both were brought out sizzling hot and perfectly seasoned .
Simply the best bivalves I 've ever had ... ever !
Food is just OK ..
They did n't even make the car ride home - gone !
I also really liked his onion rings & how they have a thinner cut to them .
Pork loin was so yummy .
It was good , smelled like strawberries but tasted nothing like them .
The other 2 were not , and I only ate 1 piece of each .
The food was good , and I could not believe how inexpensive it was .
After getting settled at our lane , we ordered a few drinks .
I got a sushi dinner and my boyfriend got the hibachi , they were both wonderful !
Sorry I ca n't speak for the food I actually was getting a to go order for me daughter and tasted nothing .
The tortilla chips were too thick .
Large Cuban , it 's a total gut buster !
I liked the rocking chairs on the porch - nice touch !
I 've never been treated so badly here for so many years .
The sipping chocolate is divine .
I was in Indianapolis on business and walked to Joe 's from my hotel to watch the Super Bowl ( they have a wall - sized screen !
I got the coconut shrimp .
Other food served to our party was generally good and enjoyable .
To the side of the fountain drinks there is a complimentary bread station with butter and jelly as well .
We ordered seafood and chicken po - boys and a bowl of seafood gumbo .
( Specially the seafood gumbo , there 's none like it elsewhere ) .
Really interesting place .
They presented 8 little balls of fried crust covering the smallest , mushy oysters .
The prices are reasonable too ! ! !
I ordered the pulled pork tamale and it was very good .
Another slight error was the miscommunication between the waiter and the chef .
Highly recommend this bar , it 's my spot for sure ! ! !
They had a slightly lemony taste and the potatoes were cooked just right-- not too crispy but not mushy either .
The place reminded me of the old Ohio bar / restaurants I used to go to with my grandparent who were smokers and drinkers .
Only ate at the Irish pub after reading Yelp reviews that said it is the best of the bunch .
All in all it was a fantastic family - style meal .
The sushi is the " BEST " in this area hands down !
I came to Philly for a weekend trip with my bf , and remembered how great Marrakesh was from years ago with my parents .
Overall a fun place to be !
We decided to go with oil instead of broth because that 's what our waitress suggested and I did n't really like it .
We 've eaten with friends who introduced us to Modesto 's twice now .
We just paid $ 1.16 per bite for nothing .
Over the years we have sat in different sections of the restaurant including the trolley car .
Fries : B 's not a huge fan of the fries .
And do you guys really like when they sit next to you and act like they want to talk .
The hot sausage poboy was excellent .
The raw oysters were probably the freshest I had on my visit to NOLA .
It 's too bad , because the hotel lobby is beautiful and the lounge was a fairly nice place to have a cocktail .
These plates were meh .
I stopped by before a parade and met with my family who were visiting from out of town .
As usual the food and service were awesome .
I used one of the $ 5 off coupons direct mailed to my home .
I told the hostess we would be having a drink elsewhere , and to please keep our name on the list .
He apologized and said he would keep an eye on the guys on the grill .
Side salad came out wilted and gross .
So , I ate the dressed salad .
Hard to mess up eggs ... food was good .
We ended up getting the Carmine 's trio ( crab cakes , scallops and toasted ravioli ) .
You have to sit by the bar area but it has a few TVs so it 's entertaining at the least .
There were six of us and everyone enjoyed their meals .
I highly highly recommend the oysters !
So to the food : Although it 's billed as four courses there are a few extra amuse bouches that mean it 's more like a 6 course .
Glad it was only 15.95 only had half a plate and I was turned off .
For that price .. I should 've gotten both .
Awesome little cruise around the Tampa waterways .
This is a nice restaurant white tablecloth & napkin .
All I know , is that next time I 'm going , I 'm getting the Fish + Grits , and there 's nothing you can do to stop me !
We expected to wait in line , typical for Nashville , about 45 minutes , so no big deal .
The best part about our meal had nothing to do with the restaurant .
Baked beans were the best I ever had ! !
I had the grilled seafood mix and it was all dry and overcooked .
My favorite pub in center city .
This continued for about 10 minutes .
It was n't bad , I certainly would n't have let anyone pay full price for it though .
There are better places in Fairmount for lunch , and they wo n't serve you poop , either .
And that is saying something because there are many , many pizza places in the Carmel / Westfield area .
The actual eggplant ..
We told them about it , they took it away and served us what we ordered 20mins later .
They were late , we called them multiple times and the manager would not come to the phone except on the last try .
Food was amazingly good .
Never tasted a latte like this .
We had my husbands birthday there .
The BBQ chicken was the crowning moment for me .
Had the seafood plater and WOW they piled on the fried goods ! ! !
My friend got the fried chicken , mac and cheese and a biscuit .
Overall , an excellent experience !
My friend ordered the pork pastor and it was delicious .
The mussels were tender and the sauce was okay but it was nothing spectacular .
But because it is a new establishment the lines were very long and it was a little hectic .
The hoagies were awesome , we even had some people fixing to - go plates and hiding their hoagies .
Service was n't as attentful as we wanted on a slow day , but was alright .
From the start to finish the Tavern was enjoyable .
He simply stated that all the rooms had not been cleaned .
Our server seemed to be doing a good job of avoiding us , so we had to flag down someone else to get them for us .
Of course this is a chain , and chains do what chains do .
Today the service was completely horrible .
The wings everyone is talking about are so delicious .
Anyways , the burgers were so good !
The setting is modern , rustic and comfortable .
This kind of weird setting ( in a ghetto strip mall , next to a crappy Safeway ) is what Tucson is all about .
My bf and I searched Yelp for a good hookah spot and we saw that Aladdin had good reviews .
The service was disorganized and the staff appeared overwhelmed even though it was only half full .
We asked our waitress what was special about theirs and she said that it 's the sourdough in the dough .
Strangely , I thought this was going to be a good thing -- lots of people to promptly bring us food and lots of drinks , right ?
It was my first time going to this place .
I walked in at 8:30 and , as soon as I got to the counter , the guy said to me " kitchen 's closed . "
Went with a party of 8 .
What a fun time .
We tried all 3 gummy bears and my favorite was the mai tai .
Our family of 9 - kids , parents , grandparents - just visited Biscuit Love for the first time .
Admittedly , my fave thing about this joint is the decor .
I definitely did my fair share of Shazaaming and " I got ta go back and listen to that album"-ing .
However , after a closer look , we realized there actually was about 5 different types of sushi all with slight variations .
Her face immediately changed , she said " oh ... " , and handed me 3 menus ... for 8 people .
Under the C was a seafood market ( clever play on words ) that sold pre - made food as well as fresh seafood .
Everyone piles in right there with their necks cranked up to look at the menu .
Minus one star because they forgot to put the bacon in my omelette and because it was freakin ' freezing up in that log cabin .
But felt remorse for I had just finished coming from the gym but the sesame roll was undeniable .
I ordered ham and pineapple pizza .
The service by Malik was outstanding ! !
I had to help separate the rice noodles at the bottom due to a lot of clumping .
A friend of mine recommended this restaurant when i told him i would be in new Orleans .
We love this place , it 's awesome .
Overall , this was a pleasant experience with friendly staff and outstanding cuisine !
No kidding , he brought 2 packets .
We had an early dinner around 5 and it was pretty empty but filled up as it got closer to 6 .
A good omen .
We did get carry out , so we gave some slack on the mushy , greasy onion rings , and the Texas toast .
Lots and lots of mostly fried seafood .
I returned and got their gnocchi and it was amazing as well .
I had the gumbo and the crab claws .
Probably the the worst place ever still did n't get all that was ordered ! !
First visit in 10 years and wo n't be going back .
There was only one item on the menu that we thought we could eat , a vegetarian ramen bowl .
It 's a fun way to eat .
The guy who is working there is totally lazy and he wo n't come to ask you for water .
We had the best time at this little find .
I had the burger .
I 'm telling you he 's a genius because why do I choose to come here over any other place on campus ?
It was interesting to see the cute wired sign and pink wall .
As a frst timer the waiter told us a lot about the loyalty program .
My sister and I stopped in a couple of weeks ago .
It was near closing time , I do n't know if that had anything to do with it .
Channa masala was good .
Waiter is unfriendly ..
The tomatoes were actually cooked almost perfect a few were alittle dark but still delicious .
Its an awesome place for a vegetarian person , staff is friendly and food quality is also good !
I was n't impressed with the food .
The sushi is HUGE and Sam sets each plate perfectly : sushi , soy sauce , wasabi , ginger , orange .
Make sure to get it heated , because they heat it " Cream Brûlée " style and that 's the best part ! !
Barely any ponzu sauce and the tuna and salmon were sliced in correctly .
The coffee was fine .
And we shared the amazing Bananas Foster pancakes , yum ! ! !
No big deal but I would 've ordered anything he recommended .
A hot spot of a little gem !
We did n't get any water , or even a hello for at least 15 minutes .
There were only two picnic tables outside to sit at .
There was a family nearby so I had to be careful to watch my language .
Love that it was a great spot for a family to eat breakfast .
Everything about both burgers was awesome !
Nothing special about the ambiance but it was clean .
Marras in south Philly is probably my favorite in the city .
Sent back and exchanged for chicken tortilla .
At this point I could n't take it anymore -- the game or the wings -- so I asked for my check .
A disappointment to say the least .
Bridgewater 's is the best bar for 10 blocks in either direction on Market , an important street in our fair city .
It 's almost comical how AWFUL the service is at the Exton location ...
Overall , all 8 of the people in my group left the restaurant dissatisfied .
There was no line when we arrived shortly after 11 am .
I ordered the Lüke burger .
Brunch is fantastic , too , and an even more affordable way to enjoy Kanella .
This was an excellent excursion .
The wait time was standard- I do n't recall it arriving early nor do I recall being antsy about its whereabouts .
The water features in the common areas were well done and live trees and flowers were everywhere .
Reading their menu reminded me of reading the menu at Rutgers ' Grease Trucks- lots of items in a big , " fat " sandwich !
The manager fell all over himself trying to make a nearby party welcome while totally ignoring us .
The staff was pretty adamant about refilling our glasses of water .
Sides ordered were sweet potato fries and cole slaw .
I got the # 7 vegetarian meal .
I had the Creole bowl and hubby had the morning after .
No big deal but also not ideal .
So was the service and the free WiFi .
I 'm disappointed because I really do love this place and have good memories here .
Went here on a Saturday night was seated right away I was shocked .
no scallops ? ) I was a little surprised because everyones been talking about this place .
The baked beans are very good
This place is very small .
COVER ME , I'M GOING BACK IN ! !
all were delicious and authentic according to my brothers Taiwanese girlfriend .
Ask for Phil ... I have read some reviews that have called him a bit of a Chatty Kathy and it 's true .
We had shrimp po boys the shrimp was great and the bread was so fresh .
Both the indoor and the outdoor seating was cozy , and the staff was very warm .
As we left , we suggested that the folks waiting in line outside check out the po - boy cart behind them .
Was n't very crowded so I was n't sure why it took so long for the bartender to take our orders ... drink and food .
I got the spicy tuna roll .
Cabbage was really good , I could tell it was cooked on very high heat .
All I tried to do was show her the coupon so that she did not think we were trying to pull one over on her .
I asked the owner about it and he said they make it regularly but it sells out fast .
The entrees were excellent !
We had a large party of 10 .
The chicken is so tender you
Every one of us said that the food was great .
It 's like they have an identity crisis .
There was no flavor in either dish .
Its your tnormal Mexican food restaurant joint .
Carne asada tacos had a lot of flavor and the meat was cooked perfectly .
Every time I order it , however , it 's different .
I had the lemon drop and my friend had the Bloody Mary and they were great .
Its just that every time i came to visit them , he had other stuff going on so i never got to hang out .
you feel like you 're family .
We had gyros .
I had crab ravioli and it was ok .
I also had the thai tea , which came in little mason jars , and was pretty inexpensive .
Great food , great service , and great price ! ! !
Since she used to have her shop in the Newtown Farmer 's Market !
We were going to eat st IHOP but since the wait time was way too long for three kids we walked over to 5 guys .
The egg whites were runny -- not cooked at all .
I said I had a hard time believing that as my bf 's phone showed no missed calls , no messages , nothing .
So I went back to pick up the correct order .
They said they make their own dressing , but I could barely taste it on the lettuce .
I saw they had a restaurant in the building but did n't get a chance to check it out this time around .
( Wrong order first , but quickly fixed . ) This time I got the veggie enchiladas and my friend got the camarone dish .
I had an apple , candied walnut and feta salad .
They are the best Thai restaurant I have ever been to , including the other Jasmine Thai locations .
My fiancée and I had a bad experience - like , really , really bad experience - at the northside Harry and Izzy 's location .
All the staff are very friendly .
This is by far our favorite restaurant in the Philly area .
Loved everything about the experience !
When you walk in , you will notice all of the entree food on the line a la carte .
Its BYOB so bring a ton of wine- the meal is long , but well worth it ! ! !
Asked for manager , manager trivialized our concern .
Alfredo sauce was pretty good .
I also had to try the chowder - awesome , but Maine 's is better !
After burgers we both had shakes , she had the spiked Nutella and I had vanilla and both were delicious .
The hotel is Art Deco and absolutely beautiful .
It was also a very large cobbler !
The menus orders were served with the wrong sides but the server apologized and quickly brought out what was ordered .
We ate here for supper based on the reviews .
One of my favorite dishes was the one with cauliflower ( not sure of the name ) .
Finally , I sampled their house made ' cellos , including ginger and limecellos , and they were unique and delicious .
The ambiance is modern and fresh and the lighting is warm and soothing .
The buttermilk chicken and the donut they give you with it were both disgusting .
The collard greens were terrific ( and I have heard these are difficult to prepare ) .
The lady working at the front was super rude .
They told me that the quintessential Tucson place was el Nene and their Sonoran Hot dog .
The blue duck is one of my favorite brunch places in the area .
I have eaten at Vecchia Osteria twice in the last few weeks , once in the restaurant and then for take out .
I actually liked the atmosphere better as it is brighter and more updated than Elmo 's .
Upon going back the lady at the counter refused to correct the mistake .
Went with our second choice and the drinks never came .
One of my absolutely favorite places in Indy !
On the way back from Philly to our beach house recently , my wife and I stopped in for a sandwich .
But the real star of the show was the burger ( I had the grass fed beef ) and it was delicious .
My iced tea tasted sour .
Our bartender / server Adam was super nice and took great care of us .
We like this restaurant a lot .
Our gumbo was cold on top but piping hot on the bottom , so we mixed up the bowl to get a lukewarm appetizer .
My favorite restaurant in Reno !
Went here and was immediately welcomed In and offered coffee .
The corn and crab bisque was delicious and the Sammie 's are good .
Everything was prepared with pride and the taste was amazing .
we got an appetizer , dan dan noodles and one entree to share = $ 40 ( including tip ) , that was one pricey lunch for 2 !
The restaurant is very loud .
They must be doing something right because the place was packed .
We love the Willow Grove location and were very happy to have one closer .
While I can understand it 's a small establishment the person running the seating chart was just awful .
The portions were huge .
Now that we 've talked pizza , let 's talk about the [ unexpected ] best part of the meal .
I forgot our waitresses name but she was great .
The bartender , Ginny , is awesome and really makes it feel like a neighborhood spot !
Place was also clean and their food was delicious .
All chopped up into the gumbo .
A nice alternative to Cafe du Monde , the beignets were as good if not better .
My friends enjoyed the squid the most .
The glassware - plates and everything they use to serve the food and drinks with are so unique and very cool !
As with most places when it first opened it was awesome .
I love Garces ' stuff .
The exposed brick walls made it feel homey and not clausterphobic .
I complained about the quality .
the orders kept getting mixed up ( 4 ppl got the wrong thing ) .
The chargrilled oysters are - I 'm not kidding - better than Drago 's !
So imagine my delight when I revisited and found that it was not nostalgic remembrances but actual fact !
I had the General Tsao chicken and it was delicious .
The spring rolls are delicious .
We ordered the famous crab cakes which were sooo good .
Truly recommend for a special occasion .
The one thing that impressed me was the popcorn shrimp appetizer .
Wine list is Outstanding & believe me I am picky ! ! !
Our server was pleasant and available when we wanted him to be and invisible when we were deep in our conversation .
We got the Brussel sprouts and they tasted like pure salt .
It was n't exactly my style ( so switched it for a latte instead ) but I applaud them for trying to innovate .
The nightclub called The Wave seemed pretty cool as well , although we only sutck around for short time .
The waiters there funny and nice .
I was a bit disappointed with the size and number of shrimp , but for the cost of the meal - completely understandable .
I ordered from a different pizza place on line and that was as easy as " pie " Pizza pie that is .
I loved the entire experience I had here .
Overall a very good time .
Overall a good experience and the owner was very nice !
I ca n't get over how good the donuts are .
I just got back from a quick lunch trip and was not disappointed .
Hey kids , did you know that Vietnam was colonized by the French ?
It was full of fresh chicken , cheese , onions and peppers .
All in all - it was a lot of fun to hang here with friends , but it was n't a place I 'd go back to !
Cozy , so it can get crowded pretty easily -- not really a place to hang out all night .
I am seldom able to sneak to this part of the city , but when I do and the hour is right , I rush here .
The food was decent .
I really enjoyed almost everything about the dinner I had here .
And the staff was very nice !
The food was really good , so was the drinks .
I was n't a huge fan of the au jus , but then again , I never really am .
I am no connoisseur , so I definitely needed help deciding !
The sauce was partially cold , spicy in a bad way , and tasted out of the can .
We had to wait about 20 min to get a table but we had 5 people in our group .
We had a seafood gumbo and crab bisque as starters and both were amazing ! ! !
We recently popped into this place when we were staying in the area and looking for something different for dinner .
The music they played was relaxing , but hip .
The inside is really nice ..
Beef and chicken were good though the beef was a little dry , the chicken the better of the two being tender and juicy .
Do n't come sit next to me and smoke , fart , or vomit all over yourself .
I went to this restaurant the other night .
Our waitress was right on key , very attentive to our table of 5 , and had a great sense of humor .
Spiro 's is very close to my house , it will definitely be my new regular spot .
Neither was anything to write home about , but really when your name has Beignet in it , does the other stuff really matter ?
First , the amazing happy hour of 50cent oysters , then the $ 10 Pate plate .
We also got to try a piece of the baklava which was also delicious .
It 's the kind of place you have a " usual " and every time you have it , it 's just as good as the last time .
The service and food were perfect .
Idk what restaurant these people were eating at but this place sucks .
They sent us home with a white nylon bag with a copy of the menu and mini biscotti to enjoy later .
The atmosphere was nice on the patio last spring and I enjoyed the experience .
The hummus was incredible and a really large portion .
Very odd , but the menu was SO small and SO overpriced it 's all that appealed .
The restaurant is small and the tables are packed closely together .
I asked her for advice on the menu .
This has quickly become one of our favorite restaurants .
We were drawn in by the full parking lot ...
My bloody Mary was too spicy and tasted of pure hot sauce .
Perhaps a teensy tiny bit overpriced compared to similar restaurants , but overall ca n't complain there .
The food was fresh , made from scratch and so tasty .
My friends ordered the Lobster Roll and the Rock Crab Claws ( the rounder shaped claws with the black tips ) .
We came here on a Tuesday night .
I bought 2 huge donuts ( for less than $ 6 in total ): mango & pink peppercorn and cuba libre .
Came here for my birthday brunch ( visiting from New York ) and the service was amazing .
Love the mural on the wall .
The rice was yellow ( confirming the previous reviewer ) , the flavor was ok , it had chunks of pork which was gross .
We had amazing red beans and rice as well as the gumbo .
It also did n't have that many chunks of apples inside- it was almost pureed apple .
Luckily , the banh mi I had today was very good .
The burgers were very good very flavorful .
It is less than a mile from us , Monday nights ,
The sides were good , and did n't seem like an after thought .
I guess it 's a good thing they cook our food to order , but that was a long time to wait IMO .
It was after we were long gone that I realized the total Should have been closer to $ 16 , not $ 22.51 .
Love this place for the crab omelet ... the ingredients were fresh and uniquely put together .
It had yummy crunchy chicken and cole slaw in it , plus grilled sourdough that made it just right for me .
Let 's find a price point you 're comfortable with ... "
It has a fantastic location right I.
It 's a BYOB , so we brought a decent bottle of champagne and saved a lot on the bill .
the four of us ordered the crab bisque soup for our first course , it was cold and we sent it back to be reheated .
Customer service was impeccable .
When we finally got our check , I noticed an 18 % gratuity added .
Shortly , a different server came and delivered our bill .
The coconut drink I got was awesome .
Our server always made sure our drinks were full and our table was clean .
However , when we were arrived , the doors were still locked .
The BF and I ordered the chicken and beef shawarma at 6:30 .
Just a treat to go here .
Not just " hearing " it in the lobby .
The food and service was amazing !
The beef was cut with the grain instead if against it so it was stringy and inedible .
It must be , because people line up to stand outside on Speedway next door to May 's Chicken and Waffles .
The hummus is especially good too .
I waited for 40 minutes .
i love that feeling .
It made the whole dish come together .
I did n't try the coffee but had a couple of the smoothies ( PB&J , Island Espresso ) which were really tasty .
A little mess up with their system so they did n't get my order in time .
We had the Poke ( tuna ) and the vegetable nachos which were both excellent .
My wife and really loved this place .
Despite the fancy table settings and moderately expensive food , it 's the least pretentious despite being in Montecito .
Some girlfriends were in town so we decided to grab dinner before heading to the bars before the eve of Thanksgiving .
We had , I 'm guessing , around 50 people here for the party so there was a lot of wings .
The booth was very comfortable and we both liked the decor .
We started with the beef carpaccio and then had the she - crab soup and lettuce salad .
After at least a half hour waiting , our food arrived , and unfortunately it was subpar .
My family and I love to go here no matter the occasion .
The food is incredibly salty to the point of tasting bitter- all of it from appetizer to the main course and french fries .
In the end we had a great dining experience .
Before we left , the waitress gave us a to go menu with the lunch specials listed .
Husband and I finally tried this place for a date night a few months ago and am so glad we did !
I 'm a big fan of the French 75 .
The bacon was nicely crisp , with the tang of the goat cheese balanced nicely by the sweetness of the dates .
The main attraction was the bread pudding dessert .
The only complaint is that they lost our reservation for valentines day and we had to sit at the bar .
But they had a bar area and we sat there and had some drinks , clams and oysters .
We had one hamburger , corn dog and a grilled cheese sandwich .
Oh and to the reply from the vendor , no my first review was n't a joke .
The sweets were mindblowing !
I also had no way of knowing what all was on the sandwiches .
The ambiance is tranquil and the restaurant is very clean ... if you have n't been to sushi Rose , this is a MUST try !
I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich and it tasted like a french bread pizza , so that 's not great .
Everything is very authentic and obviously home - made .
They called it a bignet but it was n't the kind of bignet I imagined .
I really appreciated the hospitality here .
The crust is just magical .
had a nice time there , the sashimi plate is nicely decorated , it 's ART !
Plastic chairs and little to no atmosphere .
The decor is great -- sleek and homey all at once .
There is parking in front of the store and to the side .
Went with four friends and we got the all got bottomless Bellinis which is a great deal .
My friend did n't realize the mistake .
We were immediately seated and the restaurant has a nice decor albeit very loud .
Waited 25 minutes for food and when it arrived it was luke warm at best .
This time I ordered the chicken spedini and it was absolutely amazing even better than the chicken cannelloni I had last time .
Soooo delish !
We had the short rib gnocchi and cheese plate .
The sauce was good , not very thick but not runny , as was the mozzarella and the fresh basil .
Service can get a bit spotty as there is only ever one woman serving and it often gets quite busy .
For the rest of the menu : fish tacos burnt to a visible crisp .
All in all , the drinks were great , the food was delectable , and the staff was very knowledgeable and personable .
my daughter loved the food and thought the staff was very nice .
The hummus was average and the falafel was just awful .
Ted thought I did n't like pizza because I rarely order it .
Glad I did since my order arrived in about 20 mins instead .
We were staying in the Holiday Inn for the night and was looking somewhere to have dinner , but wanted something different .
Couple of restaurants here , not enough though considering this is an EATING ASS TOWN ! ! ! !
We 've stayed here several times and are always pleased .
Server lady was really sweet .
The server never noticed .
The shaved ice is the best too ! ! ! ! !
The concept is easy ...
All was well , until I went back again with my mother yesterday .
The host/ waiter seemed to spend most of his time talking on the headset phone .
Was 10 min after we sat down for anyone to come to the table to do anything other then bringing us water and papadum .
She was knowledgeable about the items on the menu .
Then the zoodle spaghetti came out .
There was mention that this was my birthday dinner and was presented with a Birthday Busch Beer , kinda cute and different .
Ca n't wait to try the fancy donuts !
Even on a busy day our food was n't warm .
We both ordered omelets which were huge .
This is not a romantic place at all , but a good place for conversation .
The burger was also good .
And oh boy the food is way over priced for the poor quality .
Not a fan of breakfast , usually do n't eat it .
Nice place but not what I expected .
I should have went with my gut instinct after seeing the brunch menu but decided to stay since it was Joe Madden 's restaurant .
This is my new favorite dining spot in New Orleans .
We had this family style and everything came out really quickly .
The only guy who seemed to be paying attention was a sexy bearded guy ( he also helped get the place 4 stars ) .
The salad had luscious avocado , crispy bacon , blue cheese , scallions , chicken , & tomatoes .
Really nice local restaurant .
They were also ridiculously thin , were over salted with an almost breaded and deep fried consistency .
Casino is way to smokey to the point it was hard to breathe .
Three from my office had lunch delivered from San Antonio Taco today .
Yeah so she could spit on our food ...
I was told the food was amazing , and the atmosphere was to die for .
The meat used in the pho is was chewy .
The hot chicken sandwich was divine ! ! !
I went to the cashier to pay and since I did n't receive a greeting , I extended one myself .
When I 'm Nola I always have to stop by the burgers are k.
He rolled his eyes while turning to get more , and just dumped them on the table .
It was really a delicious meal , and now I understand why the reviews on Yelp are so good !
Thick slabs of badly sliced , tough , dry meat .... gross .
They packaged everything nicely and it stayed warm after the 30 min car ride .
The waitress asked me if I really wanted to put that much sauce on - of course I did !
The tacos were also great and well - proportioned .
If they were all relocated to middle of ocean , this place would be heaven .
I called that day ( Wednesday ) to make a reservation for that evening , since it was strongly encouraged .
The one word to describe the experience - fresh .
There were plenty of restaurants , the grounds were perfectly maintained , and everything was beautiful .
My sister had the Pad Thai ( non Americanized ) also a great dish .
Staff was also very nice and most of all the Buffett is great value for money !
My favorite though , was the rabbit pasta .
I had the pretzel bites which were incredible they matched well with the cheese sauce .
The chili was wonderful , full of steak and we were glad to have happened upon this place .
The mango was just as a mango should be -- sweet and juicy !
So we were greeted by the hostess ( she looked about 15 ) and asked if we would like a booster seat .
I do n't know what he does to his avocados , but they are creamy and delicious .
I went to go check on my husband in the living room and he stopped eating all together .
Welcome to the neighborhood .
What a great concept and such delicious and carbalicious food .
Just as we were finishing the meal , the waitress brought us out bread pudding , also on the house .
We hit up Mirko probably once a week -- great little Italian stop in our neck of the woods .
I had a business dinner there , which brought our group closer together ( I thought ) .
It was a bit sweeter than I 'm used to , but that was a welcomed change .
There 's a lot of outdoor seating too so it 's very comfortable on a summer night !
This place is a total workaurant .
I guess it just depends on the night you go as to the atmosphere .
Went there for breakfast on Labor Day and we were impressed with the variety and selections on the menu .
So can understand the confusion between ziti and spaghetti since this is an Italian restaurant !
I strolled into Grand Isle around 7 pm on a Tuesday night , and thankfully it was n't busy .
( That 's just me being super picky and an OCD clean - freak ...
the gnocchi was the best i 've ever had .
A few hours later we called for delivery .
We expected an Italian Restaurant but it was more a New York Steak House . The food was ordinary , over salty , waaay over priced .
I told the waitress he just needs to stay home observing him look totally oblivious to EVERYTHING .
The sushi was AMAZING !
Our first visit was to a very busy restaurant ; however , we were seated and sever quite promptly .
The only downside is that the wait was pretty long but well worth it .
Went to this restaurant knowing in the past that they took great care of us on special occaisions .
The food took 40 minutes to come when it was super empty in there .
The flavor of the meat was bland and the chile jam and white cheddar were overpowering .
FYI : Cash Only- BYOB +
I had the sliders , which were delish !
My girlfriend ordered a margarita , which was reasonably priced and tasty .
Anyway , the friendly lady behind the counter asked if I wanted a chocolate or regular cheesecake and I took the chocolate .
We were there on a Saturday morning at 7:30 and seated right away .
The palak and beef were perfectly spiced , adequately spicy , and crave - worthy .
I had a two month build up prior to finally eating from here and it was n't anti climatic .
The food was tasty and priced reasonably for a nice sit down restaurant .
There was no extra mozzarella cheese on it .
I really ca n't pick a favorite of the two .
Over the weekend , my fiancé and I joined our friends for a fantastic meal here .
We waited at the bar and had a couple " eh " house speciality cocktails ( something manhattan - ish ...
The smothered was a wonderful , slow - cooked fall apart piece of heaven .
We celebrated a 70th birthday and received first class treatment all the way .
Sitting at the bar itself is sort of uncomfortable , the leg room is way too cramped .
Also tasted : meatballs , ribs , salad ... all very good .
I took my kiddos to incredible pizza today .
It is the perfect place to take your family for a nice dinner out .
Speaking of leftovers , we totally were able to split our order into two meals .
The great customer service from our server Izzy was appreciated , and the manager even stopped by to check on us .
It 's just not one of the better places in Nashville to get these items .
Thanks to Robert and Henry and their lovely family and staff for always making me feel important .
Well I tried this Smashburger place and it was tasty .
To be honest , I think going to Trader Joe 's would be more expensive and you 'd still have to do the dishes .
The bathroom is tiny .
A few days later , we ordered take - out again and he made good on his word .
The atmosphere is inviting and playful .
The service was so great , everyone that worked there was welcoming , friendly and helpful .
Dipping your tortilla chips in that cheese sauce is HIGHLY ADDICTIVE !
The duck sandwich and pork roll burger were both bland and barely mediocre .
Came here based on the reviews and was definitely not disappointed .
The place is a bit small inside , so you feel a little cramped inside .
It 's about 35 - 40 min from the de stateline and was pretty easy to find .
The bread put out on the table did n't come with any butter .
Everything was delish except the veg patty .
We had the fried chicken and LOVED it !
We arrived about 7:15 and were seated withing about 5 minutes ( 6 of us ) .
Ok , fine , benefit of the doubt , it must have been excellent and super - popular , right ?
Lemongrass chicken Verm and grilled shrimp bowls were amazing .
As you walk in you can smell the amazing scents - and it tastes just as great as it smells !
My server Janessa was so friendly and polite .
Very well made , taste the smokiness from the pork & mahi - mahi was cooked to perfection ! ! !
Very family friendly and a good break from the park .
And no , smart - ass , this is n't THE ONLY one I 've ever been to .
Our server recommended the in house made pasta , but we all ordered the pizzas .
Service was prompt , friendly , and very welcome after a hot , exhausting day .
My dad liked the beer and I liked the food .
And the food - fantastic !
I needed wifi and they gave me the password right away .
My family and i go there almost every weekend !
We ordered a bunch of yummy stuff !
We had the burger , the chicken sandwich and salad .
I paid my tab and did not feel like the restaurant was at all concerned about their reputation .
I would say these were n't my favorite tacos of all time , but they were very enjoyable .
Dining room was clean , too .
The food was fantastic for all of us , including quite possibly the best porkchop I have ever eaten .
So I ordered the pinot noir on tap and it came chilled ? !
It took a while to get a server to come back into the room although the restaurant was not busy during that time frame .
We went there for dinner one night .
I ordered a cabeza taco , small al pastor caramelo , and sonoran hot dog .
This place has a great vibe tho .
I also ordered the choose 2 , the JustASpud and the Harvest Chicken Salad .
We did n't get to visit in the evening .
The staff was friendly and informative about their menu .
Summary - great location on the beach / strand with full view of the water .
It was a good thing . ) She was not afraid to let us know that her two other tables were also celebrating anniversaries .
The next day we had burgers at Tavern .
And the beer that I had was n't the best it was a little bitter but still good
I was starving and it hit the spot .
The meal was fantastic and her service was stellar !
We also drank ... a lot .
There were five small shrimp ( dried out looking ) on the skewer and that was it .
It 's also a good place to watch games since they have lots of TV 's .
I thought it was a little pricey until the order came .
I ca n't speak to how the drinks were but my friends seemed to enjoy their coffee drinks .
All I could taste was grease and sweet .
Enjoyed the mushroom salad .
Guuuuurrrrl , you know I ate and drank my way through Nashville !
The dessert selection was excellent .
We got lucky enough to sit by them at the bar and they are super friendly and very funny .
The donuts are inventive and delicious .
Dude was super cute to boot .
That 's right ... the covers go to the musicians .
Showed up without a reservation and were take in with no wait time ( during the week ) .
I ordered the Volcano roll as well and it was amazing .
We did n't receive any water until we asked twice .
My absolute favorite spot in the city to visit when my girlfriends come into town .
The big surprise is the Pimm Cup .
We have made several trips here ( too many to be honest ) and each dessert we have tried has been amazing .
Our waiter , poor guy , was in charge of way too many tables and service felt slightly slow and inattentive .
I could n't stand listening to one of the other waitresses bitching about the place non - stop while our waitress was sweeping .
The waitress did n't seem to know much about anything she served and consistently gave two craps about who ordered what .
The rest of the party came about 20 minutes later .
Our waitress kept coming up and asking if we wanted anything else .
If you 're dead set on Cafe Du Monde , you 're only twenty minutes including parking to Decatur .
The filet mignon was superb , the sea bass , melty , flaky , buttery and sublime .
We live in neighborhood and have been numerous times .
It 's sooo good !
We had the hummus plate ( which was very generous portion ) , the pretzels , mozzarella sticks and caprese salad .
If you 're in the area go to the Camellia Grill down the street .
My only real issue with Hellas is how close the tables are together .
And such a pretty presentation as well .
Even as we paid the bill , the owner apologized for serving such a lousy cut of beef .
The aioli and fries are delicious , too .
The sweat tea was not good , nor was the lemonade .
They were helpful and courteous and the food they served was amazing .
Trashy and dirty hotel rooms !
The only pitfall of this whole dining experience were the complimentary chips and salsa ...
Bathroom was clean , kitchen looked very clean as well .
We decided to go for Sunday brunch , and could not have been more pleased .
They have many , many vegan selections and it 's a great place just to pop in for lunch or takeout dinner !
The sushi is so fresh and tasty ! !
After eating three chicken balls , I personally had my fill .
Katie reads the reviews on here ! !
the cook is a real character so the experience can be intimidating if you do n't know what to do .
The Eggplant parmesean was pretty bad .
- Pork belly - Came thinly sliced , which I was not expecting at all , and kind of resembled prosciutto .
I 'm so appreciative for our service at this restaurant and would return again and again .
The food was a little pricey , but delicious !
The accompanying veggies were really good , though .
Our drinks were made incorrectly .
It was just sitting in olive oil with lemon wedges on the side .
Went there for our anniversary .
we arrived at about 5:40 , did not get the burgers before 6:40 and were still waiting for the check at 7:15 .
Sbraga : good , but not great .
It was fall right off the bone- so tender as I 'm sure it was slow cooked for hours .
We really like their Pizza crust .
The two people seated next to me were noticing the same and complaining .
The sauce was served in a creme brulee sort of cup and also on the same board .
I threw the entire container in the trash and made a sandwich for dinner :-/
The bf and I were both craving some red meat so we decided to try P&K.
The nigiri was very fresh and full of flavor .
The only 2 things missing were a poppyseed bun & celery salt .
I ordered the chicken piccata ( amazing ) and my husband ordered Wagyu Filet ( and I stole a bite ) .
We had the chance to help Fiore improve but unfortunately we chickened out .
The Ahi was fresh and the flavors were amazing .
My fiance and I tried the place out the first week it opened .
I thought the biscuit was tasty , the gravy was a very sad portion , it was okay flavor , not bad , did n't wow .
chargrilled oysters ( 4/5 ) ..
But what really set me over the edge was the absolutely RUDE red headed woman .
This is a great place for Tourists and locals .
I talked to the owners Ben and Lauren while I ate my slice and they really seem to care about making good quality pizza .
We love this place .
The primavera , however , is not something anyone should order ! ! !
I visited this location on several occasions this last week and was thoroughly disappointed on every visit .
the beef was very fatty but the noodles and flavor were great !
I also asked for no tomato and sure enough .. fat tomato slice right on top .
This McDonald 's do n't taste like the others
The free bread is sooo delicious ! !
Morton 's is always a great choice
It was hard to know if the location was closed or not being it surrounded by empty store spots .
My daughter and I went to this litte GEM and it was great .
The wait staff was wonderful and so was our dinner .
For my main entree i had the Southwest bowl- delicious !
That being said , I actually went to this place out of shear convenience and it ended up being pretty good .
The kale with the Mahi was DELISH though .
The decor inside reminds me of a casual place you 'd find in Los Angeles ...
Go to Pete 's or Lenny 's in the neighborhood , you 'll pay less but get more .
This is easily located off on rt 30 , great location .
We all liked the beer variety , and the bourbon list is amazing .
Their pastries are super tasty , perfectly sweet and perfectly created .
I would recommend this place for sure ! ! !
What s the deal ?
It is n't just food , it 's the warm glow of summer in the Mexican highlands squarely in the middle of Indy .
We ordered a spring roll for starters and it literally came in 2 minutes .
This did n't bother me one bit but some of my co - workers were a little take aback by it and wanted to have some more space .
It was a special that day and I think it was well worth it but I would n't get it again if we came back .
We came here few times as we live at the corner .
My cousin brought me and my family here .
I have ordered the manicotti , the lasagna , and the gnocchi .
The whole next 30 sec , I was shocked at her rudeness as she knew I was standing there , waiting for change of $ 2 back .
I selected crispy hash browns as my side and it also came with a banana and strawberry .
All was restaurant quality , very tasty .
OTR truck driver , we ca n't always get delivery ; however , Apollo 's delivered a excellent pizza .
We were the only ones there on a recent Monday evening .
We saw people dressed up kind of fancy as well as people in khaki shorts and tshirts .
The kitchen is disgusting , the staff is unfriendly & the food is n't good .
The French Onion soup was also delicious !
This , to me , is deplorable behavior on the side of the the waitress and management .
I had the cranberry and coconut one .
Our server was great and kept drinks refilled the entire time we were there .
I 'm sorry if you 're offended and I can see your point , but damn this a good cheesesteak !
Having been in the restaurant industry since I was 16 , I did feel bad that our waitress ' colleagues simply let her drown .
We had passed by here a few times but never came in ...
We were strolling around this neighborhood called " The Gulch " and thought to check it out .
I ordered a Bloody Mary and omelette .
Not a pleasant experience all in all .
They have since expanded the res truant and thank goodness they did because they need the space .
There are other locations nearby ( Hilton ) that are much preferred .
The only thing great about this place is that we walked to this restaurant from home to have bad Thai .
She had a decaf coffee so she was a cheap date that night .
Our waitress on the other hand was nice but seemed to be very overwhelmed .
When I bit into the injera at the Queen of Sheba , I was pleasantly surprised .
It 's the best experience you 'll ever have with your clothes on .
Monster have ... feelings ?
The deviled eggs were plentiful and the presentation was beautiful .
Was n't too much cheese which I liked .
We ordered fried dumplings and two soup dishes .
We both ordered the pancakes .
For the best Vietnamese food ..
mac and cheese was great and so was the sweet potato mash and collard greens .
The beef and salad courses were fantastic .
The server forgot about us and we eventually were able to put our drink orders in .
We went early as we heard it gets crowded and they do not take reservations .
We ate one before we got our food ..
I do n't know what upsets me more , the borderline gross food or how much I had to pay for it .
Our server told us everything is homemade which after eating it , I believe her !
Girlfriend and I were on vacation visiting New Orleans , we decided to try out Mexican food and found this spot .
The food was good but not remarkable .
Anyway , my wife , son and I all got the tenders .
I was reminded of this spot I 've passed dozens of times , on the SE corner of Allisonville and 116th .
In fairness , we did not call attention to this during our meal as my husband was already past the point of complaining .
I have heard negative comments about Andreas for years now .
I cleaned my own table off .
Best burger I have ever had ~ mushrooms ! !
I was amazed that the inside of my omelet was HOT .
We had a few food items including the baja tacos , nachos and calamari .
Even better than that , I also tried the Gwendolyn 's famous chocolate cake and it was outstanding .
And we get celery in lieu of fries - and I get a salad - so I feel a little less guilty .
( Carb - o - vores unite ! )
The fish and chip was decent , but I found the french fries and onion rings taste a bit burn .
There are no free refills ... hmmm !
The batter was flavorful and crunchy .
Awesome place to eat .
Overall , horrible experience first time we left a restaurant hungry !
The clam chowder was good , as well as the onion rings .
The banana pancake was HUGE and good too !
You must check this place out ! !
The pizza was fine , though I am not really a fan of the ultra thin crust style pizza typical in St.
The chicken was in huge chunks , it badly needed seasoning , and the chunks were extremely dry and tough .
If you are going to New Orleans then this is the place for oysters ! !
I was really looking forward to dessert ( hello , special occasion ) but a pretty average fondue was the only option .
Tends to fill up fast , due to it being in Sam Hughes area and close to the UofA.
Everyone got surprised by the portion of their food .
I consider myself to be a bit of a Pizza connoisseur and this was right up there .
The taste was different , but good .
We ordered the brussel sprouts , which were INCREDIBLE .
After a second bite , there was no more meat on that half .
It took an hour and a half to get my pizza delivered to me .
I 'll update when I get a chance to actually dine there .
This little restaurant does n't look like much from the outside , but it 's very cute and quaint on the inside .
My buddies and I have been to Brother Paul 's several times now .
( So about 9 bucks for 2 pizzas ) Pretty awesome deal .
They had a special that we happily took advantage of .
No big deal at all .
The manager who says his name is " Johnson " is extremely unprofessional .
I had extremely high hopes for this place but alas it did not meet them .
The staff were very professional , courteous , and prompt !
Both were excellent , and the pork was n't tough , which was surprising Considering how big those chops were .
Unfortunately , it started to rain , but I appreciated the effort !
My sandwich ( meatball ) was served promptly and was very fresh and hot .
Everyone loved their food .
They are always appreciative of your business and take the time to say thank you .
The black eyed pea egg rolls were very tasty and the pulled pork tacos were VERY tasty !
A friendly barkeep came over quickly and took drink orders .
The Loew 's hotel is very clean and looks very nice .
I had the potatoes over basmati rice .
I got the Philly cheese steak .
The hibachi was good , but the sushi was even better .
But seriously , I 'm just some dude sitting there quietly who 's about to leave .
The food was quite good - the house salad is large and the vinaigrette dressing is top notch .
I love the location here , its super close to home , and a great place for Italian food in Fishtown .
Chicken was definitely not stored at right temperature ; tasted strong off note immediately .
Everything was made to order , cooked to perfection and came out hot .
It 's open and futuristic and I remember eating in malls in south korea with settings like this .
Pork and shrimp were our faves but they were all so good it was hard to decide what we liked best .
Eventually she just took three seperate payments .
Well we were blown away by the friendly staff and the pretty darn good food !
I have to tell you , we had an absolutely great experience and much of it was due to our server , ( I think , Sarah ) .
My daughter and I had breakfast here and it was good .
Hankering for South Indian Dosas? ... this is the place .
The olives were served warm and were quite tasty .
My major problem with La Columbe is their lack of wifi .
Did my eyes deceive me or did the specials board say " french toast burger " ?
What a great place .
What a GREAT place .
Which was ok because no one was working the register to take orders .
( It was on the bill later ) We had finished it , and it was tasty , so we did n't complain .
Today I went into this location around 5 pm and it was completely empty .
While I was not in her station Sue took it upon herself to assist me and got my drink order .
I should have saved the money and walked over to Crabby Bills !
Keep your car locked and keep an eye out .
Lilly 's is the kind of place St Louis City deserves .
On a positive note , the building and decor are lovely and romantic .
Loved our breakfast here .
( Side note : the bread is served from a bag , it 's light and crispy on the outside and airy on the inside ...
It was your typical Mexican fare .
The sausage is actual slices of Italian sausage , not those nasty crumbly bits you get at a lot of places .
The atmosphere is amazing and everyone is so welcoming .
It tasted so fresh and there were so many interesting textures and flavors going on .
It is open all night so it is never a bad time to go .
This is our place to go on Girard , now .
I had a lamb special , which was incredible , and my wife 's pasta was also very good .
I had the steak and eggs which were amazing !
The dessert was okay , but I 'm not a big dessert person so that was fine with me .
It 's a romantic/ warm welcoming atmosphere .
The pizza is delicious .
The food was delicious all the way around .
The reviews seemed okay and everyone said that the drinks were really good .
I 'd say its a 4.5 but just because of the interior decor .
It came in a small wine glass which was a disappointment since it was about $ 9.00 .
First time eating there and was very disappointed .
We have always loved this place and tonight was no different , even though it is under new ownership .
He said they ca n't because that 's for parties of 8 .
And the food was OUTSTANDING !
All the tables at the Irish pub and the sports bar was filled .
I just went in to order take out ( 3 apps ) and was told they 're too busy to do it .
( They all gave me different info so I gave up ) .
I felt that was a very good price for everything and the great quality .
I got the chicken and steak and my husband got 2 barbacoa tacos .
It 's too bad that this menu was so fussy and overpriced because the decor was really cute and really nice .
There were people inside and the sign said open till 11 pm , so we walked inside .
The food was really good today !
We never received our appetizers , and we barely saw our waiter .
I 've always liked this place BUT for a little awhile it went down hill .
Helped us at every needy request lol ...
Our chef Augustus was funny and entertaining .
That pasta was AMAZING !
Enjoyed the sweet potato fries too .
It did n't have too much dressing on it ( I hate when my salad is drowning in dressing ! ) and was nice and crispy .
Not the biggest fan of the lettuce cause it 's gets all wilted but add some hot sauce and it 's a meal in itself ! ! !
Everyone in my party seemed to enjoy their meals .
The prices are extremely reasonable for fancy and unusual Mexican food , and I love the fact they 're a BYOB .
The pearls ( tapicoa bubbles ) seemed to make him sick .
A shame too , because the harissa it was served with was excellent .
Dinner and a show " , as my boyfriend said , as there was plenty to look at conversations to over - hear .
Prosciutto , mortadella , sharp provolone , stuffed peppers and many other thing , marinated in a delicious oil , it was perfect .
We arrived @ about 10:00 AM , and the line was down 21st Avenue about 100 feet .
Both the St Louis style and the back ribs were smoky , moist , tender and nicely seasoned with rub .
We wandered over from my job and had a very late brunch .
Yummmmmmm ....... and an absolute must is the Espresso Stout ( Purple Haze ) ! ! !
The breakfast was delicious and the perfect amount .
the wine was better .
You ca n't tell if someone left a load or not in there .
The food is absolutely fantastic .
do n't order the chips they 're awful !
The rice was average .
I was visiting NOLA from Brooklyn , NY for the weekend .
It 's not a huge place which I prefer .
I really enjoyed our night out at Ballyhoo 's with the family and we will definitely be back again .
The chip and salsa was very good , ( need to ask for a bowl of salsa ) I had the fajitas and the were good , but not great .
The dark parts were cooked straight on the grill with no oil to make them deliciously crispy .
The hotel staff was excellent and everyone you met had a smile and a hello .
I 've been here several times and it 's always been a good experience .
Pet peeve : as a non - soccer fan , I do n't mind seeing it on TV , but to have it on both TVs with the volume way up was overkill .
These guys made us feel special and at home .
unbelievable the management staff here sucks ...
The mixture of flavors were unique and delicious .
For some reason this place makes me feel like I am on the set of the Wonder Years every time I eat there .
We had a reservation at the red owl tavern and a good thing we did .
We ordered the wings and French onion soup .
The gel was heavily salted , and my daughter ended up scraping it off , only eating the beef .
It 's quite a laid back neighborhood place with bunch of screens where u can even catch ur favorite teams play .
When she came back with the bill he signed and then realized she had actually charged him for 4 beers .
My husband had the Eggs Benedict Arnold and he said it was very good .
No reservations so short wait ...
It was a great place for a quiet , intimate dinner .
Avoid this place at all costs ! !
This was the BEST BLT Wrap that I have ever had , the bacon was " perfectly prepared " thick and crisp , but not burnt .
And we all agreed that the rice and peas were completely flavorless .
I ordered the 3 course meal and everything was beyond super deliciousness ! ! !
I did think it was strange because I was clear I wanted bell peppers on it and would pay for it .
The donuts were good .
I was n't impressed with the pork chop but the filet was a great size and excellent .
Unfortunately she compares it to mine ( and mine is very tasty ) .
My fiancé and I were down here from NY for the week so I could go to a workshop for work .
The chicken kabob is marinated in a savory mixture of spices that leaves it soooo tender and juicy .
Total cost was around $ 13 .
We were DISGUSTED to find what appears to be parts of a worm inside of our wings .
I know it to be personal when he says , " oh , I got ta go , there are like people here " .
While we were n't there for sunset , the timing was fine as it turned out to be a cloudy day .
We were in and out of there with great service in about 35 minutes total .
It is a little on the pricier side but for all the experience you get and the quality , it is worth it .
This place is highly overrated .
His Sous Chef was a pleasure to talk to , too !
Other dishes ordered included the baked duck egg , potatoes with tzatziki , and a special lamb tongue stew .
There was about 3 pieces of lobster total in the dish , but the taste was well rounded and creamy .
The bartender was busy , we had to ask for water twice and we were sitting right in front of her .
The Internet access is supplied by T - mobile @ $ 10 / day , which really pisses me off .
I really hope that other customers wo n't get treated like that , especially in front of other customers .
and i only got apples .
The pizza is amazing , the sangria is to die for , and the staff is friendly and attentive .
But not sure it was as good as I hoped considering Hubert 's skill level ...
The portions were on the small side and no one was impressed with the taste .
And the free cuban coffee is and neat plus
I had the strata for Sunday brunch and it was superb .
If the food was excellent I could overlook all that ... but the food was very disappointing .
Loved it me and a group of my coworker went for lunch and came back ready to sleep .
Khyber Pass , howest did thou achieve such perfection ? ?
The food was great .
I do nt leave 40 % tips often , but when I do it 's well deserved !
They 've cleaned it up nicely , but there is not much room there .
The beer is , of course , amazing .
It was chilly out and we wanted something hot to warm our empty bellies .
If it was n't for husband stopping me complaining right then u would of heard it all in person .
Everything had a great taste as well .
She even brought us all of the desert puddings to try because we could n't decide .
Louis and Mizu was the first restaurant I visited downtown .
The chow mien was half cooked and half raw , I do n't even know how to describe the egg rolls ..... but not edible .
The cake itself was moist and chocolatey , and the buttercream icing was light , smooth and not too sweet .
I was really happy to see them out and about after Tampa Luv Chicken 's unfortunate ending .
So finding this place while in Tampa for Christmas was a great treat !
we added crab ..
This was my first time here and I always hear the talk about this place so I was like " Heck Yes ! "
My only complaint is it is quite cramped and very loud when full .
On top of all of that , our server ( who was n't around , and it shows ) actually gave us someone else 's drinks on our table 's bill .
OMG the seasoning they put on those wings are like crack .
An extremely high recommendation .
What a great deal .
We sort of miss the Victorian couches and such .
Both times I was seated and then had to wait 15 minutes for a server to even approach my table .
ill never dine here again - first time , last time .
But the service was slow and inattentive .
This is the first place I go everytime I come to Indy , they do n't have them in Cali .
Lastly , the employee got rude with me when I was checking to see what time my order would be done .
We stopped in and I had the burger and my wife had the cheesesteak .
A short time later , our drinks and appetizers arrived .
Hate to see this location fall apart .
I orginally gave this 1 star but thought that was nt fair cause the food is ok .
The place was very clean and the service was outstanding .
We had our first beignets and OMG I 'm hooked !
We also tried a crab trapper drink , it was ok but I 'll I 'm a beer kind of gal so I 'm a little biased .
It was mushy and the coating was thick on those as well .
It was n't crowded when we were there but I can imagine it feels --- and gets-- crowded very easily .
This is my husband 's favorite brunch place .
The lunch special is a very good deal ! ! !
I got mashed potatoes and banana pudding as sides .... all I can say is YUM YUM ! !
I do n't know why she was giving me an attitude as I was n't rude to her at all .
I work in the area and we kind of make this place a last option when ordering lunch .
The service was superb and the food was delicious .
This place is obviously very authentic .
It 's a small place , pretty simple inside , but the ribs and pad Thai are delicious !
She felt it was to complicated so she just walked away and pass us up to another waitress .
We got there just before noon and there were 3 - 4 people in line .
Upon entering we saw the sign for the lunch special wish we were both excited about , hey $ 5.99 !
As I looked closer , that web was not alone -- there were many .
The coke and club sodas were fantastic .
All in all a great little slice of heaven in the Bellevue area .
I physically saw them pull up in there vehicle and walk up .
However our waiter was apologetic and took that off the bill .
I knew it was family owned so you never know what to expect .
I love this place and probably ca n't eat Italian food anywhere else in town .
Banana bread was dry and overall not good .
Our food arrived at the table quite fast and was the best its ever been .
I even ordered online at 11:05 am and it said it would be ready at 11:21 and I waited till 11:35 .
Was the food bad ?
they 're on the small side , but cheap .
Bf and I had the mango and mint hookah with an ice hose .
Food was fresh and delicious .
Holy cow this place is good .
I was really iffy about coming here in the beginning ...
Finally got to check out this place over the weekend and was not disappointed !
It was really dark though and they tried to increase the illumination a bit .
The veggie egg rolls were nice and crisp and had a pleasant flavor .
The broth was good but after adding the spicy bean paste and mixing in the egg , it got creamy and even better .
The beef was tender in mine .
Oh and dark rye .
The vegetables were perfectly cooked !
The bisque was too tomatoey and I did n't even see and lobster chunks in it , and the bread bowl was NOT fresh .
I loved the people - watching , too , on that busy corner .
Overall , a great experience .
The main thing that stood out to me on both visits is the professionalism of the staff .
The waiter saw we were frustrated and took one meal off the bill .
In the battle between Winners and Losers ( the bar next door ) this place deff wins !
When I arrived , the person I was meeting was late so I took a stool at the bar .
This place is not worth the trip or the money ! !
The server provided us a BOGO card for the trouble .
At the same time it is a bit overpriced for the amount of food etc .
I would definitely go back here again the next time I visit St.
The kielbasy is from Czerw 's down in Port Richmond and it is great - my partner 's family has it for Christmas every year .
Oh , and extra spicy , too !
I appreciated their apology saying the kitchen was behind on orders .
I thought the staff was super friendly- despite my hatred for the black and gold .
I do n't know what i was expecting but the boiled hot dogs threw me a bit .
OMG the Buffalo tails must be made with Crack !
The long and the short of it : A romantic little BYOB in Newtown Square that hits the mark in several areas .
Everything I 've had has been really good- from their food to their cement mixers .
Overall , this experience has been amazing .
The fish was not fresh and overall the food was just not good .
We also grabbed an order of fries .
We had chicken tacos and veggie quesadilla .
I ordered blackened fish and my daughter ordered chicken strips .
I used to get takeout here a lot , but it 's a good place to eat in as well .
Totally different tastes , so they ca n't be compared .
Why is it that the closer you get to bad neighborhoods , the better the food and more unique the restaurant is ?
Four of us went , we got spicy chicken , lomein , fried rice and the ahi bowl .
The eggs were mushy , slimy , and very watery .
I could easily eat here twice a week , plus when I do I feel like I 'm being good to my body ... yeah for Lilly 's
The mics went in and out and had a lot of interference .
I love how the restaurant is run by a family and how friendly and talkative they are every time I 'm here .
They do n't seem to have the ability to fulfill orders promptly and correctly .
This is the sad looking item I found when I got back to my office .
OK , it 's not new food , but it is a new location ( opened yesterday ) .
It 's like a religious expeirence eating these things .
I stopped by the newly renovated location today , it 's seems smaller to me .
I finally got up and went to the bar to ask the gentleman bartender for ketchup .
It was one rectangular supposed piece of roast pork , but as you cut into it there was no pork to be found .
He did n't pay attention to his customers at all .
My wife ordered that and we both agree we think it 's the best we 've ever had .
It had cream chease , smoked salmon , capers , onion and a poached egg .
We gave up and pulled up young man was at window closing register .
The andoullie sausage is amazing and tasty .
When we asked about it , we were informed that any bills over $ 50 had an 18 % gratuity .
Louis we will definitely be making a return trip to Bailey 's Range !
The waitress / hostess ignored us and took everyone else 's name down .
Every time we leave , we 're stuffed and more importantly satisfied .
It 's a good spot to go and their drinks are pretty good too .
Ribs were pretty good , as you 'd expect , even if they were a tad too fatty .
we got to see sea lions and even dolphins !
Oh yes , and it would be a 20 minute wait for coffee " because they use a percolator " .
The service , it 's ok as well .
I ordered the RW special that was salmon stuffed with a crab cake , and it was okay .
there were only 4 tables ....
salad ( s ) - I was actually a little disappointed by this beets .
The sausage and peppers pie was great and the pasta was tasty .
I had the boudin biscuit and grits plate and it was sublime .
For our appetizer we ordered eggplant , which was okay .
It was a nice , tasty , refreshing treat , but a little expensive for a cone in my opinion .
The prices on this utterly mediocre ( and I 'm being generous on that ) food are ridiculous ! !
It took us 10 minutes to have our server acknowledge us once we waited 35 minutes for a table .
There is a little bit of French in the brie cheese , avocado for the heck of it I suppose , and crab because it 's Louisiana .
I was reminded of this location of M.L.Rose .
For a Holiday weekend it was crowded , but it did n't take too long to get seated at a Hibachi table .
Which I do n't understand why when there was a bunch of noodles there and we would 've paid the extra charge .
We never felt rushed at all , despite the restaurant filling up as the night wore on .
The service was awesome and the food was very underpriced for the quality and amount .
We all tried each other 's dishes and my personal favorite was the pork chop .
However , I ordered the pho here and really regretted it .
Everything worked out on all accounts !
Tried a bunch of items , everything was great ! !
Love , love , love the Brooklyn Pizza .
The vermicelli was good .
Bakery -- very good ! !
Great great place .
I did n't discover this place until a few months ago , even though I live less than 5 minutes away .
we left very disappointed and have no desire to go back .
We waited for 15 minutes to get a table .
CONS : Service was not what I expected for the restaurant .
So glad we did n't let the one negative opinion keep us from having a good time .
One of the other things I like about this place is the unusual amounts of homeless wino 's that pass out in front of this place .
The atmosphere is nice , and fairly casual .
- always a GREAT burrito ... among the very best I 've ever had !
The donuts here are imaginative and original .
My mom hated her salmon cakes because they were overly breaded and poorly season .
Thank you Alya & company at Bareburger ! !
Rosemary 's is a family owned business and they treat you like you are part of that family .
This is one of my favorite places in town !
It 's not Broadway , but it IS a little taste of the Great Whte Way ...
Amazing place , by far my favorite restaurant in the New Orleans area .
Hawaiian piazza was loaded and tasty .
My wife had the salmon tacos , and for the side she had the chicken tortilla soup .
2 dozen raw , oyster and crab plus Brussels sprouts .
The service was great and everything definitely tasted very fresh .
It 's a very small place so it is always better if you call ahead for take out , if you can !
No biggie I like that .
I hear the pulled pork tacos were also pretty magnificent .
The flatbread appetizers were amazing , and perfectly proportioned and the salads were gigantic !
I asked if there was an ATM on site to get money out and she said no .
I would n't say this place is anything special or anything .
The food is really good and very authentic Mexican .
I came for the pho and to be honest I do n't think there is one better then another .
The burger looked as good as mine and my son concurred .
Went got a tiny expensive donut that I did n't love .
The sauce tasted like it came out of a can .
Anyways , besides that , the rolls were decent .
not fancy but good lobster .
Having worked in the service industry , our group was confused by this .
The entrees ( Icelandic cod ) were well done but rather bland .
Does that mean a mistake ca n't be made ?
I had heard the food here was great so we made a trek to the city to try it out .
My brother had left it on my dad 's kitchen .
A very simple and very casual Nashville staple sits across from Vanderbilt University on 21st Ave . , South .
As someone who counts macros this was just wonderful to see .
Rest of food was good and waitress was fairly attentive and kind of tuned in .
i ordered the ahi skewers with a " shepherd 's " side salad .
We had the chorizo sausage and a few glasses of an amazing Tempranillo wine .
We had the pleasure of meeting Chef Drew on our last visit .
Very clean eatery .
Food was a 3.5 or so , but our server Kiki pushed our rating up to 4 .
We got both the hot pot and BBQ .
Come on , I 've read the reviews ... how could I not ?
We wanted a big breakfast and we got it .
Stopped by for lunch we went to the WWII museum .
The steak came out properly cooked and at the right temperature .
It 's a good place for tourists .
Surrey 's is a must eat for any trip to NOLA .
Pizza was delicious had the meat eaters pizza .
We had the French onion soup , fried green tomatoes , alligator sausage , and grilled redfish topped with crab .
This summarizes our visit on the night of Gasparilla .
My girlfriend and I always noticed this place was crowded around lunch but never knew why .
We also had fries and tots .
Their presentation is delightful and witty .
For entrees , Emily had the grilled snapper tacos and I had the gag grouper dinner .
Oyster are great , calamari fantastic , gator good , crawfish great .
I loved Pizzicare , their Lasagna pizza was brilliant !
( I think that 's what it was called ) I got strawberry pancakes , scrambled eggs , ham , and hot - fries .
Even with 2 patties the burger felt mediocre at best .
Timpano 's is a great place for Sunday afternoon brunch or dinner .
The seating area was fairly large , including extra space upstairs ( where we were ) .
We were already forgotten before we had a chance to crack open the menus .
And yes , we are aware the guacamole is extra .
So based on our first experience here we were eager to go back so we did ...
It 's also a great place to get " grab and go " items if you 're in a rush .
Pulled pork sandwich was very good too .
There is a wonderful seating area which makes you feel like you 're in a friends backyard .
I read reviews on here before going and thought I would never visit this place until a friend of mine invited me .
The steak was an oily mess , the English muffin was cold and very obviously not toasted correctly .
My family and I was on a quick getaway trip and decided to eat here .
BYOB Just a little noisy .
We arrived at around 11:30 , were handed lunch menus .
For our entrees I had the ravioli quarto formaggio and my fiancé had the fusilli lunghi .
The selections were wide .
Their delivery was very fast .
The cocktails and food were good .
After that , waitress did n't check up on us during our entire meal .
The Mac and cheese bites are also calling to me , so it wo n't be long !
They came back again with the wrong order .
They said it was not spicy , but regular ... and proceeded to tell me my total once again .
This place has just gone down hill .
Mainly my omelet came luke warm .
Ok , I 'm good with the menu ..... Rib Eye ... gone ( it was why we came ) .
Tastee is just another reason why I love NOLA -
The inside of the inn is beautiful and historic , particularly the Library which is where our large group was seated .
The mango was perfectly ripe & there was more than 2 - 3 slices .
Everything we ordered was very nice and we had a variety of menu items .
Presentation was very nice as well .
My husband ordered the blackened chicken and while it was good it was a little over seasoned making it a tad too spicy .
But the food was delicious .
Had the French toast it was pretty tasty .
The fries were another disappointment all their own .
The venue itself has a relaxed atmosphere and the coffee is rich , caramel - like and delicious .
The wings were breaded and there was more breading than chicken .
Doc Magrogan 's does n't really look like a mojito bar , but it surprisingly must be .
The other times , the service was horrible .
On the plus side the nachos were very good and the beer was Über cold !
The BBQ boiled shrimp was very tasty as well !
Service was so poor we did n't even get to the food .
It 's tiny and a bit rundown feeling like a dive bar .
We came back today because we had one last week and it was so delicious .
My friend who used to work at a country club did n't even bother to explain to her what is actual serving .
We were also given an order of Finocchi Salsiccia , Fennel Sausage , because they forgot to provide me with silverware .
I spent two years in Philadelphia for graduate school and Tria was by far my favorite place in the whole city !
Both times the rolls we got with Tuna had an odd tinny taste .
Albasha is a total hidden gem ! !
We were seated in an efficient and friendly way .
My favorite brunch spot in Tucson ! ! !
I hung out there for a bit after I was done eating and did n't feel rushed or anything .
Gelato was amazing , as capogiro gelato always is .
Had dinner there last night & the food & service were terrific .
We did n't even have drinks when our entrees arrived .
Once last year , and twice this year ( so far ) at the different Night Markets throughout the city .
The ambience and decor is very welcoming and modern .
great choice .
Great choice .
We ordered pork shoulder and arrachera beef , which were both perfectly cooked !
And now it 's time to dig up my grandmother 's old recipe for bread pudding -- the batch on the Natchez was very tasty .
The burger , on the other hand , is perfectly average .
This was seriously one of the best meals of my ENTIRE life .
It 's a shame since I live right up the street , I keep trying to give this place a chance , but every time I leave disappointed .
But seriously , this is a great find .
The service was mediocre .
I had the strawberry frosting cupcake and the caramel cupcake and they were amazing .
This is an unassuming , no frills , traditional Chinese place .
" The Good Pie " is the classic margherita , and the chefs even use the correct type of cheese : buffalo mozzarella .
i only really noticed the birch beer because its hard to find .
I know American / Mex , Tex / Mex and auth .
My favorite part is the bar .
This year was the worst year ever .
My husband and I frequented * ndulge Cupcake Boutique at there State College location .
Best place late night ..
Our local pizza parlor , was definitely good as usual !
The wife went with the bbq pulled pork and I went with the chicken and honey mustard wrap .
Son had a chocolate scone which he devoured with no problem .
Ill be having that one next time .
They had tons of specials , most of which caught my eye , so I honestly did n't take a deep dive into the menu .
We got a cup of their soup of the day , pork dumplings , and crepes filled with breakfast food .
From the moment you step into the cake bake shop you can tells its unlike any other bakery in Indy .
My favorite restaurant is even favorite - er !
the spiritual home of Indian food .... ! ...
Three of us went to dinner and paid $ 30 !
The bakery looks great , too , though we have n't picked up anything , yet .
The meat was tender though which I liked a lot .
A woman cut right in front of us as we walked up to the hostess stand and got her party of four promptly seated .
I ordered a chicken gyro and a side salad .
The bread it was served on was tough .
We even got a free banana pudding because there was a mix up in the kitchen .
Fast forward to Sunday , we were looking for a quick place to grab brunch and I suggested we try Southgate .
She suggested this place .
Excellent experience ( both times ! ) .
The breakfast potatoes were equally as delicious !
Both of the green teas sold here were very refreshing though .
I could n't be more grateful that I live a block away .
We sampled the duck liver pate and fish mop rolls .
I will never spend my money there ever again ...
A better nearby choice for Chow Fun , IMHO , would be Pho Mein in the El Dorado .
Perfect for any time of the day or occasion .
Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere
I can HONESTLY say that Chef Bond 's recipes for all three are my favorites ever .
That 's a great deal w today 's prices .
There is also a free refill station for iced tea to the side also , which is a nice tough .
The hand cut fries were pretty tasty delishus as well !
The Whipped Feta was a particularly great starter .
So we asked for some salsa to dress it up a bit -- that took an hour and I 'm not exaggerating !
We finally sat down and booths by the bar are big .
I wo n't risk using the drive thru here again .
Found this place totally by accident .
The manager came over and checked on us , but there was no redeeming these drinks .
But I thought it was odd that they just did n't refill the pot for everyone who was waiting .
The only thing is that I wanted hot chocolate and I was told they did n't have any because it was " seasonal " .
We each got the Sixers Roll and a regular roll .
I always get a little nervous when I hear about deals on sushi but we decided to try it out and boy am I glad we did .
The nachos came in huge portions and very stuffed with cheese , jalapeños etc .
Did I mention it is also very well priced coffee ? ?
I got the etouffee and bread pudding .
( I hurt myself a lot .
except the sauce was a little overpowering at the bottom .
The server Kenneth was outstanding which really saved my rating on the stars !
I do n't know why more people do n't know about this place .
My only complaint is that it 's a little pricey .
We really loved that they are dog friendly on the patio .
We got there at 11:45 and still had to wait 40 minutes .
We are seated promptly and our waitress took our drink and appetizer order .
Right down the street from my house too , very nice !
Great food ! ! ! ! !
Han Dynasty is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia .
We had the the pulled pork waffle sandwich and pepper maple bacon flatbread .
For entrees , we 've had the Ceviche de Camaron , Chupe and Jalea .
Monstah Lobstah is now a destination next time i visit ! !
Our waitress also worked as the bartender ....... not a good combo .
It was a grab an extra roll to sop it up kind of sauce .
We had the steak fajitas , chicken fajitas , and pulled pork fajitas .
It 's a cool call - out that you do n't see at a lot of other restaurants .
That 's the shining star .
I had the house omelet .
The hot roast beef was n't hot it was barely luke warm , the bread was warmer than the meat .
First of all , they were as big as my hand , which was unexpected .
The beignets were delish !
The pesto dipping sauce for the bread was fantastically fresh and flavorful .
None of us had room for dessert , but our friend said we had to have the sweet potato pie and ordered us all an order to go .
We had Jumbo fried shrimp , and they were jumbo , lighly battered , not greasy .
Two of my friends and I had a seat at the bar .
The employee was quizzing us on the menu , not providing any answers and not being helpful in the least .
Our first time in Indy .
This place was moderately busy on a Friday night , we were way overdressed because we had to do his party afterwards .
A total gourmet delight !
Years later I 'm still thinking about how amazing their food was xoxo
We are making Rosemary 's our Saturday night place .
To start off , the lighting at our table made it very hard to see the menu and our food .
I also tried the BBQ Chicken pizza and it was okay .
I had a wonderful evening there .
The brisket is pretty good & tender , however it had a bit of fat on it which I think is disgusting .
The downside is that they definitely did n't have unagi ( eel ) which is what I truly wanted .
We had a large party and were seated without delay .
I read some reviews prior to going , and one reviewer mentioned how great the asparagus was .
You know what , our server told us " you guys only waited 22 mins . "
Dorignac 's is a great local grocery store .
Every time I come here there 's a problem .
The schnitzle was perfectly done .
I had an awesome Old Spanish Days Fiesta experience at Our Lady of Guadalupe Mercado .
The main dish I ordered was fish and it was served in tin foil .
Large overlooked dry as f turkey that you had to choke down with 8 glasses of Sprite ?
We stopped in for a late lunch after the day at the WWII museum .
We started with the tameles and were not a fan of the mushy texture ... that 's just me tho as I 'm a texture person .
My medium rare steak came out wrong 3 times , and when I asked for the manager he told me it was my fault .
Our meals were hearty , tasty , and affordable ( most entrees priced around $ 10 ) .
She told us on the way out that this was her first restaurant and she hoped we all loved it .
We all had the 3 for $ 10 meal .
My wife and I ordered from Copa tonight .
( on top of our own separate tip ) We also ordered 4 dishes and were given enough rice for only 2 .
It 's loud enough you probably ca n't hear them unless they are in your room .
Hubby got the special , which was also really good .
Shortly there after another server stopped by , Kyle , who was our designated server .
The ginger soda went well with them .
While yawning she apologized ... not a first great impression .
Soupy mac and cheese .
i think i like cafe du mondes more as they have a bit of a crunch , where these are just doughy .
Do n't bother trying to park in the lot right outside of Honeygrow .
( I ca n't spell , my apologies ) The gnocchi is made on premises and also great .
And the food is absolutely delicious !
Omelets were executed well , and the pastries were pretty impressive .
Our meals included blue ribbons , french toast , chicken , club sandwich & baked potato .
Half the tables were empty ( not exaggerating , I counted ) .
My wife too and our 3 year old son too !
It 's a chain , but damn that was bad .
I had ribs , potato salad , mac and cheese , cornbread , and a sweet tea .
I would have never gotten it like what 's the point .
They did add a 20 % gratuity so I guess they knew they would get their money ....
We got orange chicken and honey chicken lunch specials .
They are all free to play and you win some great stuff like gift certificates and even 1 cent pitchers of beer !
You pay for quality here as Zimmer 's is not the cheapest but we want real shrimp not the dried bite sized variety right ?
The fact that they locally source their meat is what drew us here and we were extremely pleased with everything we had .
Few outside tables & very nice & elegant looking inside .
It 's a bit of a dive but are most good food places .
Everyone at the table liked it , but we 're not blown away .
Excellent bar selection ! !
As I was strolling along Magazine Street I peaked in the window of what I thought was a Pastry / Cake / Sweets stuff kind of place .
Pre - ordering is KEY as we went in at 1 pm and they had run out of fancies at 9 am !
I picked the chicken souvlaki with a side of fries .
We were so uncomfortable we did not finish the food or wine and just left .
There was a locked mini bar and a safe located in the room but no fridge .
We had a large party of eight on a Saturday night .
Whatever , we just had to arrange to arrive earlier than we would have liked to hopefully secure a table , which we did .
I also got a bunch of the other sweets ( salted brownie , blondie , red velvet crumb - cake ) and a few bagels .
BTW- This was one delicious sandwich !
And my scallops were delicious !
This place was super welcoming .
By the time we ordered there were no open tables .
We had the philly roll , tempura roll , tuna roll , and california roll .
ca n't get enough of this place .
Ca n't get enough of this place .
I ordered the grouper sandwich .
We did not have a reservation or think to call ahead .
Warning though the chicken one is a little spicy and taste slightly of curry but it was perfect to me ! !
My friend had some spicy rolls and really enjoyed them .
When our salads came , my friend commented on the huge pieces of veggies that she had to cut up to eat .
One of us ordered a blue moon and it seemed to taste like a colt 45 .
I 've always liked this restaurant no matter what location I 've been to .
The burger was cooked to my liking and they were very accommodating to some topping substitutions .
One thing , it is really over priced , extremely pricey .............
It had a little spice to it and the sauce was very sweet .
Shrimp and crab pasta was good .
Cute place a bit off the beaten path - and as a bonus , there was no metered parking in front !
Anyway , when I pointed out the mistake my server said she could not take back or refund the drink .
Literally the real deal and no shortcuts .
Every dish was flavorful , inventive , fresh and amazing ! !
Rude as the day is long .
Shoulda gone for the veggies as it was just plain , bland corn .
It 's seitan and it 's just a little crispy , awesome wing sauce and your choice of blue cheese or ranch .
They were visibly invisible , and made sure all the guests were happy and satisfied .
My hubby thought the small pieces of fennel tempura were light and crispy , and the only part of the dish that he could eat .
The servers and staff know how to describe each dish , and were very helpful and attentive .
The ambiance here is a little weird , I think it 's an old Perkins or something , but that is more than made up for by the food .
My friends that had the fried chicken were happy with it .
The sauce could have been a little tangier .
Nick & Vito 's and Roseangela 's are the two best pizza places in Chicago , period .
The epitome of southern service .
The servers are also really nice and attentive which is a plus .
Now that was the only thing that went smoothly .
When our meals came to the table , frankly , they were underwhelming .
Went there for dinner during the Christmas season and it was cozy , festive , friendly .
Lemon and strawberry cake was really good as well .
Se ordered from their pre fix menu and I got the chicken .
We did not even have a chance to try their beer as we had been driving for 5 hours and needed food first .
All of the pastries we tried were delicious .
The food was pretty good too .... no it was n't grass fed beef from Fisher Farms but it was n't $ 150 either .
They took their tome to talk to me since I was not a local .
The pizza was horrible had to send it back ..
He did love the grits though !
To be honest , I probably wo n't order from here again , there are just so many other options in the area .
Overall it was a nice evening , just not what I was expecting .
Food .... and it was excellent .
My friends suggested getting there early around 4:30 and they were right .
He did n't smile ONCE during the meal service and also found it necessary to correct us on several points of preference .
I was squished and had no room to move .
He ended up putting aside most of the bread , because it was too much .
Important edit ! : Bandit coffee got in touch with me regarding my review .
This place was terrible .
For establishment to be that upscale and high - maintenance the hostesses were very unprofessional .
All of them are completely deserved , as my fiancee and I couldn'tve been more happy with every part of the dining experience .
We love this little nook in our neighborhood .
All of the tables were taken so we decided to go home and feast on the bounty we purchased .
Bit on the pricier side for a lunch but oh so worth it !
In the end , it was pretty good but it certainly did n't wow me or anything .
One of my favorite places to get Indian food in the city .
" Steak " was less than 3 oz .
The service : The servers are attentive and relaxed .
My hubby ordered grilled chicken salad and said it was wonderful .
The bartenders were nothing but rude to all of us .
After a baseball game and walking to the restaurant it would 've been nice to walk into a cool place .
Needless to say my family and friends will all keep our distance , since our money is literally no good there .
I personally had the salmon and while it was good , the vegetable flan side was the best part of the dish .
I had the fish and chips for dinner which was light and crispy and the dipping sauce was great .
Plus , the inside is so cute ! !
The rooms are attractive and well equipped .
The duck was cooked perfectly .
After our meal they gave us the best hot towels .
My son got a pho and thought it was ok .
Oh , and the pizza is delicious , too .
The cozy intimate environment was exactly what we were looking for , and the price was right .
Whenever my family wants pizza , we always go to Dewey 's .
I got to sample their chai and that was delicious as well !
The Rincon Beach Club was the PERFECT location for our wedding reception venue .
We 'll def return , we just hope we get a different server next time lol .
So we walked in they said 20 minutes went to the bar ordered a cocktail got lucky and was able to get a seat at the bar .
Second , the food was mediocre .
Some low points were that my drink ( the Outsider ) took 45 minutes to get to me and tasted strongly of lemon .
I felt like my sight had been restored and I could finally see what I had been missing out on .
My only gripe would be it 's a little bit expensive for the quality .
I surprised my girl with dinner at Bailey 's Range , and she was excited to go !
I had their gulf fish mahi mahi as an entree and mashed sweet potato as side .
We 've spent many afternoons watching games here and even had a great new years eve there this year .
Very poor service and attitude .
The bicol express was both sweet and spicy , which was a good combination .
I did n't like the duck carpaccio .
We arrived around 11 am on a Friday morning , trying to beat the afternoon rush and were seated right away .
My brother got the cheese soup , which was really good also .
Some others in our party got it as well and it was amazing ... probably one of the best fish I 've had .
To top it off , 2 of our party members ( birthday girl included ) did not receive their meals .
Bottom line : Average thai with overpriced thai tea - $ 5 ! ?
Cinnamon roll was awesome .
This location as good as any .
My hubby and I decided , on a whim , to visit , since we saw some decent ratings .
Pleasantly surprised by the presentation of the nice selections .
It is a shame that I do n't live nearby or I 'd be ordering it often !
Disclaimer : I did dine here as a couple opening week and was not impressed .
I had the " zoodles " .
Our family 's favorite place for breakfast .
My husband and I ate at this restaurant when I was in Nashville for a conference .
I suppose it would be a nice first date place .
Although I asked for it to be a little spicy and it was not spicy at all .
I turned around to make sure he was ok and he 's facing my table and coughing without covering his mouth !
I 'm always hesitant to get blackened in fear of charcoal burnt , but this was amazing !
A manager ran up to see if I was ok .
The hubby and I finally had the opportunity recently and decided to catch a matinee .
For our entrees we got the Stuffed Pepper and the Cyprus Tortelloni .
The house salad was nothing special .
I ate my salad with my fingers .
The gyro plate was also average .
The staff was accommodating , pizza good and the Lazer Tag was a blast .
Another tourist trap , and I do n't care .
Our server recommended the waffle fries and should have taken her up on it ( after reading other reviews ) .
The Shellfish Company is a good name for this restaurant as there is all kind of yummy seafood .
It pretty much ruined my day .
Pumpkin scone , Key lime cookie , chocolate cookie and cranberry oatmeal cookie ( my personal favorite ) .
Salmon meal- I was hesitant about this but surprisingly the salmon was pretty good .
Service- We were seated at a table to which none of the servers were apparently assigned .
Though it 's a secret I kind of want to keep to myself , I ca n't give this place enough love .
Oh , and about that baguette --- we could n't eat it fast enough .
We ordered the pumpkin curry , pineapple curry , and pad thai .
But my husband had the Chicken Basil and I had the Chicken Panang Curry and they were both wonderful .
My mom ordered it and she said it was killer delicious .
we had the crab Mac and cheese - a must!!-shrimp roumalade , firecracker oysters , crawfish etufee and it was all fantastic ! !
From the outside it 's blends in with the rest of the buildings but it so nice on the inside .
It was a Saturday at 6:30 when we went and the sunset and reggae music set the mood as well as the boats coming in .
Dining room has windows lining the back wall so you have a stellar view of the bay while you 're dining .
The food was n't bad , it was just okay .
The meat was so soft that it could just melt in my mouth .
For the 3 of us to have dinner it was only $ 32.00 .
I got the flank steak and it was okay .
We enjoyed the variety of restaurants at the farmers market and we 're very happy we picked B & C Market BBQ .
Instead there were 2 ladies ...
It went perfectly with the salad .
We made sure to give a generous tip to staff since the service was great regardless of the salad .
The food here overall is overpriced and crappy .
I used to live in Phoenixville when Buhos was under the previous name of Hacienda Michoacana .
The fries were pretty good .
The atmosphere , though ... loud .
As we were not prepared to do this at this time , we left , to another restaurant .
The narration on the boat was informative but way too short .
He was so knowledgable and led me in the right direction !
The view from here is amazing ( check out my picture ) .
We came here 4 days in a row and every single time was great ! !
First , we asked what were the choices for the " entree + two sides options , " on the menu and she started listing the sides .
The place is what americans think greek is - alot of white and blue !
When the bowls arrived a different server said they were not gluten free as the broth was very cloudy .
My husband had the red velvet ice cream sandwich for dessert and it was too.die.for !
I 'm glad we did this time !
The cup of tea is scalding hot
They were unique and smoked and hot and welcomed to my appetite !
This review is mainly chicken talk as Cuenelli 's Peruvian Style Rotisserie Chicken brings to the table .
We were given the bread pudding as a birthday dessert .
The peanut sauce topped them off nicely , too .
Cappelli AL Pomodoro with blackend chicken was amazing , mac n cheese was so tastey .
The nachos were burned , the hot wings reeked more of vinegar than spice , and the chicken sandwich was bland .
The glass was huge , which is always great !
I read the reviews about the excess amount of oil and butter , but did nt think too much of it , how bad could it really be right ?
We ordered 2 lamb gyros , a side order of roasted potatoes and the tabouleh .
After getting seated , the waitresses were quick to get us drinks and place our food orders .
We also had a brownie as dessert .
They also brought us complementary bread and tahini and red wine .
The server was really nice and quick .
There was one large(12 or so ) group in the corner that was being waited on by one server .
Nothing was under thought , everything was executed perfectly .
I had a piece as soon as I could get a knife .
The food is great and the awesome owner who just makes you feel so welcome really ties in the whole experience .
We 'll be back and this is a quite nice place worth checking out .
When we return to New Orleans , this wo n't be on our taste buds .
We had the salmon and swordfish both were great !
Scallion pancake- Very good .
The shrimp dan dan noodles were peanutty and creamy .
We recovered and moved to another table , while they cleaned up my spill mess .
Marco and Karina ordered the " Chilean Sea Bass w/ Tarot puree , heart of palm salad , atop a miso glaze [ 26 ] " .
Service was great , the place was so loud the wait staff had a hard time hearing us unless we raised our voice .
For dinner two of us chose the short rib mac n cheese with the others choosing the pork steak and the ribeye dinner .
I was a bit annoyed because people who came in after me got their food before me , but when I got my food , man ....
He brought us waters and promised a server would be over immediately .
But it 's no mystic pizza .
Yay for microwaved $ 8 soup .
Thought this place was just ok .
Then the " Manger / owner " hung up on us for trying to figure out how to fix the situation .
We were really excited to try this place based on their feedback about this establishment .
It was a really hard decision , knowing that the pork chop is amazing .
If we were in the city it would make sense , but not at Willow Grove .
I do n't believe I 've ever had a bad side dish from here .
It set a terrible tone for the experience and made me not want to stay and eat there .
I do n't even know why I 'm giving this one star .
We split an order , and I still could n't finish .
I always have a feeling that I am eating very unhealthy there .
We frequently went to their Brooksville location n loved it .
Really a nice surprise .
Everyone else got shrimp which everyone loved .
You order at the counter and seat yourself at any open table .
Only after I grabbed my waiter later he said they are not making another one ans would take it off my check .
We were nothing but satisfied with all of the flavor profiles we were able to enjoy during this entire meal .
After taking a look at a few trays of rock crab being served out , the wife and I both opted for it , as it looked awesome .
What a dishonest restaurant !
I ordered from the regular menu and rather enjoyed it .
The Coke slaw and fries were equally good .
There was nothing to really complain about regarding the decorations given the surrounding food stalls .
Their olive oil cake was rather simple but nonetheless delicious .
It was oddly dry for a place in PA .
We ordered our drinks and three buffets , along with one dozen chargrilled oysters , as they are not on the buffet .
We went another round of oysters before we asked for the check .
The bar and overall inside seating is pretty tightly compacted which may bother some .
The chicken my daughter got .
The pad Thai was possibly the worst I 've ever had .
Some of us have to eat this way , not just because it a choice , but because it 's about health concerns .
We were promptly seated , so I had a few minutes to look over the place before we ordered the food .
I 'm not sure why another person said it was ....
My favorites are the tandoori chicken and tikka masala .
Delish as was the meatloaf and fried shrimp !
I loved loved loved the pizza here .
Both times have been awful .
Also took 13 mins to ring our check up as he waited other tables .
Plus the guests at the hotel all stopped to compliment and pet " queen Bentley " .
We made sure to chose different things so we could try the others .
Fortunately , she was apologetic and brought out the onion rings quickly while my veggie burger was being prepared .
My coworker had the burger which looked heavenly , he also had the sweet potatoes topped with sweet potato chips .
It tasted just like syrup , medicine syrup .
I somehow just always end up here for lunches because it 's just ... there .
The coffee was n't great , but lets be honest I was there for the chocolate chip pancakes .
The orzo salad was a gem too :)
The poached eggs were cooked perfectly and it was served on top of a delicious crab cake and a hot croissant .
The best parts about Dewey 's are the crust , the wait staff , and the atmosphere .
I think my expectations were way to high .
The service is absolutely horrible and it seems like the staff is completely clueless .
as soon as you order they drop your toast , , , why ?
All other tables were clean and had no lingering bento boxes or empty soda bottles .
We were finished with our meals by the time his food arrived .
My mom 's burrito was different but still tasty .
This is one of the best Mediterranean restaurants ever ! ! ! !
I ve waited over an hour and received the wrong order twice now .
Oh , and my dining partner ordered the clam chowder - we both thought it was the best we 've ever had in Nashville !
Not bad my friends !
There 's no point in looking at the menu because you have a 50/50 chance it wo n't be there .
I did n't get his name but I added a picture on here
The food is really fresh and the atmosphere is really relaxed .
It took about a week to clear everythnig up .
Lets go to this rotisserie oven .
The filet mignon tips was really just average quality beef .
Very unfriendly to people with dietary restrictions / allergies .
I ca n't speak for the food , but the drinks are great .
The pizza 's are a little pricy but pretty good .
The guy who checked us in was professional but had no personality at all .
We refused the order , cancelled our groupon purchase and took our business elsewhere .
Afterward , the waitress called me a " neat freak " , not once but twice ...
Oh c'm on you kno wyou love it here !
I was so full by the time it came I ended up taking most of it home , but it heats up well !
We recieved a bill for $ 9.00 for a glass of pop and a hot chocolate ...
We ordered the lobster sandwich , calm chowder , and a side of onion rings .
The bella is on bottom , then the mozzarella is directly fused on top of that .
I do n't think I 've ever had a vegan meal here that I did n't absolutely love .
She pretty much just walked away like no big deal if you are not happy .
we had 3 pepperoni pizzas and one gourmet prosciutto , goat cheese and roasted pepper .
The biscuit was n't bad but even it was a tad strange being more crispy than I would expect .
Went there tonight courtesy of a Groupon purchase and was pleasantly surprised at the array of dishes .
Staff was super accommodating and courteous .
Thanks for all the yelp recommendations .
All ingredients are incredibly fresh and the dishes are thoughtfully prepared .
My items added up to ~$22 including tip but it was a good experience !
I ordered the create your own hash and the eggs were cooked to perfection , the veggie sausage was so tasty !
There appeared to be only one bartender and the place was hopping .
Then we got to $ 10 and an apology .
I ve how they pack the protein in a separate container .
and then I went inside to use the rest room ....
They are relatively small so if you get two ( which we did ) its not a big deal .
They were also not seated quickly even there seem to be plenty of staff .
I think every other mouthful came with a ' wow that 's good ' or ' there are so many flavors . '
The lobster mac and the sweet potato fries were good though .
Today was the first time we have eaten their , it wo n't be the last .
We ordered from the appetizer menu : tater tots ( not for me but maybe for you ?
My food looked like it was n't touched ! !
The sushi looked fresh and beautifully made .
We did order take out but it was still perfect !
This is the closest panaderia to my apartment , so I went in hoping to like it enough to come back .
This is just my first visit to M3 and we did n't eat only drinks at the bar .
The perfect play for a sunday morning .
My husband had the seared tuna fish salad and he said it was fresh and really tasty .
He welcomed us in warmly and proceeded o make one of the BEST pizzas I ever had .
We had the peel and eat shrimp and they were huge !
I had the Banana Foster pancakes , and Southern Pecan coffee .
Our other server ( I want to say Molly ...
Very disappointed with how she handled the situation or I guess how she did n't handle it .
I went here with a group of friends and we had the buffet lunch for $ 9 a person and it was amazing .
The hash - browns on the other hand feel short .
Provi is such a wonderful person I came here because of her .
Boiled crawfish -- amazing .
They did n't have a ton of baked goods on display or display space , but their kitchen looked massive .
Ugh ... its just not worth the $ they charge to keep giving them my business .
Ill have to get it the next time we stop by .
We went to Baileys ' Range for the first time this last Wednesday .
This place is so close and we never knew it was there .
Actually ended up leaving so I did n't try their food .
She ate all of it so I am assuming she liked it , but she did complain of a sour aftertaste .
The prime rib was great .
After hearing friends talk about this little specialty gourmet shop , I went since its across the street from me .
They heard that my sister was getting married so they offered to pay our entire table 's bill .
She even arranged it so we had fresh peaches !
We ended up getting a bottle of wine and that was smart of us Bc they have a deal on bottles of wine .
A server who was at the desk completely ignored us as we entered .
All I wanted was a refund and for them to update their description but I guess that was too hard to hear .
Was n't an exceptional experience .
I am sorry to complain about such a beautiful place .
I have to say I 'm not a fan of either mushrooms or coconut , but I have to say it was a great combination .
Burger Up is , by far , one of our favorite restaurants in the Nashville area .
My whole group was happy with our food and there was plenty left over to take home .
I ate here with my husband for dinner and was pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff , prompt service , and excellent food .
Shrimp were very small and the sausage was ok .
I had the shrimp étouffée , which was excellent .
Every single one is so unique from any donut I 've ever had and they 're unique from each other .
Of course this is New Orleans cuisine so get the po'boy , crawdad and andouille sausage were great choices .
We each had a different dish so we could try it all and it was all delicious !
All in all a GREAT Nashville experience .
They put a ton of red sauce over it ( no garlic , very little seasoning ) , and small piece of cheese that was barely melted .
Loved this place !
The coating was burnt .
That was me right before Yelp and this Taqueria saved the day ( the alternative was Rusty 's Pizza ) .
I love the concept of this place .
Everyone enjoyed their meals a lot .
She was ( * gasp * ) very attentive for an Ethiopian restaurant waitress .
I had 2 bourbons and the 2 ryes .
This is my favorite restaurant in philly .
The downside to Nox ( both times we 've visited ) is the service .
Great service and the Creme Brulee French toast was amazing .
And Ghini 's ( for the most part ) did n't disappoint .
My boyfriend and I eat here all the time .
As a native Wisconsinite , I take offense at plastic cheese .
A few of us went early to eat dinner before the guest of honor arrived .
Everything was perfectly prepared and true to its Greek roots .
We ordered two pizzas and scarfed it all down .
I loved it both times !
We were in Indianapolis on a business trip for the week and found this place in yelp .
I told him I 'm sure removing a single topping would n't cause the kitchen staff any issues ...
The omelette was swimming in grill oil and absolutely tasteless !
Then she literally put the phone down , and I could hear their conversation , none of which involved needing a Mgr on the phone .
We both had the ribeye , the gorgonzola cheese was excellent !
We got 4 appetizers and could not even finish ! !
He 's a famed restaurateur from New Orleans that sells his secret spice to restaurants everywhere .
My boyfriend enjoyed his wings , too .
My food came back quickly , it was the same good and the exact same temperature .
It 's been a while since I 've visited BayWalk ...
So many many hours later the meal finally did come to an end .
Nanu was not apologetic , did not offer concern and was certainly not making my satisfaction his priority .
I went there because they had burek ( also called pita - but it is n't pita bread ) And they had potato burek that day !
We 've eaten here a few times and had to stop and thank the Chefs every time .
Tocino Cina Pina- Did n't taste much else beside the crispy pork .
My wife made the same statement , " We waited for this ? ? ! "
I called and placed a take out our about 45 - 1hr prior to closing .
So we ended up here because Not Your Average Joe 's had an hour wait on a Wednesday night .
There was also even people arguing .
We stayed for rock n roll bingo ( which I guess is every Thursday , and free ! ) and we had a blast .
The fish tacos were good .
I did n't like this place at all .
The sauce for the chicken was definately a fat kids dream - and worth of the garlic na an I was dipping into it ! !
Had the cheese plate - it was excellent .
We even got a coupon for the next time we come in when we told our waiter it was our first time there .
Pretty awkward experience here .
I feel like I am tasting the ocean in my mouth , in the best way possible .
For the 3 days that we stayed here at the Blake Hotel , we ate breakfast , came in for drinks , for coffee , and for appetizers .
I ordered the vegetable spring rolls and shrimp pad thai .
The food is excellent as well so its a great stop for lunch or an after dinner treat .
My friend 's margaritas was red with a cherry .
we all had the flounder - and all loved it .
I know , bold statement , right ?
Quaint little place in Irvington !
The cashiers tend to seem a little frazzled , hung over and unbathed but whatever .
She was so rude that this is the first time in my life i did n't leave a tip .
I 'm not sure why he had some a weird texture and almost tasted like plastic .
They had a fish special of the night which was a drum .... never heard of that kind of fish , but it was also really good .
The atmosphere is really fitting- love the decorations and the warehouse look and feel of the place .
When I moved down here , I did n't have internet .
So much so that we went back the next day .
today , the host greeted us warmly , but my good experience ended there .
The price for 3 people eating from the buffet , 1 small bottle of sake and 1 Sapporro came out to just over $ 70 .
I heard alot about Honey 's and how the food is so good here .
The two years I 've taken part in this event have just been a blast .
My only complaint ( why 4 stars instead of 5 ) is that it 's a little expensive for what it is .
The owner Lion was very nice and you can tell he really cares about the customers and business .
Others at the table had : lamb sliders , pork belly , scallops , and fish tacos .
But , recently every time i go there the food is horrible .
The hot and sour soup is pretty decent .
It was definitely worth the 30 - minute drive ( one - way ) to pick it up .
It was packed so the best they could do was two back to back booths after a 15 minute wait .
The pickles were great .
If you are looking for authenticity , something like Miguel 's or Carmelita 's or Vallarta 's is a lot closer .
Often with a chorizo taco , there is a dribble of grease on the plate every time you turn it sideways to take a bite ...
The music was so loud , you 'd think you were at a club .
My wife had the lobster roll which was quite small and tasted mediocre at best .
Our friend had the house fried rice .
The gumbo was pretty good ; it has a bit of a kick and was an overall very hearty soup dish .
She talked to us like we were the worst people on earth because she does n't know how to explain her own restaurants policies .
If you 're feeling bold , follow a trip to DDI by rolling out to nearby Ted Drewes .
I 'm kind of glad it 's an hour away , I would gain so much weight eating here ALL the time .
The food was the best Indian food I have had in the area .
We have been to your hotel multiple times .
I am a cynical jackass and can do nothing but rave about this place .
My poor husband got the side salad and we had to go somewhere else to get him food .
Had a ribeye another evening and it came out unseasoned and grisly .
The lunch specials are awesome and the sushi was absolutely delicious !
Nice quiet restaurant in the heart of Carrollwood .
We got the feast and it was a good variety .
She got prissy and said they were the rules .
The worst thing about them , there were not enough .
When asked about the potatoes , just looked at me as if to say , you should have known Pastichio has potatoes .
What an awesome place .
And the flavor is savory .
Servers were very friendly and highly efficient .
I have absolutely no need to even bother ordering this anywhere else .
I ordered a Paulaner and the Copa burger with Spanish fries .
I 've been to plenty of Panera 's , and I 'm usually a fan .
The place is similar to most of the good Texas BBQ joints I 've been to in the Lone Star State .
What a great presentation !
Everyone at our table was satisfied with the food and service .
You have to bus your own table , including separating , utensils from bowls from trash from recyclables .
Great job ! ! ! ! !
When we were seated , we ordered promptly , though waited a little too long for our food to arrive .
I recommend spending your money elsewhere - this was the worst dining experience I 've ever endured .
We sat for 15 minutes before waitress came over to ask what we wanted to drink .
The Caprese had mozzerlla , tomoato , basil pesto on grilled Italian bread .
The tacos and ceviche were delicious and the price was great !
The pork belly was decent .
We both ordered the Five Meat Treat ; they gave us plenty of food .
I do n't know the menu and asked him some questions and he knew about as much as I did .
The fried squid we ordered was tasty , but really greasy .
I did n't have time however because it took about 12 minutes to come out and some of us do n't have all day .
But the service , which is a huge reason to spend your hard - earned $ at a restaurant , was absolutely horrendous .
They basically get to decide what service they want and what they do n't and you ca n't depend on when they will be there .
-Atchafalaya pizza : topped with seafood goodies :) the crust was super thin and overall delish !
The place overall is clean .
The grill had n't been cleaned between courses , and there was a palatable taste that just seemed incorrect .
There is no wine menu , he just brought out two bottles and I chose one .
Our waitress never once came over to ask how the apps or even the entree were .
This is truly a unique and tasty place to stop for breakfast / brunch with a relaxed environment and friendly staff .
I also had the truffle fries , very gluttonous but very tasty and I would suggest sharing them ... well maybe .
Then she gives me the " whatsamattayou " face .
Well , three employees were there talking fairly loud .
Shrimp Risotto was perfect and my Chicken Malenesa was e cellent .
The music was a little loud downstairs to the point of having to walk out for a phone call , but otherwise no complaints .
My husband did not eat his though as the sauce for the noodle bowl smelt very fish sauce - y which he found off - putting .
It was a dark thick gravy and it had very little Seafood .
Great service - they kept my champagne glass filled the whole night !
My husband said his chicken was dry .
- A bit out of the way from the French Quarter but it 's definitely worth the $ 8 cab ride to the cafe .
The employees here act as if they are being forced to work .... and they ai n't happy about it .
After our recent trip to New Orleans , I came back to Reno appreciating this place even more than before !
My husband raved about the initiative taken by the restaurant .
We really enjoy dining here and we love the tacos and bowls .
The courtyard is beautiful and I just had to turn into a tourist and take a picture in front of the fountain with my mom .
This time the appetizers were all in stock , and the only thing they were out of was sweet potato fries - not a big deal .
I ordered a bbq chicken pizza and it was really good .
I got the special , chicken and toast .
I wish we had the courage to tell the waitress that what we ordered did not come out right .
The veggies were covered in butter and oil , and my shrimp was sitting very lonely on the other side of the plate by itself .
When we were they we had trouble getting through the shop to get to the desk to check in .
Overall , the food was good , and Lou was very nice on the phone and professional .
You 've got a lotta nerve calling your place New York Pizza .
I do n't plan on being back too often , but it 's good to know my comfort food is so close again .
My crepe was soggy and a little gross .
I tried this place on a Saturday afternoon around 3 p.m.
We decided on the coconut cream cake and lemon sorbet- both excellent ! !
It 's a relatively small space , there are maybe only 7 tables inside .
He was rushed & apologized for the lack of wine choices .
It was light and refreshing and I loved the spicy pecan candied garnish .
Definitely my new favorite special .
Extremely mouth - burning , but with delicious flavors that were sweet , earthy , and fresh .
She always makes us feel like a part of the Danny Boy Family !
We went there last night for the first time .
Staff was rude and food was horrible , cold and dry
Jalapeño Grits - not hot - just piquant enough and so very , very sweet and buttery ... mmm .
The chicken piccata was good as well .
I tasted pretty much a bit of everything .
I will say there was just a couple of slip - ups ( improvements ) .
My bf used their bathroom and we went to Standard Tap instead .
That took about 10 minutes to correct .
As a sserver I would tell the manager immediately that the food is taking long .
This place is awesome ! ! !
The best part about Mi Ranchito in my opinion ...
The thin catfish had a great texture and flavor and paired very well with that delicious sauce - so unexpectedly good .
The turkey burger was okay after you peel away all of the bread ... more bread than burger .
The calamari looked like flat noodles .
When I got there I decided to walk around the entire store to see what kind of goodies I wanted to buy .
It 's obvious that great care has gone into crafting the menu items .
My friend recommended this place .
I really had high expectations for this place !
Their to go cups are also really cute .
Kiddos shared burgers and Mac and cheese and loved it too .
These little details make a difference .
We had the great fortune of meeting TJ , the very talented bartender .
I ended up sitting at the bar to see the awesome chef cooking for everyone in the restaurant .
The bread was very spicy but definitely good .
And it 's only the half sized version !
The atmosphere was no better .
They are really nice about it , and the waitress said they would be careful about it .
Ca n't wait to go back and to eat my leftovers !
Perhaps my overall disappointment clouds my review but the only thing that stood out was the shrimp pilpil .
Ordered take out and waited over an hour and fifteen minutes for our food which was just a breakfast sandwich and grit plate .
Thinking his pizza was on the way we went ahead and started eating .
The bar is downstairs from the main entrance , and our large group colonised the large high - top in the middle of the bar area .
The weird two - person booth seating can be a squeeze , though .
( This is n't just Joe 's Stuff or a dumping of Cayenne , these guys know what they are doing ) .
There is no pricing listed anywhere so you order and then get surprised by what you are asked to pay .
The curry was hot and smelt amazing , and tasted even better .
We asked for sweet and low with one of our unsweet teas and did n't receive it .
I do like the locally sourced menu items and the open kitchen .
it took us over 2.5hrs for my friends and I to have dinner .
Luke 's s&g are pretty darn good , and the lunch size is perfect .
It 's so wonderful to live in a city that offers such a diversity of cuisine .
The entrees were a bit expensive but good ..
I had the elk and it was fantastic ...
It took forever to get our food and the food was good but nothing amazing .
Check this place out when you 're around there , you wo n't be disappointed .
Overall , the service was slow and not very attentive .
Wine list a little overpriced ...
It was just the right amount of spice .
But def do nt dine here .
It was decorated nicely for the Christmas holiday .
Same gloves ! ! ! ! ! !
They own Stella Blu and Bella Luna Pizza not even a block away .
But the food was quite wonderful .
My partner and I went there for brunch today .
Unfortunately , a disappointing experience .
Honestly , a few minor things notwithstanding , I really love this place .
The service was stellar .
After another 10 minutes she returns and took our order .
This is my favorite Sushi restaurant in Indy .
We were told 20 minutes .
After coming back , he asked what dessert we wanted , so we ordered some coffees ...
We have been very excited to try this spot out as a new place for us .
He asked that I quote him in this review , so here goes " It 's my ' perfect ' but ' perfect ' is relative .
I did n't feel like sending it back , but come on people ...
My friend and I split an enchilada platter .
This time I checked their Facebook and there was no information regarding the extended closure .
A great ( but tiny ) place that is very rowdy and loud- but the food is deliciously fattening !
Totally upset me but I decided to just leave with the bill we were given .
I ordered the half chicken salad sandwich and side salad .
We would n't have written corporate if the server had been concerned about my wife 's burn .
The buffalo wings was good , the grouper sandwich was just ok , the grilled cheese was good too .
The other HH dishes are great too .
I could 've have an allergic reaction because of their ignorance .
We had people on our backs coughing on us while sitting at the bar trying to enjoy it .
The only negative is the extremely long wait for our food .
What to eat : Italian ( my fav ) or tuna hoagie , chicken or regular cheese steak , buffalo wings .
They forgot to use our free Appetizer Yelp coupon .
For dessert we had an orange float , which we also quite enjoyed .
My girlfriends and I came here later for dinner one night after a long day ....
The bun was VERY deceiving in that it was 2 - 3 times larger than the " burger " .
Ill eat there if I 'm with a group that wants to go , but its not my # 1 .
The table next to us had about 6 people and were dominating the noise space of the entire dining area .
This really is a great find just outside the French Quarter !
Spanish food and The Hill do n't go together ... right ?
And everyone loved the BBQ chicken pizza !
I came around lunch time when it was insanely busy .
Our waiter Gregory N who formerly worked for a well known restaurant in town was humorous , professional and a native of NOLA .
I have never been so insulted and talked down to in my life .
There were a lot of choices , so I selected one of each .
No matter what night we go .... Service and food is always excellent .
He got the Philly Cheese steak and I got the Super Gyro , yummmmm !
They had sandwiches that looked delicious , and wraps as well .
Very happy with the service and food here .
I walked in and sat at the bar .
The clams were sooo fresh , super sweet and great texture !
We had to wait outside for about an hour .
This is always my first stop whenever I come to The Big Easy .
My family and I had a great experience .
It was cooked just how I asked ( medium ) , but there was n't a whole lot of guac on it , so I asked for a side , so I was happy !
The food was fresh , hot , tasty and above all ....
From the second you walk in the door , you 're greeted by the adorable woman at the counter .
Poor tourists !
So they take all the bottles and pour it into this man made river in a special ceremony .
This is a great addition to Olde City
All the ingredients were fresh and delicious .
We were visiting for a restaurant review and WOW were we ever treated to an awesome time !
We can see them sitting there getting watered down for like 15 minutes .
The cherries were a sort of candied cherry - interesting , but sweet with a very dense crust .
Also service was horrible , the woman that took care of us was extremely grouchy , hardly came over to us .
Marie , in which the owner had to further explain .
Bland and unappealing .
The sole issue is that service was slightly slow , and I think that 's just a new - restaurant issue .
I was there for lunch so it was n't too busy .
Once for a friend 's birthday and this past weekend for my boyfriend 's birthday / Valentines Day .
I got the big box , 3 chicken strips , biscuit rice and beans and Cajun fries .
I recently moved from Tampa to Tallahassee and the thing I miss most is Al 's .
The clerk harassed me and threatened me .
Staff greeted me right away and handed their menu .
He also refused us other seating to where the Windows were open for our dining experience .
I 've been to a lot of Pho Restaurant but this is the worst one ....
I was surprised to be seated next to another party on the same table with just a small partition separating us .
The pho was a little funky ...
Not very romantic for valentines day but we went with it .
We heard midtown is the spot .
if you want to believe , you do n't have to feel like you 're in a train station .
Now I am a Banh Mi snob ... yeah I said it .
We arrived here late Saturday night for dinner .
This was my very 1st time in New Orleans .
Café Beignet is located in a public park , so there are often times jazz musicians playing for you .
Even with the amount of people they had , it ran so smoothly .
In addition the server was not very understanding and did not offer her anything while she was waiting .
I had the Greek omelet which was awesome .
i had the best bowl of soup i 've ever had in my life at this place last night .
Hands down , my absolute favorite neighborhood restaurant - it 's always my first choice .
Workers here are friendly .
Smittys seafood down the road is 1000 % better
Since its an IHOP , it 's not like there 's anything all that different in the menu , but the food was really good .
The burger was nothing special , but it was fine .
The supreme sub was a disappointment .
At this point , it was wet and cold and we did n't really care that much where we got a meal .
A nice BYO location that is n't too far from Penn 's campus .
The first time we waited over an hour for our food , never mind that the restaurant was just about empty .
I decided on the good pie .
We are from out of town staying the night in Reno and we 're looking for something close to our hotel .
No seats , so our party of six sat at the bar .
The food is imaginative and tasty .
I sat at the bar and was greeted by many of the servers with a smile .
The pizza was better in the restaurant .
I really enjoyed the food and price is reasonable .
Both of our entrees were incredibly delicious - the best Thai food we 've had in Nashville , by far .
Last night was Mexican Night .
I bought water ice since it was incredibly hot - yum mango .
Chose seating outside , the view of the fountain was beautiful .
Ate there last night with the family .
The canned music was a disconnect with the whole experience .
True to rave reviews here , lunch at Luke was a standout of my visit to the Big Easy .
So we are seated in the main room at a 6 top .
I frequent El Camino for the pitchers and the pig wings which are unreal but last night was really sub par .
It was a great stop after dances as well as many nights hitting the bars in Fat City .
Manager was present and checking on people .
Apparently Nashvillians do n't know how to use a double lane drive through .
THE most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed at .
What a shame , they tend to make little mistakes here , but the food is so good .
When we paid , the manager allowed us to use an expired gift card .
This place is adorable .
I do n't think this guy knew anything about food or had ever waited tables in his life .
I did really like the veggies in the dish though .
I live about 15 miles away but do n't mind stopping by on weekends .
It 's a tad hipstery but very charming .
Ca n't go wrong , it 's a great addition to SoHo .
I grabbed a king cake donut slice and a glazed and I have to say I was not blown away .
Only had the fried chicken but it was hot and fresh .
They finally answered the phone and talked with a customer who never received their order .
We were handed our bag ( we double checked it for accuracy ) with drinks and were on our way .
Hidden in the northeast side of The City Market , Café Olivia is a must try .
I ordered a brisket sandwich .
I wonder if they just reheated old fried pickles because yuck , I 've never tasted such gross fried pickles before .
But then as we were eating it , my guest realized that she was chewing on a wrapper .
So I suggested we walk over for supper .
Gator gumbo with fried mac and cheese .
We started with the cheesy garlic bread , which was the highlight of the meal .
I came in here the other night for a post - show snack after seeing a ESO performance at the Winspear .
The service was nice and quick .
She was placing orders as to - go for people looking to dine - in and had to have the manager place orders for her .
But I wo n't rest BCD 's fate with me on one sandwich alone .
they gave me a complimentary edamame :-) .
The 2 plain steaks were well received , but the two other steaks were completely messed up ( ie .
Very cool idea a must try ! !
They only have one dessert , a fried ice cream , but it is delicious .
I make it a point to stop in this little diner every time I go to New Orleans .
It 's not my favorite cart but still a good stand by .
The best part - never miss a second of the match since there 's TVs in the restroom !
just got back from agustin , and i offer my report for your delectation .
Delishous pho I am a big time fan !
Markkus was our server and was awesome .
Had a lovely breakfast here ...
Our server was especially knowledgeable of the menu and did a great job being personable without being intrusive .
Wow ... this is a pretty interesting burger place on a pretty non - interesting street
This place ... exists ?
I had the smoked salmon , shrimp rolls and calamari .
It also had a sweetness to it .
For our entre , we ordered a California roll , spicy tuna roll , the Diga roll and the Eagle roll .
We got fries for our side and they were good as well .
There was no manager , no sorries and he simply brought the check .
Jambalaya was very good as well .
The carne asada fries are delicious and remind me of home .
The spices were savory and smokey with just enough heat to be intriguing but still approachable .
The carrots were cold and crisp and the flavors were fantastic .
And the waffle fries were excellent .
The food came quickly and the staff was extreme nice .
The worse part about this is I should have cut my losses ...
Came with the family based on a recommendation and was not disappointed .
The stuffed oysters have definitely been the best oysters I 've had in NOLA thus far ...
Jones is one of our go to casual dinner places when we have family in town .
This is a great place to stop by for lunch and I would recommend it to anybody heading into French Market .
The place was clean , efficient , and really good .
She still should have checked on her tables food and made sure it did n't just in the window .
Terrible experience !
Nope , he squeezed the crap out of the bottle and completely drenched it .
The fried fish is so flakey and delicious , paired with fresh cabbage , tomatoes , avocado and Sriracha mayo .
I liked the selection .
The salad bar .. blue cheese was off the hook yum .
What a great dining adventure !
Included are some photos and there was some patchwork in the shower but again , I do n't think that 's a big deal .
The antipasto was a mixed bag .
I also do n't like how I ordered extra cheese and it did n't even cover the entire pizza .
It is located in the Cortex area , so it is pretty dead on the weekend .
Our server , Ashley , was not interested in providing any semblance of customer service ... RUDE !
So glad they are opened A great exsperience in there new place ..
The really bad thing was that is was their crawfish boil day so most of the things on the menu were n't available to order .
Ingredients all tasted fresh , very refreshing .
The staff went out of there way to make us feel at home and see that our every wish and desire was satisfied .
It 's spacious which is different than the other locations .
The service was real quick .
The hash was also delicious !
It was AWFUL and tasted like it had no tequila in it at all .
I choose my favorite vegetable , asparagus as mine .
The food is so delicious .
Annoying to have to drive all the way back !
Fish Ribs -w/ charred corn , tamarind & herbs - The corns were crunchy and fresh .
Had the salmon and it was so tasty !
If I had to say one positive thing about it , I 'd say that I 'm 90 % positive that the steak was made from actual beef !
The girls and I walked right in on a Friday night with a few bottles of wine in hand and had a wonderful experience at Zorbas .
We had some time to kill before a flight back to CA , so we stopped here with some friends who live in the area .
I had the Texas Cheese Fries for an appetizer , oh goodness .
The jazz trio was really fun to listen to .
We arrived just before closing which we did n't intend to , and the staff did n't seem a tad bit bothered .
My friend ordered the Balsamic Salmon and it was good as well .
The bathrooms were super clean .
We were visiting Nashville for business and everyone raved about this place so we had to try it .
The grilled steak and chicken in the fajita and Vippy 's special are family favorites !
No spoon offered ( this place is chopsticks only ) , so had to drink the soup from the bowl .. , classy .
It does n't matter where you come from you will feel at home at Moon 's .
I really like their layout .
I got the BLTE -- bacon , arugula , tomato , a fried egg , and chipotle mayo -- and it was soooo good .
Overall the employees were awesome and food was to die for ! ! ! !
It may be just because I was so happy to find a boba place here .
I took my family to the restaurant about 10 days ago .
Ca n't say enough good things about this place ! !
We also had a person in our group that was a vegetarian and Vanessa at the register was so helpful !
The mustard greens salty and hubby 's red beans n rice was bean flavored only .
The rice tasted like Minute Rice .
This place was like being at Paddy 's Pub but it was cleaner , bigger and had tvs !
It was actually her birthday but she somehow made us feel special !
We went tonight for dinner around 6 and the bar was already full by then and the dining rooms were filling up fast .
While the service was lovely and the dining room cozy , the meal was underwhelming .
Platter - pork was really moist and tasty .
We were too full to even look at the dessert menu , but I am sure there were some great options on there !
We were not given bread even though other guests got it .
Pretty average breakfast place .
Like many of NOLA 's best restaurants , the interior is nothing special and the exterior is unassuming , but do n't be put off .
Our drink orders were not what we ordered .
Last weekend I had an incredible weekend in New Orleans with my family .
They are delicious and so are the short rib french fries ..
I would rate it 10 stars ! ! !
All that said , the food I had was palatable .
Cacia 's Bakery next door will seal that decision if you visit both shops like we did .
I had the Chile con Carne omelette ( $ 8.95 ) which comes with potatoes ( your choice ) and toast .
But they just popped there head in and left .
Part of it may have to do with the fact that we were the youngest people in the place by about 40 years .
We split a basket combo , and I realize you might be wondering " Why did you SPLIT a combo ?
We 've been to enough of restaurants like this to know what to expect so I think it was a bit much that we spent nearly $ 90 .
The place is impeccably clean .
We came here by chance when a nearby restaurant was crowded .
The au gratin potatoes were a little rich but a great addition .
FUN FACT : The area is desolate so there 's really no best way in or out on foot .
From the moment you meet the host and you server , all are very friendly and helpful .
The food was poorly cooked ( unmashed mashed potatoes , flat biscuits ) and it came to the table cold .
We went to SP for the first time last night .
The service was extremely slow on a pretty empty early evening week night .
But the steak and chicken were pretty good .
The bartender was on point and the rest of the staff seemed friendly enough .
Great service and great !
I lived across the street from the Block during the summer and I went there 3 times within the span of 2 months .
We ordered $ 77.74 worth of food .
We 've been trying to go here for a while and for some reason or another it has n't happened .
During winter months sit in the room on the opposite side of the door ...
The best thing here was the burger !
She also remembered the lemon for my water ( somehow always a big deal to me ... it 's the little things ) !
There 's a sort - of line that forms by the bar , but no one working there organizes it at all .
It makes you feel like you got ta eat and leave asap ... no relaxing .
I 've eaten at this restaurant many years ago on Walnut St.
It 's looking like this place is a lot better than my first impression .
the acai bowls are amazing
The fish tacos were good , not the best , but for the price and how quickly they were prepared , I was very happy .
After leaving Philly we spent a few days in the Big Apple .
but these guys were right out front when they called me .
It 's all about the sauce or " gravy " and Ralph 's did not disappoint .
thank you for one of the very few great dinners i 've had in tucson ! ! !
Just visited Station 52 today for lunch and was disappointed .
The burger was disgusting , it looked like a McDonalds hamburger but greasier .
I figured the bullets would n't start flying until we all got fed , so I was safe for a few minutes .
We ordered it with pork and it had maybe 5 little pieces of ground pork .
The Philly Steak and carrot ginger drink was absolutely delicious !
My family and I were super excited that Persian room opened in Tucson .
Parked in someone 's lot , did n't get towed .
I 'm very disappointed as I like Growler 's and tell my friends about what a great place it is .
I overheard them saying that their goal was to give customers as much value as possible , hence the affordable prices !
The tour guide pointed out some interesting things but my biggest problem was that there was no jazz music .
My other favorite course was the lamb , it was so tender and fell right off the shank .
The main course was n't long coming .
The first was last fall with work ( gratis , natch ) and more recently in June for my birthday .
The sides are a pretty big size too .
hearing about this place and I automatically knew I had to come and try it out .
The staff was really nice .
The tortilla was also just a touch on the too chewy side .
If he 's tending when you walk in go straight to the back for a table or head to Stadium bar down the street
The service was good but was attentive to the point of being slightly overbearing .
The coffee was also pretty good .
There are only three tables crammed into a small nook which should onlyt .
I ordered the country Benedict and it was awesome !
For dinner we ordered the JALEA mix & the tallarin verde ..
Went here on Xmas eve or Xmas day and it was one of the only places open .
they both came back separately and argued that it was in fact lobster .
We got the S'mores pudding .
He did n't hesitate to say the filet mignon sandwich .
We also grabbed some dessert .
We were so disappointed with our limited options that we decided to come back to dinner the same night .
It came out hot , not greasy or chewy .
Now there are fewer locations so hopefully this wo n't keep happening to me .
Both the smores and classic french toast were very good !
There were only two other tables seated in the main dinning room when we arrived and they were wrapping up to leave .
I was stoked to see that Fish and Chips was a very nice plate of fish and chips .
They also liked the Yucca and rice .
Their patio is large and delightful as
The food was excellent as well as the service .
It was like scalloped potatoes but after they cut it into slices they put it all back into a potato shape .
Cozy atmosphere ( quite small but that 's another reason I loved it ) and the band was amazingly talented .
I returned to Paradise Bakery & Cafe to give them another shot and , boy , am I glad I did !
I also had a pancake and that was delicious .
We also ordered the crawfish bisque which was creamy smooth .
I really can only attest to some of the appetizers and the DOSA's! .... AND , their GARLIC NAAN 's have always been perfect .
Several hours after I left , I realized that I had left my phone on the table .
The food is very authentic and old family style italian .
My mouth is watering thinking about it , I ca n't wait until I visit again
Words ca n't describe how let down and sad my taste buds were .
We particularly liked the crocodile - themed wall painting over the front door .
The art is super cute and it 's in the perfect location !
My family and I came to visit Reno for a weekend and we came here two days in a row because it was just that good !
She told me that the bill came out to be $ 3.16 .
The fries were alright , a bit too salty for me , but he liked them a lot and finished mine along with his !
The attention to detail with the remodel was outstanding , it almost feels like you are in a Harry Potter movie or something .
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5 , with 5 being " Outstanding " .
TWO THINGS : best SHRIMP N GRITS I 've ever had ( I live in TX ) and best PECAN PIE I 've ever had ( literally melts in your mouth ) .
Overall the ginger beef was great .
She did ask the four guys behind us many times , and I even heard her say they were getting 16 oz beers for the price of a 9 oz .
Very very good pizza .
there was a small amount of egg on the very surface of bread ..
Without question , the best bagels in the St.
not mine and the waiter did n't offer anything ( free drink , re - do it , etc ) other than a half - hearted apology .
Was pretty impressed , I had the crab cakes , wife had the quiche and daughter had the shrimp and grits .
But I would n't go near that place with a party of more than 4 .
When we asked which sandwich was ours , we were basically ignored as the girl put up two more orders .
My choices were great .
The pad thai noodles were no longer than than half an inch long , and tasted like they were cooked in butter and not much else .
We got the tater tot fondue to start which was delicious .
I also ordered some hot wings and they were pretty good .
My family and I eat here often and I have never been disappointed .
Between the 3 of us we ordered a moderately priced wine , 3 filet 's ( you can change around the side orders if you want .
Unfortunately I was so disappointed and mad that I took my mom here for lunch .
We arrived for a semi late Sunday dinner after some gambling at the Casino- Very dead , only one other group there .
I ordered the pasta dish of the day , which was so fabulous .
The moment we walked in , the manager greeted us in a lackluster style .
I 'm a huge fan of Pho Tai Nam and the meats in this noodle bowl are just wonderful .
I fell outside the restaurant and was greeted with an entire first aid kit and staff constantly checking up on me .
To this day it 's still my favorite thing there , and in my top 5 favorite foods on earth .
Just left there ... horrible service and miserable employees .
For our entrees , the Wife had a white fish , with crab meat , and I went with the shrimp and grits .
Did n't have any food but the drinks were great and the atmosphere is cozy and cool .
I hate looking at my food in the drive thru but now I have to because it 's never right .
The donuts were nothing to write home about , did n't taste particularly fresh and there were n't many options to chose from .
Drinks came pretty quickly and the server was very nice .
I did n't mind it but it did n't meet my expectations .
I was so angry that I vowed to open a yelp account and DID !
It 's horrifically loud at all hours of the day because they host about 3 conventions at one time .
We got some take out tonight and the food was absolutely delicious .
The parking lot is a bit shady , but that s to be expected in that area of indy .
The food of course is overpriced ( I had lunch / dinner at Wasabi .
the scallops , the chicken , both in black bean sauce were wonderful .
In a nutshell , i should 've gotten my lazy ass up and drove to Jamaican Ds ...
Overall FIVE stars ! !
The kuchen flatbread is fantastic .
She came right away , and later the chef sent us some amazing fried donuts on the house .
I had the Stir fry tofu .
The sandwich was fantastic !
If you ca n't find something you like there 's a problem .
The management I have met twice while dining and they are also very friendly outgoing and really appreciate me being there .
Problem with pizza is that they do n't slice it up which I found odd .
I waited a long time to finally try this place and I have to say I was let down a bit .
A rose by any other name ..... FINALLY .... A great place for sushi in the Northwest !
Perfect choice in Philadelphia 's Chinatown !
they do n't have sweet tea .
It was bland and seemed like it did n't have any seasoning at all .
No apology , no coming to find us , nothing .
Heed my warning and do n't waste a dime here .
Place is neat and kitchen is good ..
Although the name is super - corny , it 's very fitting .
I did n't think mine was that great but I suppose it 's more of a novelty drink .
Another thing that I found odd was that they did n't have any ketchup dispensers , they only had packets of ketchup .
We were so stuffed we could n't bring ourselves to order the bread pudding .
The decoration and overall ambiance is excellent .
this is a great spot .
My lady friend and I split a belgian waffle , topped with ice cream .
It took my 10 - 15 minute walk down to about 3 minutes !
Our corn bisque and Sonoran gyro dinner was excellent .
My mom 's birthday cake last year was wonderful .
Since Honeys is one of our favorite places to get brunch , we knew that we would have to wait up to an hour for a table .
It will now be our new spot
I got the pan seared sea bream and she got the rabbit .
Onion soup unique .
I do n't know why they were open if nothing was ready to eat or they were out of stuff .
He saw us throw it in the trash and did not make it right .
The brunch food at Slate was outstanding .
Everything we had , from the appetizers to the entrees were finger - licking good .
3 Little scallops ( COLD ! ! !
We got 4 tacos , the campechana and a horchata ..
i 've not eaten a lot of pho and was n't sure what to order , though .
The food is delicious and the atmosphere is relaxing .
The back room is much quieter and made for a great place to enjoy our food and chat with our friends .
They were perfectly sized and the mixed berry was clearly the winner being tart and not too sweet .
It was overly warm in the restaurant ; as though the air was n't on and no ice was offered for our waters .
I was disappointed in the crawfish .
The raw bar selections were very good , local oysters , giant shrimp and king crab .
the boy had the red beans and rice which he said was just ok .
I ordered the smokey chicken pizza which arrived pretty quickly .
I have eaten at the restaurant in Rivergate many times so I was thrilled to discover that there is one in Smyrna .
The meat and veggie mixture reminded me of French onion soup .
The duck fat fries were outstanding also .
The Decor very run down looking food was just average at best and the guy that seated us acted like he hated his job .
The menu choices were appealing and we put in an order for two burgers , fries , a fish sandwich and trail salad .
Also , great location right on the Delaware River .
We were in from out of town and went here due to the reviews and awesome looking pastries .
This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the greater Santa Barbara area
Grilled asparagus was perfect and the Lobster Mac and cheese and the au gratin potatoes were decadent sides .
then we finished with a small plate of sushi which I must say was outstanding .
We also ordered the fried oyster , bacon , romaine lettuce , and avocado salad which was decent .
A little too sweet for my personal preference , but that 's not a bad flaw to have !
We recently dined here with a large group while we were all in town for our annual convention .
That 's all that was missing , a crunch .
That said I did n't peruse their beers on tap so maybe that 's more of a focus .
Service : I sat at the bar , it was OK but nothing special .
The atmosphere is fresh and well done .
Finally , we go to pay the bill , and only then are we told that the place is basically cash only .
Several tables near us had small children .
We decided to go inside to the bar to order our margaritas .
Hey , it met all my standards .
The are probably the friendliest neighborhood pizza place .
The rolls themselves were n't anything exciting , but were tasty enough .
We were there more than an hour before our burgers were served to us .
In a word , disappointing .
Recently had a horrible experience here .
It was around 6 pm , so we reached for the happy hour menu ( 4 - 7 pm M - F ) .
I ordered my donuts .
Great service , food was ok ..
Honestly , for the money I do n't think it was worth it .
Ca n't wait to see what the next chef specials will be !
Also the tuna tar tar and ceviche are delicious .
It appeared to be a slow day -- but it was before noon , so we can not judge .
The food order was wrong , the drink order was improperly charged , we had to go to the bar for silverware .
There was barely anything on it and they served me a broken bagel .
I thought this place was a little stuffy and loaded with tourists .
But seriously , I wish we had just waited in line for an hour at the Pancake Pantry instead .
Our food always comes out super quick and is the best Mexican food I 've had in St.
Had a caprese panini and it was absolutely
Nick , the owner , was eating at one of the tables and would get up and help the staff and check on the customers .
) This restaurant was good years ago ..
You can stand directly in front of them and speak into their face and you will feel like maybe you suddenly became invisible .
The 3rd floor King Room had a balcony on the side overlooking Bienville .
8 minutes later the check arrived , but not before 2 other tables had to go up to hug central and ask for their server , too .
Oh and the person who was supposed to take over her tables never got us anything else to drink .
Treated by our son who knows his Hibachi well , we had an awesome experience ! !
Best presentation ever .
However the salsa verde was a total disappointment .
My friend commented her Thai peanut sauce was also blander than she had expected .
Place was full at 5 and people did n't get food until past 6 !
We both ordered steaks .
This is one of my favorite choices for ambiance in the whole city .
The bloody mary and the home made Pina colada was the bomb .
Walked here from my hotel and I was pleased .
Absolutely the worst steakhouse in Philadelphia .
I got the blueberry stuff but it 's just a pancake .
So pleased I randomly picked this place to eat after my flight got in .
Went here for dinner on 10/9/2014 with a party of 6 .
That pasta was dry as a bone .
The two employees , waiter and cook , were unmoved but did offer a free dessert .
I came to Chaat and Chai with high hopes , but I was disappointed .
Our server seemed very overwhelmed but the restaurant was n't even packed .
We ended up getting 2 small desserts .
The bun was fresh and pretty tasty .
There 's a bunch of history behind the hot cross bun , and Patricia , the executive chef , took the time to tell us .
The place was not crowded so we were seated right away and our waiter was pretty consistently in our grills .
The spring rolls were delicious dipped in the wasabi mayo or simply eaten alone .
Their cardamom iced tea was very good .
We tried to stop in one night around 9 but he was closed even though the sign ( and he ) said open til 1130 the night before .
The food was amazing , service was great , and the ambiance was just right !
The open air environment was very nice and I will make sure to come back here when I am in the area !
I stopped by Café Beignet ( bourbon street location ) during my food tour of New Orleans .
The falafel was also ok .
Was hoping to go to waltzs but they were closed , so we went to sculleys .
He asked about our day , recommended cocktails and was a completely genuine person .
Then all of a sudden several tables worth of food came out all at once .
Place is small and did nt really have many pastries made the morning i was there .
My co - workers also enjoyed their food !
The food was phenomenal - We split almost every app on the menu , all very good .
Had dinner there with some clients and it was a very nice experience .
Best place to get breakfast in Tampa .
I am originally from AZ./New Mexico ... "I know street style tacos" ... @ $ 1.25 a STEAL ! ! !
The food was great and the staff asked multiple times how everything was .
They put a spin on everything ... even the ketchup .
I ordered two chicken " tinga " tacos and one chicken quesadilla .
The chicken itself was really juicy , but my friend thought it was under - seasoned .
I had the fried chicken sandwich .
Perfect little neighborhood place .
Many other places in town have better .
Myself and both in - laws had visited , one of which was senior .
This place is a little deceiving ( its a small restaurant in a strip mall ) but boy , does it deliver .
Hellas is excellent and will be our go to place from now on !
and the lighting is lovely ..
We ordered the pierogies as an appetizer and for my meal I had the Texas BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich .
I was n't sure if it was a mix from their private collection , or if it was just Pandora .
We were on our way home from a camping trip and decided to stop in Santa Barbara for some fish taco 's last Tuesday !
Asian herb slaw was amazing and the shrimp was plentiful .
The line out the front door and down the sidewalk should be an indication that this place is awesome .
The only thing going for this place that I could tell was the atmosphere !
I 've always ordered through UberEATS , so I ca n't speak on place itself but the food has always been on point .
The store was updated and very clean .
I repeat ... IT IS A MUST !
I had the Penne Pinoli and could n't eat more than a few bites .
Went there for dinner with family and was not impressed what so ever .
Obviously business was slow and they wanted to close up but you ca n't do that , it 's the definition of bad business .
I kindly asked for more wasabi and was told it would be a 50 cent charge by the manager .
We were greeted right away by John - one of the best bartenders I 've ever had and had to pleasure of meeting .
I lost my appetite and politely asked that the restaurant comp my meal and the waiter refused .
Overall it was a great Sunday brunch .
That happened while we were there at this visit , but our server , Steven was very accommodating & fixed it .
Then I 'd have made the choice to either order and wait without issue or go elsewhere .
I have been to this location twice and the first time it was much better than last night .
My family went here before the Pacers game this past Sunday .
Absolutely love the food and the service .
Burger Up is one of my favorite restaurants in Nashville .
Calamari and rock crab were delicious .
Best pho and Vietnamese sandwiches in town , hands down .
We found cheaper parking down the street so no worries .
Sam 's very strict on the procedures but that 's what makes the shop so efficient and popular .
Anyways , the small pizza is perfect sharing size ( in my opinion ) 3 slices each .
They did have good service and the place was pretty clean .
Now , I will say the only O'Charley 's I 'd never return to would be the Antioch location .
Taste - wise , it saddens me I did n't order a larger cake .
I wanted to give the highest rating - but , in all fairness I can't ... very average at best ...
What brings this place to 5 stars is really that the owner is so friendly !
The thin crust reminds me of the pizza I had in Italy .
I have never , as a customer , been treated so poorly or talked to so terribly .
Thanks for the great service and putting up with all of us , Creekside / Bull on 19 .
Probably one of the best places to eat in the Village .
My friend got the chicken tenders , and they were just alright .
Louis , you 'll realize this is n't a real cheese - more importantly it tastes like melted plastic .
The sea bass , scallops , and crab & lobster cake all deliciously fresh and prepared to perfection .
Was in town for a meeting , and have always wanted to try Luke 's , and only a 3 min walk from the Marriott Courtyard .
Our first visit we ordered the Cuban sandwich , black bean soup , platains , and cafe cubano .
I had pulled chicken and pulled pork , both amazing .
You do nt want to eat fungus do you ?
Then the burger came out .
This was probably our favorite meal we had in Philadelphia and would definitely recommend !
Instead they placed in a soup cup filled with " BBQ sauce " that tasted like cheap Ketchup and Chef Boyarde !
Just in Philadelphia for a couple of hours on a Saturday afternoon -- our first visit .
Probably the worst service ever ...
Stopped in here after reading the other Yelp reviews , despite thoughts it would be a tourist trap .
I 'm guessing Saturday 's are busier than other days , but not sure .
We waited for at least another 20 minutes later for our entrees to come out .
The manager always comes over to greet us , and he and my pop go at it over what school is better purdue or IU .
Lots of fish , squid and shrimp along with tofu , cabbage and some other veggies .
But that does n't make us idiots .
Ziggy told us it was something like a Kugelhof , and not as heavy as a pound cake .
I 've eaten here a few times and I usually get the " COCHON DE LAIT " .
She commented that the gravy was especially good .
However , on our recent trip to Tampa , our host said this place was good from what she heard .
My husband said it was the best sundae he 's had in a very long time .
I really enjoyed the cavatelli w/ sausage .
Sounds like a personal problem to me .
They rotate through most flavors so it kind of just depends when you are there .
Yakisobi , the " balls " , the noodles , everything is yummmy .
Now onto the real reason to come here ...
Breakfast is served as well but if it 's cold outside it might be a little uncomfortable because the sitting is outside only .
We waited 15 more minutes and were seated at another table with one grill and placed the order , 7:45 at this point .
The bar area is nice , and there are like 5 or 6 rather large flat screen tv 's behind it .
Cons : appetizer sizes are far too small and really expensive .
PS : this is more Texmex style , not authentic .
They top it off with a cute little flower at the end :) I loved this place and will definitely be coming back !
Here 's why the experience was ridiculous .
I was hoping we could go back there again for breakfast but time was not kind to us .
Ribs and BBQ beans were amazing .
The lamb was perfect .
We made reservations for the W Main Street location .
I will have to say that Jabari was the most dedicated door man that you could meet on a daily basis .
The room was nice , up on the 10th floor , with a great view and a neat ride up the elevators .
There were six of us and there were tables for six in the rear of the place , all with reserved signs on them .
Did n't rush us and kept an eye on us so we never ran low on our beverages .
My favourites are the big chicken sandwich and the fries .
The servers were very rude and extremely slow .
The dog was the last one sitting the bin and a bit soggy .
Anyway , the food was great .
Nice work cheffrey .
Service was very friendly .
Oysters were fresh , the alligator was tasty , and the seafood were cooked perfectly .
The Garcia pizza was eehhhh ..
The crab and crawfish patties were so tasty , the biscuit underneath was impossibly light .
The scenery is amazing .
Ca n't wait to come back next time I 'm in Nashville !
The sushi rolls were good although I did n't try nigiri or sashimi so did n't get a good feel for the raw fish itself .
This is one of our " go to " places in the area .
We ordered an appetizer : Shrimp , stuffed with crab and wrapped in bacon .
The flavors were incredible and all I could say was " I could n't do this at home . "
It took over 5 minutes to get 2 fresh bags .
TL;DR -- Overpriced " nickel and diming " with mediocre cuisine and mediocre service .
We had Lindsey from Seattle as our server and she was awesome .
I 've lived in NOLA all my life and feel guilty that I have never come across .
Finally got the food 45 minutes later .
The gyros were pedestrian at best , under - seasoned and most of all under - sauced .
I would have preferred a cream sauce but these were n't bad at all .
Liscio 's rolls were fresh and shiny , and the Wacky Wednesday deal of a large for six bucks was fortuitous .
Their menu clearly states that brunch is " All Day Sunday , 9 am - 4 pm " .
The guy is friendly and helpful .
- Both times I 've been there , every single side I 've ordered has been cold .
The cinnamon sugar donut ... just , wow .
Everything was explained to us , the customary way to eat without utensils , as well the names of the samples on the platter .
This place had a long line , and we went on a Monday !
The smoky taste was exhausting after the first few bites , and truly overpowered the entrée .
Four of us came here for dinner .
We then had a dozen of the raw shrimp .
The burger was juciy , definitely better than your average .
I just paid $ 7 for .5 oz of ahi tuna mixed with .5 oz of avacado , romaine , and tomatoe .
Later , when I placed my food order , I asked if they had sour cream , and again , I got a very rude response .
The staff was so nice and hard working !
Both appetizers were delicious and the dipping sauce was really good .
they close at 730PM so a bit inconvenient .
I was just there last night , but if he wanted to go this weekend , I happily would .
A really great find !
The chicken was seasoned perfectly .
Was very pleased w/ my order ; will definitely be ordering from them again .
If you are set on a buffet dinner , Harrah"s Carvings would be the next best thing !
the Toro tartar is awesome as well .
I got the grilled cheese and tomato soup which was quite good .
Not bad for the suburbs , woohoo !
The fish was horribly overcooked , and the tacos were dry .
I ordered several cakes for an event , and the owner was very accommodating to my needs .
They should have confirmed the contents , but frankly I should have as well , so I accept at least part of the blame .
I then purchased to cakes , a Pound cake , and a peanut butter mousse cake .
It 's a gem to find owners so caring and open to feedback ... so please , give Axis a go , and let me know how it is !
Throughout the whole meal they maintained their waxy shredded - cheese shape .
Authentic thai tea but the boba pearls were really hard ...
We ordered the creamy crab ragoons and the pad thai .
Called in to pick up my order but when I arrived they acted as though they never spoke to me .
She told us we could each get glasses of water but only brought one .
The last two times we ate there , service was not good at all .
Excellent place with great customer service ! !
I was told they are getting a new machine .
On top of all that , our orders did not arrive both at once .
I tried the food this go around and it was a huge disappointment .
My wife ordered the seasonal salad , which was comically small and was way short on the actual lettuce ( and not cheap either ) .
Like others have said , we walked in the front door , and the hostess was several booths beyond .
The pizza had a light crust although it was far from crispy .
By the time they brought it , we were finished !
Elmo 's ) , my only experience here was not positive .
But , it was still busy , it can get crowded very quickly with a very small interior .
The iPad ordering seemed a bit awkward that 's why I 'm giving a 4 star .
I love this place ...
It was tasty and a good portion for the price . Hubs has Tamales and he said they were very good .
He said the meat was of low quality and quite flavorless .
Moreover , the atmosphere was beautiful .
We happened upon Squeal , and it was such a fun find .
We declined dessert and then was ask to leave due to other reservations scheduled .
lol ) It 's usually pretty lively in there which is also fine with me because I prefer to ALWAYS feel like I 'm at a party .
Pulling up the the place I was skeptical ( they 're in an old garage ) but give it a try , well worth it .
Whichever was true , I was completely disappointed in the food .
The French dip was everything I had expected and turned out delicious !
Over toasted the bun so it was tough .
Surprising thing is I have never been to one that was n't crowded .
Its amazing to watch a master at work .
It was so juicy and full of flavor .
The crab claws were the only thing that was good .
The cocktails were creative and tasty .
So we awkwardly stand for a few mins and finally get asked how many and then told to pick a table .
When it was all said and done ( over an hour and a half after we were seated ) we ended up with mediocre burgers .
And I moved the cherry tomatoes around so it 'd be a little more evenly spread out on my pizza .
It is such a contrast when you stay there .
We were there early on a holiday , so we did n't get to experience any live music , sadly .
I ordered the Cajun chicken sandwich , but the waitress brought out a Buffalo chicken .
Found out they ended up charging us for the coffee we drank as we waited an eternity for our food .
I had the bob Marley wrap and it was amazing !
The first time I came , I enjoyed it .
We went halfsies , and I really enjoyed both .
Great presentation .
Ohhh myyy goodness ! !
The potatoes , spinach and mushrooms were fine as was the cheddar .
We had the shrimp cocktail and smoked salmon as the first course , both very good .
I live down the street .
and while we waited in line like everyone else does when they come here , it moved surprisingly fast .
I also had the calamari , but it was only average .
It 's not a rushed experience ... but let 's keep it moving so that others can enjoy this fresh and tasty spot !
Super friendly staff helped us order as first timers and recommended some good ones and it was very clean inside .
Best meal in New Orleans ! ! !
My friend I was with got a nitro coffee which was also very good .
The whole place is like the chipotle model .
The veggies were fresh and crunchy , tofu was firm and had a little crunch , and the sauce was spicy and rich to perfection .
It had been forever since we had been to one so looking at the menu was something we had to do .
It is covered in cheese sauce and bleu cheese , too .
Why do men love this place ? ?
I also tasted the turtle soup - which had a very nice flavor - as well as the Gorgonzola cheesecake .
The interior was no different from the outside .
Lettuce and the ginger dressing :( .
My fiancée and I had been wanting to try Avalon for quite sometime since they opened in West Chester .
I ordered a hot ham sandwich and onion rings .
I had the screw & bolt which was nice .
Sort of fancy traditional American mixed with California cuisine .
My husband got the jerk chicken which was full of little splinter bones .
The food came out quickly and tasted good as always .
The staff is very attentive and are always checking on you .
I went here today with some friends and have to say it was amazing !
I also ordered the crawfish étouffée .
I 'm not sure what changed over the last year at this restaurant , but now it 's just terrible food .
The hotel staff are all really friendly and helpful .
Their house salad was good , too .
It got crazy busy not much later , so if seating is important to you get here early .
For my sides , I chose collard greens and cole slaw .
It 's a great meal .
The fries were fine , but the rarebit was more like gravy - not really a cheesy sauce .
However the food we ordered was great !
And her name was Oneal ask for her you ca n't go wrong .
We just moved to this area of town , and thought we would give this place a try .
Wow were we blowen away the food was amazing and the service was top notch .
We saw a fantastic jazz quartet while in New Orleans here , and the blueberry martini ... yum !
My wife 's chicken came out hot , but she cut into the drumstick and it bled all over her plate .
The food did come out fast , but we did n't get our drinks for 10min or so after getting food .
The amounts did n't even match up to our room totals at all is the thing .
The fries are the size of McDonald 's & are garlicky .
It was like a BLT and a caprese salad got together and made a very delicious baby .
We had a great lunch today .
It served as a great breakfast the next morning .
So , we all enjoyed our meals .
They are open about getting their bread from the Publix down the street and that in itself tells a lot .
People were nice the nachos w chili were good .
The chairs are all tore up .
To sum it all up , it 's a castle of secondhand smoke !
I had the vegetarian option , which was the summer cavatelli , a pasta dish .
I had the crab cake Benedict and it was delicious !
This place is OK .
The staff was friendly and the food came out quick .
My order was processed quickly , and I got my coffee right after I ordered it .
My hubby was , of course , super excited to see the Italian club ( given his 100 % Italian background ) .
I spoke with many people as I ate my crawfish and they raved about their seafood .
The rolls were a good portion and were prepared well .
Also , the decor is vintage and adorable .
I just love this place .
Everything we ate tasted like the chef prepared each dish with a little bit of " love " in every bite .
It turned out to be a better description .
I felt singled out and they continued to serve drinks to others without ever asking for ID .
Had dinner at Farmhaus last week after hearing wonderful things and was not disappointed !
Hubby loves their nachos & I love their chicken torta .
It wo n't matter , though , for it 's busy enough that my custom is unlikely to be missed .
I loved the idea of dinner with a movie and the people here r really nice .
The sashimi : top grade .
We 've recently moved to the area and are exploring different places to dine .
Also I wanted to say - when I called in for delivery - they could n't have been NICER on the phone .
This place has serious potential , the food I had was good , unfortunately , this experience ruined it for both of us .
Since I avoid most gluten , I did n't even look at the pasta .
At that point , the game was close to over and I did n't worry about the wings .
All are prepared Laosian style .
He 'll usually make some light conversation and talk a lot about the quality of the food .
They eventually came out with more sauce after we requested it , but it was very noticable and should not have been brought out .
I just ca n't validate going into this place when you 're on South Street , with TONS of choices around .
Louis last week & had a lovely time with family at a wedding out in the country .
The brunch offerings , however , were not so impressive .
The staff was very welcoming and made us feel like regulars .
We were heading to the Flyers game and decided to stop back in .
They could n't even get the order right .
The breakfast was extremely expensive for mediocre taste .
The police showed up shortly after all this ...
The patio had a nice cross breeze and our service was excellent .
Nice touch ! ! !
What you are really paying for is the view here .
They were n't as swift but that did n't take from the tasty food .
So unbelievably good ....... we will definitely be back next time in town ! !
I also enjoyed the sliders which were good , spring rolls and poutine fries .
I did n't even use syrup .
Their menu is 90 % sushi and the other 10 % is miso soup , gyzoa and various salads , no bento boxes , udon , donburi etc .
They offered us a free artichoke small plate because of a kitchen mistake .
I had heard the vegan fish and chips were really tasty , so I gave them a try and indeed they were !
The Seven course dinner menu is absolutely amazing .
Papaya salad was spicy and good .
The decor is pretty unusual and it 's fun to sit on the balcony .
We ordered these dishes and they were authentic Vietnamese .
On top of that , we were told we had to order food if we sat on the patio .
I ordered the Swanky Frank w/ fries and completely enjoyed my loaded up frank .
= P The 30 % is a good deal and the rolls were really good .
Had I not ordered food here it would have an enjoyable experience .
Downside : the server recommended Crabby Bills " hearty portions " of grouper in the meals and sandwiches .
Me and another person sat at the counter where we get to see people prepare the cheese and other products .
Ate lunch here for the first time , and overall it was a good meal at a decent price and it was fast .
I ordered char - grilled oysters ( $ 9.95 ) which looked good but were soooo salty they were barely edible .
Eli worked with him to get whatever he needed , risers , tablecloths , etc and was really sweet about it .
The BYO thing is great , of course .
I thought $ 5 for a small bottle of water out of the mini - bar was a bit excessive , but I guess that 's what you get .
She made sure we had exactly what we needed throughout our meal .
First time in Louisana and I was very happy .
The food at Fat Ham is n't bad , it 's just incredibly overpriced .
The counter person .
Sandwich was really good , 2nd best meatball sub I have had since I saw the Toomey debate .
I guess that calls for a return visit , do n't you ?
I guess that 's my issue for ordering it .
mmmm I 'm jealous !
Literally that 's all I can say about this place .
The service was spectacular and the food was better than i could have ever expected .
We needed delivery as we are sick and we live 10 minutes away .
Marinated fried chicken and waffles 10/10 .
There 's a breakfast ' bar ' that several people were seated around and the restaurant filled up quickly while we were there .
We love Cafe Ponte , the food is always unique and delicious and the service is impeccable .
The steak frittes : steak was chewy , in a full of fat and nerves way and seasoned poorly .
Tokyo Mandarin is definitely a good time .
at 9:05 she brought our ticket ( minus the ice cream ) .
The overall feeling we get when we come here is - home .
Truffle chips did n't come with any sauce but we 're still good plain .
We went for the largest combo , The Hangry Combo ( $ 76.99 . ) We chose King Crab Legs , Shrimp , Mussels , and clams .
The food was delicious but it might have been wise for us to confirm what we thought we were ordering .
Before we got our food a crowd began to form and it looked like it became about 20 - 30 min wait .
They were good and took our entrees off our bill .
Anyway my husband 's mother was in town and we decided to finally check out the TN Brew Works Taproom .
But after eating there last weekend , I 'm so disappointed .
I had a good experience ...
He fussed more over the cookie than he did over the Quesadilla .
If they did n't want my money then , then they do n't deserve it at all .
We order online because we have small kids
The guy working the omelet station was super friendly .
I ordered their half pound burger which was very good .
The calamari was really good , the meat was cooked to how we like it and and the meat by itself was really good .
My sister got their fried calamari , shrimp , scallops , and oysters .
My chicken sandwich was beyond dry .
In fact most of the tables were filled .
( Very good grilled oysters , too . ) Not a bad plate in the house , I suspect .
I 'll never go back & have advised others to stay away .
Also , the greek salad was easily one of the best I 'd ever had in my entire life .
Still , the menu prices are slightly high ( I 'm spoiled by the prices at Thai House and Thips Thai - both in Illinois ) .
Hub had " bayoubaisse " their take on the French classic .
The pizza however , was awesome .
While the Sarasota location is perfectly good ... the Tyrone location has a bit more going on .
I felt like a Zagat critic !
stopped in with group of friends while spending a long weekend in the area and was very impressed .
- The owner reprimanded his staff quite loudly that the patrons can hear .
I go for the beer though :-) And I can seriously eat every item on the menu they are all as equally delicious .
The $ 13 - 15 price for three bites of pasta is absolutely ridiculous .
Every time I come to Reno I absolutely make it a must to go to Yellow Sub .
I have to say that its better than the seafood place just up the road from Joe 's .
I was assured it was dog friendly and that they would do " and and everything to accomodate my dog . "
The pasta dishes and apps we tried were also very good .
* gasp * I dined in when they were just 3 days old and the decor is eye - catching but not distracting .
" Beautiful venue ! "
I suggest you leave the hummus on the table as it can be fun to experiment dipping other stuff in it .
The beds are comfortable and my room had a balcony overlooking their magnificent gardens , so I was not completely isolated .
Their marinara is delicious ! !
Went there for lunch at 1:00 p.m.
She was more than willing to go over the menu and explain the specials in more lament terms .
Everyone was super friendly from the jump which made it even easier to enjoy .
Although we went later in the evening , the chips and Salas 's came out fresh , chips still warm .
Until I called over a waiter so we can place our order because we knew what we wanted .
We had the toasted ravioli for an appetizer that was very good ( pretty standard ) .
When I ordered I was told there was no sauce on the chicken ( as I wanted , healthy ) .
The fries , catsup , and other sauces were good too .
Not impressed with this location.we to the drive thru yesterday to get a wonderful shake .
Guacamole dip was very good .
Picked Meadow 's Diner based on the reviews and was not disappointed .
I ordered a chicken dish with spinach ( sorry the names are a bit of a mystery to me ) and my wife had a lamb dish with ginger .
Took over 45 minutes for that to come out .
Tonight was our first trip here and I 'm happy to say it lived up to all of the hype !
I got champagne and Rose and each for 5 bucks - GREAT DEAL !
This is the first time I tried this place and I was surprisingly surprised .
While I enjoyed my overall experience I felt the food was overpriced .
Tender steak and perfectly cooked shrimp .
However , the rest of the service was LANGSAM : that would mean " slow " in german .
We had a 20 minute wait on a game day , so I thought that was very reasonable .
We watched no less than four staff members behind the bar checking their phones , ribbing each other , staring off into space ...
I would go back , but I 'll stick with chicken next time
There was one item that I did n't like .
She was great and so we left a well - deserved tip .
The food was good and the atmosphere was great .
We had to ask another waitress where she was .
I could not finish my bowl , and brought most of it home .
Like I said , this place is ginormous .
It was a great evening , with wonderful company and fantastic food .
And so I 'll hit em up again , it was breakfast well done .
Just thinking about this place makes my mouth salivate !
On our check , there was nothing for that price , so when I questioned the waitress , she said that was a lunch special only .
Bittersweet Pots de Creme - need I say more ? ?
I had the Black and Blue sliders and they were awesome .
I started noticing an abundance of flies as we sat there .
The worst part was the service !
Ca n't say one bad thing about this place .
He thought he 'd be pressing his luck asking about gremolata , so he got the fries .
The atmosphere is Elegant South Philadelphia Italian , cozy , and warm .
Cons- service at restaurants and quality of food is below average .
When we got there , noticed a guitarist was playing , which was nice .
All in all , this meal was a fine experience .
I stopped by for breakfast and purchased 2 items , Carrot cake and Tiramisu .
Not only that , it 's just a better deal .
Ambience was less than romantic and very loud .
The venison hot dogs and the smoked trout were fantastic and interesting .
However , the grains and greens that were served with it were very good .
However , the other incredibly drunk parties were ( luckily we only had to deal with them for a few courses ) .
She gives me a couple in a glass , and I squeeze them and ask her for a napkin .
And the owner was very friendly and helpful .
We also had the chicken and the fish dishes .
Along with a piece of crusty bread , this was excellent .
The hostess came out and told that most tables were reserved and we should have checked in with her .
I was n't even hungry and I had to dip the bread in the sauce .
A cute little barista made me latte , and it was darn good !
I was a Gyro Company devotee , but I 'm going to have to write them a Dear John letter and break it off .
The food just fell a bit short of our expectations .
Sadly until I hear further I will have to go back Torresdale .... not that that 's bad it just out of the way .
The atmosphere is really nice and super ST .
They even bought my puppy a bowl of water .
The problem was it was under cooked .
Multiple complaints to the hostess had no positive result .
I had the shrimp malabar the last time and it was like a spiritual experience .
Our server was an awkward girl who would n't look us in the eyes .
The service was also great -- friendly and quick -- especially the stylish water server .
I ordered a Sanza Margarita as well after seeing it was on the Happy Hour menu ( Happy Hours : 3 - 5 pm and 8 - 10 pm ! ) .
What a fun little find .
The scallops were some of the best I 've ever tasted .
The food came quickly and it looked great .
The ginger tea was also great .
It was our first time here and the service was excellent .
Both of these flavors were absolutely delicious .
The chicken on the salad , wrap , and wings had all been precooked and heated under a heat lamp -- they were all dry .
I just went to the bathroom and walked through the dining room and counted 10 tables open .
Low calorie and OO so filling .
Husband had the 3 - piece with greens .
Next we got a salad which was a wedge of lettuce with some blue cheese and bacos .
The food and atmosphere were both great as usual .
I was extremely pleased with the variety of options on the menu , the service , and the quality of food .
Melanzana was ordered by one of my friends who is a vegetarian .
It took 20 minutes to finally get a drink ( in a plastic cup ) .
We came in the late afternoon and we had no problem .
They do incredible work in the community and they are worth supporting .
I do n't know how the food is because I did n't eat , but service is terrible .
My amazing fiancée and I went there for breakfast one day with high expectations !
I promptly asked for my credit card , abandoned my purchase and left .
The wait staff has always been very knowledgable and attentive .
Took forever to get a seat with hardly anyone in the restaurant .
These are the most tender rib tips I 've had here .
Our waiter was GREAT .
Good thing it changed midway thru our meal , even the bartenders were groovin ' at that point .
The fries were good ( well seasoned ) .
Both highly recommended the dry - aged tartare as a second course , followed by the seared wild mushroom entree .
The food was better than expected .
Had high expectations since it 's always tough to snag a table .
Both meals were delicious !
Beware they do not take reservations and the wait can be pretty long but it 's sooooo worth it .
Very fun place .
We tried Livery for the first time tonight and were n't ' disappointed .
The $ 6 a glass house red was also excellent .
Had the rock crab , oysters , and sea urchin .
I 'm very picky about bacon , I usually do n't eat it but the applewood was wonderful .
I had the meatball pho and thought the broth was aromatic and very tasty .
The bartenders and waitresses have always been friendly and attentive .
Michaels Grill is a hidden treasure .
The macaroni and cheese were just ok .
And silly for always thumbing my rather large nose at these places .
I had the cinnamon swirls French toast and it was delicious !
Both a female counter gal and a male ( possible the manager / franchisee ) went out of their way to make sure we liked everything .
The malai kabob and tandoori chicken were perfect .
The pizza was n't anything to write home about .
The filets were small but the dish tasted good .
I think it was like 4 - 6 PM ?
Almost tempted to grab a glass of wine instead but stayed the course and went for s jolt .
Nope , do n't get lettuce or tomatoes on it .
If you have a choice between the misou soup or the mushroom soup , go with the mushroom soup , AWESOME .
I expected an actual Italian sausage sandwich .
The service was excellent .
The service was EXCELLENT .
I had the veggie tacos .
Hubby had the chicken portobello pasta and reported it bland but inoffensive .
Pizza tasted like cardboard .
They brought out two full bowls
Staff was really friendly and we enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant .
I ordered the grilled chicken bún , and there 's no way this meat was merely grilled .
This one is located inside a mall , so it 's relatively spacious and easy to get to .
It was light and the shrimps were juicy .
Sometimes it 's baked potatoes , sometimes it is french fries , sometimes it is something else .
Absolutely awful lunch buffet coordination .
Of course like an idiot I thought it was a fluke and bought another breast this week .
The salsa was fair .
Great experience .
Usually eat here 2 - 3 times a week , as my office is down the street .
They microwaved the tortilla which made it chewy and inedible .
With such a large group in not the largest of spaces , it got loud .
Let 's fast forward through all the other boring details and get right down to the heart of the problem .
Mine was dry as a bone , bland , and not spicey at all .
However , I had my son 's 5th birthday party there this weekend and we could n't have been happier .
Not kidding , no exaggeration .
I could n't eat more than two bites .
I think it was $ 22 ish for dinner and $ 16 ish for lunch .
Just ate there and the meatloaf dinner .
Adorable sandwich shop , I always ordered the tuna sandwich and a fruit tart and a sweet tea .
17 % gratuity is mandatory no matter the party size or the service .
I had the fattoush salad with chicken .
The food was just okay .
This is one of my favorite locations to go to .
They were a very busy family bakery .
I could not believe how amazing the food and wine choices were .
This is one of my favorite spots in STL .
I also had the hash browns and Sauase .
Probably one of the best places to get food in the city .
Such a cute brunch spot .
My wife and I split two vegan sandwiches , Guadalupe burger and the Mazuma tempeh sandwich .
We also bought a king cake to take home since we heard such good things about theirs .
The only negative would be that the scoops were on the small side ...
The meat and cheese plate stands out .
We then ordered the fig jam and prosciutto , bleu cheese , arugula flatbread .
Ca n't wait for their brunch specials either .
They have a front seated area that is more laid back and casual , while the back of the restaurant is more intimate .
She eventually told me my steak was correct and that I must have seen it differently because of the lighting .
A quaint little Thai restaurant that probably , I 'm guessing , does n't get much attention due to location .
It came out as an individual loaf -- freshly baked and hot from the oven .
A great , inexpensive gift that is social and enjoyable !
I ca n't imagine how the folks working there must feel ...
The dinners were very good , freshly prepared and tasty .
My husband had the steak special and I had the salmon crepes .
Also , the presentation of the food when it comes out is awesome too , make sure you have ur camera ! ! ! !
Was happy they brought everyone 's sushi out at same time .
Now it 's an upscale dining experience in Florissant- Who would have guessed ?
Once sited no one came to our table .
He had udon noodles and I had a few rolls ( Spicy Salmon is a must ! ) Flavors were great- not too strong but tasteful !
Attentive and gracious service at a very good value .
Not only is the cake amazing , but the entire experience of your lunch / tea date / after - school treat is one of a kind .
Again , my friend had to cut the broccoli which was almost raw .
The food was excellent as usual .
It ended up being way more food than we wanted for a small snack but we ate every single bite .
Those of us that remained ( 6 of us ) ordered food and drinks .
I was in SB for my wedding and we randomly stumbled upon Dawn Patrol .
The waitress was wonderful and prompt .
The decor is lovely & the food was great .
They r ignorant and the food is worse save your money and go to Max 's time out .
The Lasagna jumped out of the menu and caught my eye .
My friend ordered the brownie - do n't waste your time .
The soup of the day is potato spinach , and it is really good !
The food was average , the hummus did n't taste fresh as of that day .
I ordered the El Paso dish .
I love squid , and it 's always a rare treat when you find a place that serves it grilled instead of deep fried .
To leave the check ... to take the check .. all the while toying with my emotions .
had we eaten here first , cafe fleur de lis would 've been three for three .
Very much looking forward to it , we went down one weekday evening , and it was moderately busy .
The food was quite underwhelming .
My favorite are the white chocolate dipped fudge cookies .
Food came out really slow .
Paid $ 17 for food I could n't even eat because it was so disgusting .
I got a side of coleslaw for the heck of it and it was fresh , crisp and nicely spiced .
My sister , my great niece were at the Village and thought we 'd give Cinnaholic 's a try .
Oh & make sure you order the Brussels sprouts as your app & the coconut curry ramen as your dish-- my personal faves !
I felt like a goober because I dressed casual and they appear to appeal to the executive class ..
This place is now a must visit everytime we come to Tampa from Orlando .
I had the Blood & Smoke , i m not a huge fan of bloody marys usually but this was amazing .
We also ordered the swordfish which was good .
The banana pudding is BOMB and the mashed potatoes are great too .
It 's truly a great environment .
As for the food however , unbelievable !
At that point , I became scared .
We had our own private room .
This is a perfect place to stop for a drink in the Quarter , if you need a nice civilized break .
The plate was very shallow , but wide .
We enjoyed our evening with a great server , Alison .
Had a really good time here .
( Oh , and they do great breakfast and lunch panini )
The business is family owned and operated and it 's honestly the best taco place I 've found .
The pescardo macho had no taste and the muscle where raw and gritty .
I order a sugar - free vanilla latte .
My new favorite spot in seminole heights !
Besides it being crowded ... the food is amazing .
My girlfriends ordered a spinach omelet , huevos ranchero , tater tots and mac and cheese .
Then we walked in only to be taken by surprise by the terrible selection of " GROUPON CUSTOMERS ONLY FREEZER ! "
Our server Bill was fabulous ; the chef came out frequently and visited our table .
Thank heavens we did n't get drinks for everyone , we would have been over $ 100 for breakfast - crazy expensive .
From there on it was great service .
This was my lucky day .
The grits , smooth and creamy as a light - skinned baby 's ass , probably ranks as the best I 've ever put in my mouth .
The service was VERY slow , do n't go if you 're in a rush .
Unfortunately , when we got there the place was tiny and packed without an open table .
Aside from that they were not crispy and I did n't taste any honey in the sauce .
It also was n't too expensive compared to some upscale restaurants .
French toast on brioche was superb .
The inside are both are basically the same .
The broth was heavenly , the meat plentiful , the noodles cooked to perfection .
The best part of the meal was the salad that came with it , have the garlic dressing , it was amazing .
The place is run by a husband and wife , Nicole and Ryo , who are sweet and amazing cooks .
terrible food and the manager was shockingly rude when I tried to return my food .
My wife had enjoyed what she ordered , although I ca n't remember what she ordered for the life of me !
We walked in around 1:30 pm and we waited for our drinks for 40 minutes and had to remind the waiter three times .
The bread was soggy with butter ... chicken was pale ... no hint of being grilled ...
we ordered gumbo , fried catfish , baked chicken and roasted salmon .
The bar area is quiet and well kept .
Great service and food ! !
I will eat ANYTHING in one of Pico De Gallo 's handmade corn tortillas .
She complained the entire time to her coworker friends who were just as loud and non professional .
My experience here was not the best - my main complaint was with the service which was exceedingly slow .
I 'm sure you 'll get things here you wo n't find anywhere else .
Surprising good bagels from this unassuming shop on the north end of Lambertville .
We were done eating at that point .
The fried croquettes were decent .
The management is always very attentive and the service is excellent !
So glad I found this place .
Dave takes an all American Favorite and transforms it into a delectable experience ! !
We heard good things about Landry 's and made a reservation for 8 pm .
We said Hibachi which I thought meant individual tables and a back room kitchen made meal .
We were surprisingly happy to have found this gem in Reno .
Then there was apparently a problem with our voucher and a lot of back and forth w the waitress .
As for entrees , my wife had the salmon wrapped in thin slices of zucchini and it really worked .
The fries were good , but very McDonald's - like .
we showed him the " rewards " program to get discount .
She also liked the sweet potato fries .
It 's now been 44 minutes since I first sat down and I am being nodded at .
The guys working at the shop were super nice and friendly .
I got the crab cake and it was so good ! !
Our server Matt was so pleasant and just simply amazing .
Nestled right next to delicia , it is the adorable , quiet , low - key taco version .
Not a problem , except when they finally brought them they did so without the water my friend requested .
It 's sad that workers today have no pride in what they make .
Fries were ok .
I got the sense that the owners had a limited budget to dedicate towards the design and decor .
Plan on which burger joint you 're going to afterwards because you 're going to leave hungry .
Service was alright , but seemed a bit aloof and uninformed .
The ambiance is nice .
Only thing I did n't like was the fact that the hot chocolate was made with water and not milk .
Envie has free internet .
I had read some really positive comments about it on Twitter , so I decided to try it today and I was not disappointed .
If you 're in the area , this is def a must try !
The atmosphere is very causal , but classy .
It is totally worth to drive all the way here for a decent meal .
Along with the bread and olive tapenade they serve , we were full .
Several items were a little too salty , but overall it was a good experience .
We made reservations , and were seated upstairs about a foot from the band at a table that seemed more like a bar table .
This is conveniently within walking distance of me , so I did n't have to worry about parking .
Went there 2 weeks later and it was still down .
- The staff is amazing .
Boyfriend got the Andouille Eggs Benedict , it looked and tasted wonderful .
The only time I have been a little disappointed is when they ran out of basil for the pho .
Have been here 3 times now and this place is truly amazing .
The bread , actually a slice sweet roll was very light and the dish was surprisingly not over sweet .
They were pretty well known by some of the customers , so I am assuming they perform there often .
then I tried the food and fell in love with the place .
It annoys me a bit because most of the restaurants in Dunedin are .
Had no problem getting in & now I know why .
Then I glanced over at the menu and I spotted the breakfast menu ! !
The service was wonderful .
I was attending a Christmas get together at Besito with a large group of about 16 .
It was split between three people , and we should have ordered two since we put the hurt on the slice quickly .
Great choice of craft beers .
The burger was cooked to perfection and what was on the burger was amazing !
My wife got the Italian orange which was also very flavorful .
If that was really the case though why did n't anyone else cover her table ?
Used to be awesome walking to Spatola 's when I was younger from my friends houses .
She took my order and card , and in the middle of me saying thank you , she shuts the window on me .
And I do use the word crispy lightly .
I ate two of the knots , taking out the raw dough and left the rest .
There was nothing about the food that can redeem how unusually bad the food was here .
The parking garage is right above it so that makes it easy to access as well .
We came on a Sunday morning and it was packed with customers .
Ca nt comment on the food since we have nt tried it .
This place is a hidden gem on the Westside of Tucson .
But the main thing is the food , and the food is good - really good - really , really good .
We got a living social deal .
They did not skimp on the tuna nor the real crab meat .
The fennel salad was not very good IMO , and the chicken pasta was just okay .
Apps came out which was the shrimp cocktail and meatballs .
Staff were friendly .
It 's fun , cute and chewy .
Nancy gives a decent massage .
I ordered general tso chicken .
All the traditional dishes were good , but the huge surprise was the burger .
We had a 20 - 30 minute wait , but it was worth it .
We walked up to the counter and ordered a Greek Quesadilla and a New Orleans Quesadilla with a coke to share .
Ehhhhhhh this is why I do n't like self / serve drink stations .
It was good , but again , tiny as hell .
It 's a shame too because the bar looked like it had some great choices .
Sat in open seating at the bar , purposefully picking a table near the large open window at the front of the restaurant .
Even the partial peanut butter cups on the top tasted stale ! ! !
I ordered the sirloin and it was cooked perfectly .
However , the food was very good .
My friend Pat had steak smash potatoes and vegetables said it was good .
They do n't seem to offer any salsa on the side ( though we did n't ask ) .
We ordered 6 rolls ( each came with at least 8 pieces regardless of it being a special or house roll ) .
We gave it a shot and it was n't too bad , but still we found the price rather steep .
And then waited another 10 - 15 minutes before we were asked what we wanted to drink .
My husband and I went out to Red Pony on a date night a few months ago and had an exceptional time .
When we came in the line was very long but surprisingly we were sat in about 15 - 20 minutes .
We patiently awaited our turn to order .
We ate some of the finest pastries I 've ever had in my life at this bakery .
The Bad : The service .
I had the seafood au gratin and found it to be very tasty also .
I do n't have a need to go to Villa Roma anymore since finding this place .
The only other negative is that I really wanted dessert and the only option was a vanilla bean panna cotta .
Beyond the delicious food , and a very passable cup of coffee , we were taken by the homey atmosphere .
We thought we had a great experience until we went to pay .
The best thing I ordered was the peanut butter ice cream .
Food was fresh and tasty .
Be careful not to eat the chile peppers , they are hot ! !
I mentioned it to the server but told him it was ok we would just stick with the one he brought us .
Besides being ear the cute restored east Nashville homes , it felt casual , comfortable and like I was supposed to be there .
I do n't mind the long wait and the uncomfortable bar stools .
Every time I come in to get my food , it is extremely hot and dampy .
Lee How Fook is certainly a hidden gem .
She was pleasant from even the phone when I ordered .
We sat down they gave us water and then never came back .
The food service is a wee bit slow and the items are priced a little high , but it is absolutely yummy !
Just really liked the ambiance
My friend decided to have his birthday dinner , at the original Tampa location , and it was delicious !
The service here was top notch .
My sister had he ultimate feast and she lived hers as well .
We did the grilled chicken bahn mi and the Brian 's Special ( grilled pork with egg ) .
Searched for ethnic food and this came up , what a great choice !
We got the crepes with bananas , caramel , and fresh berries which was tasty .
Gators let me down today .
His wife then came over and started basically yelling at me .
The plates are HUGE ! !
The service and the atmosphere are well represented of the Nola culture .
She was super welcoming and gracious even though the restaurant was busy .
She called it " the best birthday ever ! "
Also cheese steak pizza had MUSHROOMS
And cofecito a bonus
We let out waiter know this , and he really delivered on the service .
Our server was awesome too !
We got them home and the box collapsed in the middle and it was all bad for the tasty goodness that was our donuts .
The large windows allowed for lots of light which was great on a sunny day like that day .
I guess the lady at the counter forgot to ring up my husband 's sandwich .
I read other comments complaining about the service , well you get what you pay for .
We even had to ask them to please move their table so hubby could get in and out of his seat .
This was a much needed stop for our group .
They have a good variety of food and we really enjoyed everything we got , especially the flatbread .
However , for this location , we were seated right away , but our waiter was no where to be found for most of our meal .
I been to a lot of places but this place was gross .
The duck was a solid dish .
I can not believe on how unprofessional we were treated today by you shift manager Ashley at the original location .
We found the girl bartender to be pretentious and rude .
We had the carne asada plate and a wet carne asada burrito .
20 minutes later he came to the door himself with my Fresh , hot pizza and 2 brownies all for free .
Walls were decorated in awesome graffiti art , and we enjoyed looking at the album covered tables , games , and local art .
Dude loved his chicken taco .
Unfortunately due to the tropical storm we did not get the opportunity to experience the entire resort .
There were only a few customers , and the two waitresses were watching TV and barely acknowledged us .
We had the Italian sausage sweet potato hash , the beef sweet potato hash and the Brie stuffed French toast .
It all goes to heck at the entree .
It 's a great stop on a hot day to cool down .
completely killing the mood .
The flavors were fantastic .
The service was great , and so was the setting .
The girls were friendly enough , but they were so overwhelmed that they did n't bring us water or chopsticks .
The music selection was fun and unique , ranging from the Magnetic Fields to Johnny Cash .
I 'll tell you what ... I read up about Bailys ' Range before giving it a try and I was still blown away about how cool it was .
They bring you marshmallows , graham crackers , strawberries , hershey 's chocolate and reese 's peanut butter cups .
Everything is good in this place , even the meatball spaguettis my nephew had were good .
The thought that kept racing through my head was that the food better be worth the wait .
Also , it was after 4 pm so many of the salads were half off !
East Beach came highly recommend by some relatives who frequently visit Santa Barbara .
It was pure pistachio heaven in s super light yet rich custard .
The manager says " Sure . "
Asked for the filet as medium rare - I got medium , which was fine but thank goodness I asked for medium rare .
I did nt fuss- paid full price for my beer .
I got the chicken and waffles and my wife got the short rib breakfast quesadillas .
The hot sauce was SO SPICY ( which unbeknownst to me , they charged me $ 1 for ) .
Attractive decor and very attentive service .
The BBQ chicken pizza is one of my family 's favorites ( lots of chicken , cilantro , red onion , BBQ sauce ) !
This is one of my favorite places to go !
If you have n't been to Blue City it 's an STL staple , not eating here is like not seeing the arch !
we arrived around 1020 and waited about 45 minute , but I promise the wait was well worth it .
They just tasted like beets , nothing more .
The deviled eggs were the best deviled eggs I 've ever had .
I 'm a huge chicken parm fan , and theirs is just totally sub - par .
My wife and I tried this place for lunch and we loved it !
Surprisingly enough , I did n't get toooo drunk .
Braving the twisting road and hiking down to get there ( NO parking.)we were met with a what i will call ; THE REST STOP .
For starters we shared the seafood gumbo .
The only item she advised came with onions were the chicken livers .
I counted around 15 seats total .
Well our second visit did n't go any better .
And , NO diced fruit !
I ordered the eggs benedict with much hesitation .
We wanted to eat somewhere fun and elegant over the holidays , and Muriel 's fit the bill .
The potato wedges were awesome , however .
My favorite thing about Papa John 's is the garlic sauce though .
The menu is strictly dumplings and we went with the crab and pork mixture ; 8 dumplings for $ 12 .
I 'm not sure why I was expecting a small shop , the corner unit is expansive with numerous seating areas .
This is my shame to bear .
One thing I noted is the bacon looked way too crispy , over cooked , but it really was n't .
This restaurant is officially my new " go to . "
The food was good .
It 's a casual family place , not a fine dining establishment .
This place is a great example of why it is important not to be sheep .
It 's where I 'll be taking my out - of - town guests and where I 'll go for takeout when the urge hits .
Guess we will have to travel to Arnold to the real place now !
Great place ! ! !
I ordered the ribeye , which was outstanding .
Even though I really prefer the charcuterie sampler at cochon butcher over the charcuterie here it was still good .
crappy both times I ve been there .
The grits were super creamy and delicious and the shrimp were huge .
Went for my mom 's birthday .
Ca n't say I would recommend it , definitely would n't go out of my way for it , but it 's good if you 're close by
I also had the greek salad and it was fresh and tasty .
A little pricey , but what place in Doylestown is n't ?
We ordered the fried green tomato BLT , sweet cream pancakes , and the country creole breakfast .
Not a pleasant Sunday night experience .
Unfortunately did not like my experience .
This is the WORST D&B I have ever visited .
And , the biggest disappointment was that the beer was just blah .
We got the buffet and ate EVERYTHING !
I has the Hickory burger , that was so damn delicious ! !
I almost wish I would have gotten the gnocchi because they were pillowy & delicious .
It was n't terribly busy -- it was fairly steady with a very large children 's birthday party in the corner .
It 's a must visit place if you are ever in Tucson .
I returned the sandwich and did nt order any further food .
I did some research before eating here , and everything I read gave it rave reviews .
I eventually was allowed to order a kid 's grilled cheese which was huge and excellent .
With that said , our server Maja was excellent and took great care of us with positive energy and a great smile .
On to the food though , I settled for their burger which was definitely good .
-1 for service , -1 for cold food , -1 for the poorly explained wait .
The rice appeared fluffy and there was a good amount of chicken and broccoli .
Our waitress was accommodating offered recommendations , checked on us several times .
Quaint , quiet and delicious !
The bartender told me that those are " brunch things " and " do nt belong on a burger " .
she replied yes but not until 4 pm .
The reviews from my fellow yelpers were spot on !
So hats off to The Chef - we ca n't pick a single winner so the award must go to Slate - tonight YOU are our local favorite .
The customer service was ok .
I got a pineapple soda to wash it down , and I was happy .
After visiting a few places and being disappointed in their service , we arrived at Backspace with an open mind .
Oh , and the free wifi and the ambiance is spot on !
I can not stress enough how grateful I am to have had my wedding here .
We stumbled upon La Mulita one day on accident and it has easily become one of our go tos in the Broad Ripple area .
I get annoyed when I go to a place that 's open , yet the doors are locked and the staff makes me wait to come in .
But it was made fresh and the waitress did warn us about the cook time .
Both of my other girls had separately gone before , and I am so glad they suggested this .
Great spot .
The mashed potatoes were watery and the meat was a poor quality chop with a weird texture .
I said that we did n't want to wait anymore and she said we did n't have to pay for our drinks and we left .
We had an average wait time ( about 30 mins on a Saturday night ) which we thought was great .
Go to Side street in French quarter if u want quieter dining outside .
The $ 5 milkshakes are freaking amazing .
We had toddlers so we were there to go in to the tiny play area .
When I popped open one container i saw a white substance on top , some sort of dairy product .
Freshly baked bread and dipping oil are delicious .
Parking is a bit weird , since there is not a big lot and you may have to park on the side of the twisty road .
The salad , pizza , and root beer were just perfect .
I called to find out the new location and he gave me wrong directions !
We also had two of the chicken tacos , and two of the braised short ribs .
I had the yard egg salad , which was pretty fantastic !
It 's a great place period .
I especially like that the vegan options are clearly marked .
Our server kept our drinks full .
Though the guest were over an hour late , the rest of us were there and should 've been seated .
They spread nothing but lies and political partisanship .
The cleaning staff was extraordinarily loud and they actually shouted as they went down the hall at 6:30 a.m.
We had a large group .
I 'm confused on the high ratings so i m wondering if we were here on an off day .
The risotto was done perfectly , and had bits of black truffle along with the lions mane mushroom .
The next couple sat was the couple who came in 10 minutes after us .
Wish this restaurant was near us at home in Northern VA .
Why did they offer to place a pick up order if they 're not going to do it right ?
We came in later in the week and decided to get the sauce on the side , MUCH BETTER !
So our 50 deposit turned into over 470 dollars rather quickly .
The owner was friendly to boot .
It was below average and I found the gumbo to be very bitter .
They were crazy busy , but our food came out at a reasonable time and my meal was delicious !
There are many places within minutes that are far better .
That is amazing , I spent over $ 30 last week for splitting 4 rolls in St.
The location was a little off convention center Blvd hidden in a shopping center .
Best of all the prices are very reasonable - we had an entire dinner for less than $ 50 !
I came here for a breakfast snack because I was in the area and I 've heard alot about them .
Eggs in a jar was so unique I actually took a photo of it .
Everything about this place is awesome , they really know what they 're doing at this place .
Service was prompt and attentive and the atmosphere was perfect for a business lunch on a snowy afternoon .
Although this place was a bit pricey for me , the food was delicious !
But whatever meat I did have , it was fresh .
Very nice atmosphere , the food was really good as well !
Catfish dinner was still good .
The staff was on point and courteous , and they had sidewalk chalk and games for the kids right next to where we sat .
They were wonderful , especially after you dipped them in the nutella .
We picked Hellas based on its ratings .
Once seated we basically were at the mercy of the slowest waitress alive .
Overall it was okay but I would n't drive out of my way to come back .
In 1973 , Andrew and his father , Chef Ming Tsai Cherng opened their first restaurant in Pasadena , CA .
She was also very rude when she finally delivered the food .
The beer was ice cold .
I did n't bother saying anything because of how rude the waiter / host was , but I 'll get to that .
There was lots of garlic and the red onion onion mayo gave it a nice bite .
Obviously , the avocado , cucumber , asparagus , and such are also fine .
Their food is amazing ...
Ordered the flat bread and hummus as well as the truffle parmesan french fries for appetizers and both were great .
The deviled eggs were my favorite , served over sliced avocado .
I looked at it and I noticed the same thing .
In my opinion it is worth it .
We went as a family and reserved in advance .
The batter was very good and I was suprised to see that the dish included different types of pickles .
This was the worst experience I 've ever had in New Orleans and every aspect but our waiter .
A great place to grab a bite .
It was not bad , but it was not worth the price we paid .
The cream puffs were just average , but the cinnamon bun was heaven ...
My friend had lobster and everything was so good .
Dessert was just dumb -- the only choice was cupcakes -- expensive and only came in portions for two .
I would considering coming back for a drink .... I'll just make sure I 've eaten first !
Chef cooked it softly just as I requested and really piled on the sausage and mushrooms to my delight .
we got the fattouch salad , crispy potatoes , and the fatteh .
Did n't have a full feeling when we left .
I had 3 olive martini 's and spaghettini with plum tomatoes .
We took other 's advice and tried it all ! !
Ps .... I am 1st generation Italian ...... and very picky about my Italian food .
The shrimp were good .
Awesome job Lynn ! !
The appetizers were decent .
There 's lots of tile , a huge mural inside , and it 's just kind of cozy and fun .
We got an XL pizza and it was so big it hardly fit through the door .
We selected several items from the sushi menu and waited for her to return .
30 mins I 'm eating with my girlfriend now I do n't have my sandwich and he just has a attitude like oh well it 's all cool .
The presentation is incredible .
Our expectation for arriving early for an early dinner was that the food would have been really fresh and nice and hot .
The egg was so fluffy and savory while the crust was super flaky and had a great bacon flavor .
I ventured over to K&T Deli to try one of their Banh Mi sandwiches .
I recently took a friend here , and she thought it was slow , but hell .....
Red shrimp was delicious soup was also great and very hot .
He was dining in but had some questions about the menu ; possibly she was still irritated after my order .
During our meal I noticed the table next to us had sent back their steaks as well due to under cooking !
It is a casual sports dining place and everyone else was chilling after they ate but they were n't being rushed out .
The people that look like managers do n't smile or speak .
Brave the wait the food is well worth it .
After eating at the locations in Tempe and Chandler for sooo many years , its impossible to not make a comparison .
This is my favorite Thai place in the Tampa bay area .
My fiance and I both visited this restaurant separately a few years ago , and neither of us enjoyed it .
We made it in just in time to grab the corner tall table and enjoyed the piano player playing some nice tunes .
It 's a distance for me to drive , so sometimes I get an extra order to take back home .
The straw that broke the camel 's back was my most recent trip , when a group of us went here after work .
Great place to eat ! !
The wrong desserts came out but then our server gave them to us complimentary in addition to ours choices .
( try some at Alcenia 's in Memphis ) They loved the sweet potato casserole , likening it to dessert .
I appreciate your attention to the issues .
I love the pho here , it 's so good .
I can definitely say the ingredients were top - notch , as well .
Nice upscale French restaurant , they served brunch which was great after a hangover .
The food was excellent , even items I normally would not have like we 're worthy of a try and so glad I did .
My friend 's cheese steak was served in a freshly baked roll , and it looked pretty good .
The size was impressive too .
I 've eaten Greek food in Greece , and , with a few exceptions , it 's pretty much the same everywhere .
The shrimp is also very fresh too !
There was one other table with customers but they were just leaving .
My friend really , really , really wanted to check this place out ...
Marie also brought back the bill without it being split as we asked .
The bacon was NOT thick cut and the " marinaded " chicken tasted like it was salt and peppered ...
I will leave this brief because to be honest the food tasted fine , but I was n't THAT impressed .
A friendly family restaurant where you feel welcome and appreciated , just north of Gulfport .
I was able to eat about one piece of pizza because of how badly burned it was .
Only problem was a terrible waitresses that did n't speak English and did n't even know how to bring us drinks .
Finally after I stacked all the dirty dishes up she did another drive by to drop the bill .
Tonight they were understaffed .
The mashed potatoes were very much homemade and delicious .
Felt very safe on the range plus I enjoyed the 21.00 all day shoot .
One of my favorite spots in Tucson !
A+ The owner is a delight and really cares about his customers and food that is served .
Was fortunate enough to enjoy his company both times and he could n't have been more hospitable .
Ok first I have to say that I have no clue about the cost or quality of the food .
We took the popcorn home to eat and we managed to eat it over several days .
GREAT happy hour , we had 3 dozen oysters .
then I 'm confused why you have n't been to this brewery ! ! !
Japanese Dumpings for me - There were black bits on the bottom of my dumplings and the filling was sour and slimy .
We ate here as a walk in birthday celebration dinner on a busy Saturday night .
Such a cute place for lunch .
Boyfriend and I go by it all the time while in Chinatown , but it never crossed our mind to try it .
The place was very clean and the staff was very nice .
We LOVED the miso and green goddess sauce .
Pancakes were nice and fluffy .
The music was too loud when I was there but that is my only complaint
We had a wonderful experience from the food right down to the friendly and prompt service .
One notable thing about MexiCali burritos is that they tend to be a bit wet .
The shrimp in my opinion was the best .
mom in law had crab cakes and she enjoyed them very much .
We also had to track down a waitress to ask for forks and napkins .
There 's a bar with daiquiris next in the booth next door so you 'll be set with a minimum of fuss .
Like the chicken , it was soft in the inside and crunchy on the outside .
We got the grouper tacos , ribs , slaw , beans , cheese bread , and key lime pie .
Our wine and cheese came , but no water .
I like this place a lot .
On the downside , it 's always crowded , even during lunch hour .
My husband ordered the salmon , which was poached in olive oil and probably the single best piece of salmon I 've ever eaten .
I shared a wonderful suite in the Garden Conservatory with 2 other girls .
Definitely got our money 's worth ! !
We were blown away with the food !
I ordered the hot chicken of course but by the time it came I was full on the verge of being too full .
Loud place , but not bothersome .
We managed to find a space in the tiny parking lot .
I loved this place , but drove by today to see it was closed for business and there were for sale signs in the windows .
Our group of 6 each ordered something different and everything we tried was great .
Miss Jennifer had Duck spring rolls great as always .
It is certainly a more upscale dining experience from the standpoint of the space and the service .
Really , though , it 's not even like he switches things up that much ...
The cod fritters were great - nice and crispy on the outside with a bit of creaminess in the middle .
Good spot .
Gabe and I went here at his suggestion for his " better late than never " birthday dinner .
We also both got a small mimosa .
Sure it 's no Hot Doug 's , Superdawg , or Gene and Jude 's , but they got everything correct , right down the neon green relish .
I posted some photos .
The whipped feta was great .
The food here is absolutely fantastic .
However , this disappointment quickly faded to joy when I tasted the fries .
Everyone loved the food !
Sad thing is that it used to be so good .
They ended up just making us extra quesadillas .
Their designs tend to be pretty basic , nothing intricate or entirely special .
BF and his mom both got the venison , which they raved about .
The thing that stood out to me was their fried chicken .
My husband had basil chicken ; he does n't even remember because it was so bad .
This place is the best ! !
The food ranges from decent to delicious .
So I really enjoyed this place & will update on our second visit .
We were really looking forward to the menu and were disappointed .
We came for a valentine 's dinner , and made reservations a month in advance .
We ate it like a pasta , twirling it around a fork .
It was a nice ending to my lunch and not at all overwhelming .
The brisket was tasty .
The waitress was aloof , slow , and not friendly at all .
I love this place ! ! !
This place has delicious wine , sweet simple ambiance , and the sommeliers are friendly and knowledgeable .
Orzo , feta , raisins ...
My only major critique is that the shrimp in my scampi were slightly undercooked / seasoned .
The Beef and Tendon soup was very aromatic , which tricked me .
I love the spa area , the pools , the sauna ...
They were reccomend by a server there at Rons and they are heavenly !
I already was a bit full from cake from Sarah 's and 2 taco 's from Seoul Taco .
I know this is going to sound strange but this was a very good idea , and I did n't really care for it .
The food and service were good- even the chopped was seasoned better than the other location .
Rest of there Food was not that great and employees acted like they did not want to be there .
Zero head and it was def not quite cold enough .
Blueberry mascarpone : This was my favorite .
The small piece of chicken had a good flavor .
The food is ok , pizza just so happens to be my favorite food .
It 's a nice two - leveled tavern , right across from Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell .
For dessert we had the ice cream .
The servers were friendly and were n't bothered by the amount of time we were there .
I paired it with the Brussels sprouts and it was the most delicious thing I 've had .
The seating was cute , but we did n't eat there and took it to go .
Finally one came I 've and took our drink order , we said we were ready to order that we had been sitting there .
My entree was the Bisteck Encebollado which was delicious .
It has a nice breeze and you can see the gulf from inside the bar .
I was very disappointed in the satay being that you only get two small skewers .
I mean bacon fat .
The Lomo Saltado had a good taste , also the anticuchos and Aji de gallina .
I guess they figured we would sit there waiting on that waitress to come back off break .
We would bowl and the arm would remove the pins , well , pull them up and then reset the others .
I was actually disappointed after reading the good reviews here .
We were seated about 9:20 and given water and menus , then ignored until 9:40 .
The prices are very high and it is clear that you are paying for the ambiance .
First experience was awful , especially the long wait to get our food from the kitchen .
Once we were seated , it took 10 - 15 minutes to receive wine classes .
We occupied five tables put together .
The beef kabob was delicious .
The VERY BEST Lengua tacos I have ever had ! ! !
Just seemed like the pizza crust with cheese .
I do n't mind walking a block or two to park if it 's only going to cost half the price of the hotel .
Muriel 's is one of the places I would love to return to because of the ambiance and the great food .
The pancakes were hearty but fluffy ...
The pork was excellent ... sweet but with a kick .
We did get our chicken comped due to the dryness .
We got their Veggie pizza and it was excellent .
They really wanted to have some Korean food before going back home , but the place they wanted to go to was closed .
I 'd have to say it 's one of the top wings here in town .
I was fortunate to come across this lovely place !
The bright spots would be the fried zucchini and the ghost pepper cheese .
We just love this place !
The coffee was great , the servers were all friendly and kind .
My 8 - year - old and I visited Street on a recent evening , having heard a ton of buzz about the high quality of the food .
My new favorite Mexican restaurant !
The carnitas and chicken were flavorable and juicy .
It was huge , I actually wrapped up the other half to take home .
I asked which dishes are less spicy , he said dismissively : all of them are spicy because Indian food is spicy ..
This place is my absolute favorite sushi restaurant in the area .
When I asked to speak with a Manager , she just hesitated and said ok .
We 've eaten at every sushi place in Reno , this is the best we 've had .
The pizza was really tasty , Crust was a little softer then I prefer but it was real good .
My initial excitement soon soured .
Onion / mushroom soup was delish .
He puts the driver on and she says she was just there and the front desk is lying .
Fish was fresh and the rolls were excellent .
So many pizza places in the area close by 10 on the weekend !
I love how nicely the decor was done , from the chandeliers to the cute tea cups .
My friends and I always ordered food from there menu and we loved EVERYTHING !
She ordered a salad , which was also good .
On the down side , after we were done eating they gave our table away to the next dinner time , and we had nowhere to go !
it 's not out - of - this - world good , but it 's good .
I like the huevos banditos .
I really enjoyed the calm atmosphere , music and art on the walls .
The wings are also pretty good here they are crispy and juicy .
Ca n't wait to try more of the menu .
the bread they use , which i * think * is honey - wheat , is simply out of this world .
I wish we had went to the Pizzeria next door instead ...
But on the whole this was a very fine meal .
I 'm not overly familiar with Ethiopian cuisine , but my husband and I do favor food from the Mediterranean region .
This is not an exaggeration , but FIVE MINUTES after we ordered , our food came out .
The shrimp and scallops were just excellent .
There is a whole lot going on in terms of decoration , so it can be a bit of a sensory overload .
The sauces were pretty good though , so that was good .
The restaurant was well thought out and executed .
I had the Mac , egg whites , veggie sausage , spinach , etc .
My father even drank whiskey here and loved it , which is just crazy making .
He was awesome , Very engaging ( we 're used to colder folks back home ) , funny , and was an excellent server .
I do n't go to restaurants with a political view .
Yummy yummy yummy the shrimp was good , hot and fresh and the French fries are yummy ! ! !
This place is a little slice of Heaven .
The manager & staff were making the best of National Sandwich Day .
Tonight was our first visit to The Mason Jar .
Great service , Daniel was very personable and attentive .
We do n't go out of our way to go here , but if we are in the area we tend to stop in .
Do n't forget to grab some horchata to wash it down
I just had bacon , scrambled eggs , hash browns and a cinnamon roll .
They both did a great job but it seemed at first that they were taking each other 's station until we figured it out .
I was surprised about how cramped it was inside but it does make for a cool intimate atmosphere even if it feels a bit crowded .
Amazing experience ! ! !
The pumpkin curry special combo was MILDLY spicy and sweet .
It 's off the beaten path a little , but now that we 've found it , we will definitely be back soon !
The happy hour prices I thought reasonable .
Everything was great but the scallops and uni on top were the highlight .
The pho chef sometimes comes out to greet me and check on the quality of the pho .
Okay , maybe that 's why I was given a paper cup - because I was going to be forced to go with hot coffee instead .
Last night we got there kinda late around 10 pm .
The server was open and obvious as to her irritation that the table next to us was taking so long to order .
There 's chai and desserts as well as a salad bar .
We both had rice / beans and plantains for the sides .
First the entire staff was super friendly , including the owner Big B in the back making the pizzas .
Charged for sour cream .. seriously ?
It was so cold my cheese did n't melt .
Best part , the staff is awesome !
The waitress danced around our questions before pointing to the bottom of the menu to say prices are subject to change .
The fork in the road left me with two options , Royal Izakaya or Tuna Bar , and boy am I glad I chose the latter .
I was very peeved by this and called the party planner .
The best dessert there had to be the red velvet ice cream sandwich .
If we could , we d pack and leave immediately but this is a once in a life time thing for my best friend , so were stuck here .
Customer service was ok .
Well after 1 hour and 10 minute my order was ready but it was not what I ordered .
My mother did n't want to create a scene , so she took her wrinkly money back , paid with a credit card with no tip , ha !
Even the sides are very carb- and fake - cheez heavy , and the salads , well , guess what ?
It was definitely not the best fried chicken I 've had .
LOCATION : this place shares a parking lot with Longhorn Steakhouse so there are plenty of spaces .
We stumbled upon Mr B 's while in town and do n't regret that we did .
Chicken & waffles was good , as well .
service was efficient and there was n't a wait at all that tuesday evening at 6 pm .
The vibe is laid back and the decoration is chic .
Stay away smdh !
I enjoyed the sweet hot mustard .
The bread and the cheesecake were ok , the eclair was terrible .
Slightly panicked at the fast pace of it all I promptly ordered 5 sandwiches ( please feel free to judge me ) .
The salad was very fresh , with nice greens and homemade dressing .
Plus it 's located right in the heart of the live jazz district of Frenchman .
We stopped by for dinner , the food was great and the service excellent .
She really enjoyed it and it was so big , I got to try a bit of it too .
Today my daughter and I stopped in for lunch after playing at the park .
They have a pork and fig entree ... the pork was very tender , but there was n't enough of the fig to really make a difference .
Then if things could n't get any better we had the plantain bake as dessert and it was the best thing on earth .
The options were Ruffles or store bought pasta salad .
The waiter skipped the second course entirely , and then said it was n't a course at all when we pointed this out .
Happy to find this place when we were hungry !
I ca n't stay if I like this more than In - n - out so I have to say I like this place just as much as In - n - out .
The chilaquiles were a new find today and wow !
Like most , I was a little surprised by the counter style ordering .
As this was a Friday night , we went a few blocks north to hit 3 Daughters , have a beer and watch some live music afterwards .
I was amazed to see how affordable the breakfast and lunch platters were .
The mushroom tart I ate today was rich , buttery , and delicious .
Definitely a good choice .
The other night was my first experience at Jet 's pizza .
The food did n't blow us away but the view was nice .
It was like entering someone 's house - in the 1800 's .
It came with sauteed spinach and steamed wild rice , all in one small pile .
We had eggs and biscuits ..
Maybe it 's just the evening crew , I do n't know .
After the small plates , I had the kale salad , and that is when I started to feel really WOOF .
We did n't have reservations but were able to be seated .
Awesome little dive .
Depending on how much you expect to eat , it may be cheaper to order à la carte than go for the AYCE .
They simply tasted like chicken wings .
Excellent choice for our last meal in nola ! !
Quality very poor .
The taste of the pasta was not a big deal ...
It 's a hearty size and is so layered in flavor that every bite was a delight .
We went on a Saturday afternoon and got seated right away .
It was well worth the wait .
Reed 's menu is broad and interesting .
The chips , salsa and bean dip were very good .
They could n't get our orders right the 1st time around and the 2nd time ordered a simple dish that tasted completely nasty .
My friends did n't all show up until 10:40 .
It 's more of a longer dinner .
Ordered the eel roll and the Screaming Tuna roll .
We had been ordering from them almost weekly since they opened and at first , their pizza was outstanding .
Their crepes were ok .
I got the open egg sandwich with avocado and after a long wait it finally came out barely warm .
Excellent service by server , Kia she was so great , we complimented her to the manager and he was great also .
I went in at 1:15 and the living room sized restaurant was packed .
The service we received from the staff was excellent .
SO ... My friends and i went to this really nice bar and we had the time of our lives ...
Thanks Al 's for a great unexpected meal .
Chicken fingers were dry .
Joey runs the shop and makes the pizzas and it 's as good as or better than Macks Wildwood pizza ... there , I said it !
The staff was friendly and polite .
The oyster omelet was a little too greasy as well .
the salad was so - so ; it was no frills with the perfect amount of dressing .
Jones markets itself as American comfort food and they are pretty much spot on .
It is 12 am and we just received the food !
The fish was a bit on the greasy side and the fry were nothing special .
I said no problem , packed my things and was ready to walk out .
He said it was the most amazing pork he has ever eaten !
Too stuffed for dessert but the neighboring table had the snickers pie and it looked good ! )
They do n't serve any alcohol .
We had probably 40 people in the room and we fit pretty comfortably .
It 's always really crowded , and I 'm not really sure why- maybe because most diners do n't have liquor licenses .
Every time I go to the Fountain on Locust , I 'm transported back into that previous life .
Added to that , there was a dead cockroach on our table .
They had no wiz so I got it with american and it was an 8 inch roll .
Presentation gets 5 stars ! !
Everyone 's food looked good .
I 'll still default to the 8th Ave .
Seems today everything is a drama !
We had the onion tarte and brussel sprouts to share and I had the Grilled Mahi .
We proceeded to finish our meal completely before they brought the salmon to her .
I live nearby in New Orleans and have been to both Surreys locations multiple times .
I stood at the hostess / Please wait to be seated table and no one bothered to make eye contact with me or acknowledged me .
One of our favorite local venues .
I think this is a great deal .
Our server was good .
All said , great dinner !
I came from TX and am jealous to not to have such a place closer to me .
This place is magical .
Then after I payed I seen the other chips and asked for them and he was all mad .
My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly .
Its def my favorite and I hope you will try it too .
They 're shouters here , like at Moe 's , and usually belt out a big welcome ( entire staff ) every time the door opens .
And the service was outstanding .
I was thrilled to get a booth next to the window on M street .
I was impressed with this pizza place 's selection .
This is a very local establishment .
Oh my goodness ... Definitely finger licking good !
It came seared , on a bed of spinach .
The cobia with risotto was cooked perfectly , as was the beef filet .
It 's a great place to people watch and have beer and wine .
I am extremely picky ( that 's what my husband says anyway ) so it 's pretty hard to please me .
The food , however was a little above average .
This was my first time trying afghani food and it was a very pleasant experience .
When they 're full , you have to either park at the pizza place , or behind the building by a liquor store .
I said I was eating in , looks at me as if i m stupid , and says the guy told him it was take out .
This is such a nitpicky complaint but such a regular occurrence that it 's annoying : their to - go cups leak .
Hmm ... I have never had a bad experience here .
The pizza itself was not the best becuase the sausage was terrible .
I ca n't wait to come back and bring my family .
The ambiance is lovely .
The building is nice , and it 's a really pleasant atmosphere .
This restaurant was very unique !
1 - they seemed to have put more attention into the way the food looked on the plate then the flavor of the food .
My boss raved about her oyster po boy ( huge portion ) .
I had to check if the place I 'm reviewing is the same place I had been to and I 'm sure it is .
Now to the food .... there were so many options and variations , is was almost impossible to choose .
New Mexican restaurant ! ! !
after 15 mins we gave our drink order .
There were actually two large parties that day .
Then I realized they relocated & was excited about having salad there ; I loved the salad bar .
You would actually think you were eating at your grandmother 's house .
I was a bit torn on my rating for Penang .
I have lived in North County all my life and am excited to have found you all .
After sitting there for about 25 minutes , we had yet to be approached by a waiter .
It may not be our favorite place in New Orleans , but it always satisfies .
The service was nice .
We ordered 2 rolls and the tuna tower .
Love coming here but I do n't get to get in often .
Great time yesterday at the south Philadelphia location .
I read on another review they were out of bread , so common theme ?
The bottle of wine that was recommended was $ 75 and was not told prior to ordering it , just that it was the last bottle .
I visited PF Changs yesterday for lunch with my sister .
The menu is organized by the heaviness of the dish and the waiter was very informative .
I was especially impressed they were filling all the cannnoli by hand from a giant squeeze bag hanging from a rod .
I did n't see any bikers but this is also winter in Pennsylvania .
The table was too small , but that 's just a minor little quibble .
Another ordered the ribeye , this was the only thing I did n't try at our table , but he was extremely happy .
Did n't have to take any home .
Awesome happy hour too !
Disappointed that I did n't look at the menu before coming here and just looked at the rating .
Its the highlight of a terrific menu and a great meal .
The lighting was great and the noise level was perfect too .
The donuts are ok .
definitely worth the wait ... definitely worth going back again
For dessert I shared some dessert nachos those were pretty tasty .
It was " just right " in size , i.e.
My 3 sisters each enjoyed their choices as well .
I also have to say we love their breakfasts ! ! !
My husband and I had their brisket and a side of green beans and Wednesday 's jalapeño grits and everything was very tasty .
It 's usually crowded which must be a good sign !
I also had the blue corn tacos , again not disappointed ! ! !
The ginger chicken took a long time to cook but I am not sure why as when it came out it was still pink .
The food was very bland both times , and really just not good .
Our waitress was really nice and attentive to if we needed something .
I had a fresh pasta dish and it was very good !
Sorry , but it was extremely irritating hearing loud rap music and the music in the restaurant .
The battered and fried garlic was amazing - meltingly tender pieces of mellow garlic .
When our hour was up , we approached the counter to ask about the Pizza 's .
We went here on recommendation from a friend , and this place hit it out of the park .
This is a regular place to visit for my wife and I.
We had a fantastic experience , and are looking forward to our next meal at Basimo .
This is my favorite thai restaurant .
We arrived at 6 pm and by 10 pm , we still were not served our dinners .
The food was fresh and delicious felt like I was at home .
The food was yummy and cheap !
It came fast with a smile and everything on my plate was seriously the best I 've had here in New Orleans .
d onions smothered with melted cheese .
Almost always an open spot .
The atmosphere in the bar is actually nice and open when we went .
They all tasted great , I think the Margherita and Crudo were our two favorites .
We waited to get our check 20 minutes .
We did n't use the restrooms so not sure if those are accessible .
We have been meaning to go here for quite a while , and shame on us .
Some of the chips were burned .
Overall , this is a great place .
The design and interior of the club is Spanish Colonial .
Food is traditional American Chinese .
Only a few blocks from my house and I had no clue this delicious place existed .
We also ordered a spinach omlette that was really good .
Not coming to this location again , just horrible .
The spice level was perfect .
No friendly greeting , in fact , no greeting at all .
Its more of a if - i - am - in - the - area - i - will - stop - in kind of a place .
I topped off my drink with whole milk -- which in itself was a real treat .
Dmitri 's is our family go to restaurant as we have been coming for the past 15 years .
I truly enjoyed the atmosphere , the service ( Connor ) and my dinner meal .
Caused by what they said the chef was not happy with the crabcake being burnt .
The D 's added cheddar grits , sweet potato casserole , green beans and baked beans .
I shared a Meat pizza with my husband but skipped the chicken , as that is n't what we prefer .
Also ... very accomodating at this location .
We used to just come in for the fish , but now it 's just as much about listening to Brent make the customers laugh .
For checking in on Yelp I received a coupon for one free lemonade ..
The texture was amazing and the chicken was even a good quality .
It was n't until after this that he offered to deduct it from the check .
The big man who made our food helped my son with his order .
Our servers were prompt and friendly , it was still happy hour so we ordered a door#three , a rye drink and a beer .
Kind of sandwiched in a parking lot between a Home Depot and a Dairy Queen , Tortas is very easy to overlook .
I took one sip and pushed it to the side .
The lamb riblets were cooked to perfection in olive oil and lemon juice of course ...
Do n't mind paying a little extra for higher quality but this was ridiculous and wo n't be returning .
Yay for creativity and edge - pushing !
This is a favorite place for me and my friends .
i was looking forward to a new coffee spot , but this wo n't be it for me .
The atmosphere and the restaurant itself was great , but the food was average at best .
This is one of my pet peeves about Yelp i.e.
That is how bad this restaurant was .
Lots of GF options which I do n't necessarily need but my sister has Celiac 's so it 's awesome to have the choice !
Only because of her friendly demeanor did we stop and eat .
Finally after about 10 minutes I got her attention and she came back and took my order sheet , again without saying a word .
on top of that the workers actually are not professional at all .
I saw the good and bad reviews , but I 'm fair and like to judge from my own experience , so I came in with neutral expectations .
I had the bacon burrito .
I am so very glad I gave them a second chance .
Lou , the man on the phone , actually called me back and told me the driver went to his other job .
I chose this as my birthday lunch place with a friend .
The food is pretty spicy .
The food arrived surprisingly quickly .
However , I usually would n't order it because the meal itself was so big .
Went with a group and we shared each other 's calzones .
i order the papardelle .
Its not only a wonderful restaurant , its a small grocery store .
The drinks and food here are very good .
My friend and I had a couple of tasty libations while we listened to live music .
The flavor was really good .
He really enjoyed the potato , and I tried that and it was quite good .
I could tell you how horrible the food was and how old the salad must have been .
The avocado sauce ( trust momma when I say it could n't be referred to as guacamole ) was also tasty .
We both enjoyed our meals .
I do n't believe that I 'm a fan of thyme on eggs .
It was more of a bread sandwich with a large piece of lettuce and a small piece of chicken .
Worst sushi experience EVER .
My wife had the triggerfish , and would not share a bite , so I know it was good .
We had the nachos , chicken and waffles , and the mushroom ramen .
I do n't know of a whole lot to do in Nashville , but while I 'm there on business , I love staying at the Opryland .
The fish and shrimp was all farm raised since there was no indication it was wild caught .
If I were you , I would n't wait until you were in the area to stop by .
Just let the owner , Hasan , know it 's your first time .
I had the choice of a small table sanwiched right in the middle of a bunch of tables or the bar .
It 's also noteworthy that I did n't see any African American servers or bartenders .
The atmosphere is very casual - they serve you on plastic plates , very clean , and very kid - friendly .
The purslane salad tasted like I was eating a plant in the middle of a garden .
I returned my food , and have vowed to never return .
It is my fault , really , as I should have asked what fish was to be used in the curry fish dish .
Only downside is the parking ... if the lot is crowded there are n't a lot of other options .
Tonight we had 2 Paellas , salmon and a filet mignon .
We went on a weekday about 10 am and had many places to sit .
My daughter 's hot dog was big and delicious as well .
This place is at the very end of Stearns Wharf .....
Oh , & the woman who complained about not getting their # 1 seller @ 1 in the afternoon ?
Never mentioned that they only had bottle drinks for coke .
Over all , this place was very fantastic and highly recommended .
It 's a long wait during prime time but that 's what you get for going during prime time .
The man on the front desk is very Kind .
It is a Sunday ... Fathers Day and only place in town with no brunch wait .
No goodbye , no have a nice day .
The employee ( I think the owner ) was friendly .
Then the meat was so well seasoned .
The only dish which I 'm not fond of is the wild mushroom risotto .
Oysters were outstanding .
When our family comes in from Arkansas , we always make sure we take them to try Jerry Bob 's .
Someone ran out to me with the bill and food immediately .
The crinkle cut fries were alright as well .
The tacos I got were good though .
This place is n't 5 stars for 1 simple reason , it 's soooo LOUD !
Seemed quick to take away our plates , and never there when you needed another drink .
Overall a nice experience .
Walking in I almost felt like ET when the government comes in and throws him on a table in the blue tent .
Every time anyone asked for one she had to refer to a recipe or ask how they were made .
Every dish on the menu is pure perfection .
The papaya salad was delicious ( although a little light on the papaya part ) , the rest was forgettable .
The food and service were just like the old days at Tony Angelo 's .
The wine per glass list is average , but the food was tasty .
We tried the pot roast and it was just as good carry out as it would have been at the restaurant .
Short ribs were very tender and tasty .
What they do is magic , pure magic !
We were done eating by 6 so we killed the time just drinking and chatting .
The potatoes came out extremely fast and were lukewarm at best .
we started with onion rings ( hot and crisp ) and a cup of gumbo ( Hubs said it was really good ) .
The to go packaging was a bit overkill just for that one slice of cake , as was the $ 10 price tag .
Ave , location twice and while the food was good , the staffs attitude was a bit of a letdown .
Food was really flavorful !
The summer rolls were very fresh tasting and a delicious peanut dipping sauce accompanied them .
The cruise itself is really boring ; all you can see is trees on the side .
They had a ton of sauce on them which is awesome .
I really enjoy this Mexican restaurant because it 's Close to the house and we always have great service .
The ppl working were funny , punctual , polite , as well as spunky .
The only thing I could really taste on the burger that stood out was the pumpkin BBQ sauce .
The fries and cole slaw were perfect side dishes .
It 's true , Aldo 's has one of the greatest pizzas I have ever tasted .
The kale salad was a huge plate of mostly kale with barely any tomato or guacamole .
Clearly someone has dropped the ball at this chipotle because it was complete garbage !
Well , the food is equally FANTASTIC .
The twice cooked wings were .... omg .
The drinks were excellent and reasonably priced .
All the main ingredients ( meat , mustard , pickles , cheese ) were in good balance .
But the blocks around it are n't very inspiring as it is in an industrial park .
The food was delicious and the hospitality was second to none .
After waiting 20 minutes , I followed up with them .
The black spaghetti is a must try ( do n't remember the name ! ) Service was phenomenal !
My one pet peeve : we had a reservation , yet waited for nearly an hour before being seated .
The band we saw was great .
I have been to many TeX Mex places in my life and was really disappointed in the place .
I ordered 2 tacos ( one beef , one chicken ) and they were both quite tasty .
the burrito bread was hard and was n't fresh it 's like a fake chipotle lol but expensive should be cheaper thou
We passed by this place several times knowing that once we moved in we would have to try it .
This place is very convenient seeing how its literally downstairs .
It 's even more horrible to look at in the cold light of day , and determine that it 's still a correct assessment .
Great little hole in the wall Wing Place .
Found this place on yelp and came to try to since it was walking distance from circus circus .
No soggy crust here .
The tables face towards the windows so u can look outside .
The male hostess was nice enough ...
We have been ordering through grub hub and our food was always right and here quickly .
Would of totally given 5 stars at that time , I recommended to EVERYONE to try them out !
The Nutella banana calzone was beyond amazing ! !
After eye - balling the Daily Specials ' board , we decided to get the Cranberry Walnut Chicken Salad .
Today was a cold breezy yet sunny day , so it was somewhat bearable to wait outside .
It tasted like any other donut I 've tasted before .
The pork tasted like leather , the $ 17 shrimp curry came with 3 shrimp
The food was the only redeeming factor though .
and he was totally nice and knowledgeable about the menu items .
The only downside to this location is the parking .
Our dinner was amazing but it 's was the service that sucked .
Oyster Sliders , HOT Chicken and Banana pudding .
Mucho burrito would be a better choice for a night out ...
All the sides were great , especially fried okra , mashed potatoes and the sweet potato casserole .
He was seating 2 ladies just as I walked in so I assumed he would be right back to seat me .
I was instantly impressed when I opened one of my three and found that El Sabor puts an entire filet of fish in each taco !
I absolutely love this place .
hopefully I 'm in the area because I 'm def .
Chicken was very tender in both meals .
This place has two redeeming qualities .
We ended up leaving with to - go boxes .
Did not even make eye contact as she accepted my payment .
We finished up with the tiramisu and Frank 's homemade cheesecake which was one of the best things i 've ever put in my face .
Food finally came out steak bites were cold .
The absence of pistachios on the exposed ends should 've tipped me off .
The rooms are very nice ( we had a suite on the third floor ) .
I looked for their health score but did n't see it posted anywhere .
Came here on a Sunday on way to Philadelphia Outlets and what a lovely surprise .
My friends split a Cesar salad and it looked really good .
My mom and aunt got the baked crab soup , which before we ordered , we misheard each other and called it baked crap soup .
It will not be our last time there .
The service was attentive and friendly and the prices were affordable .
This place was exactly what I expected it to be ... a hole in the wall in a slightly sketchy part of town with delicious pupusas !
Chicken on the pizza we chose was cooked and seasoned perfectly .
Every dish at Juniper Commons was top - notch .
The cupcakes were great .
He then said " that 's it , no more " in a rude tone of voice .
Their food was delicious and customer service was excellent .
However , the somewhat isolated location ( It 's a random strip mall surrounded by suburban houses ) provides good parking spots .
Mislead by the reviews ... rather unfortunate to say the least .
I do n't think it was anything special or worth the price tag .
Mae 's just opened , and I hope they do well in this difficult spot .
I loved it so much that I brought my new husband there the morning after our wedding .
It 's good stuff .
I got the chicken fajita nachos , and I 'm pretty sure the chicken was completely unseasoned .
This is where our experience started and We quickly fell in love .
Also on the side were salsa and sour cream .
The acai was a little watery and I did not enjoy whole hard chocolate chips in the acai bowl .
Service was great and the food did n't taste greasy at all .
The staff was friendly and we got our food fairly quickly .
I was in Boise visiting family and one of my sisters raved about Express Cafe .
The only down side we had was the grainy bread and the seasonings on the Philly steak could have been better .
We sat in a booth and were a bit squished , but they did not have a larger table available .
My husband and I shared the Salsiccia ( fennel sausage , roasted fennel , tomato sauce , mozzarella ) .
I do n't care how moist you think your biscuits are ...
I ordered chicken tikka masala and fish curry for dinner .
The flounder was a very small filet served over the seafood stuffing that had crab shell in it .
Which by the way , was delicious .
While we waited for our babies to arrive we perused the prepared food section and decided on a fennel salad and chicken pasta .
We each had side orders of bacon , two slices each at $ 5 , and not like it was super thick .
The free hot breakfast was a hoot !
It was nothing special , but after a long day at the office , it was just what the doctor had ordered .
We were both served our own butter and grape jelly .
We spent our time and money there only to have the birthday ruined .
We ordered the fried calamari , two souvlaki platters one lamb one chicken .
The problem , however , was not that they were too busy , it 's that it takes 15 minutes for anyone to bus a table .
and then we showed up to an empty restaurant on a Saturday night ...
- mind you , I do n't " like " fish but I love this place !
My mom realized the half and half container was empty and gave the guy behind the counter a head 's up .
No attempt to place it in the bins on the counter .
The pork belly was excellent and a good size and the collard greens were well prepared .
Wo n't mention a name , but there is one bartender there that offers friendly service and makes a great margarita .
All the food here was delicious !
The food I must say was some of the best Italian food I 've ever eaten .
I also took a look at their draft menu , which had a nice selection of craft brews .
I 'm a vegetarian so I can only personally comment on the donuts and coffee ; however , my husband is obsessed with the chicken .
The servers were super friendly too .
Lazo 's really made my day .
The food & atmosphere are incredible .
the management staff was very understanding and willing to help .
It 's not their fault ; it 's Tucson so you know you really ca n't get fresh seafood .
I highly recommend the mojito and the cassoulet !
Other restaurants downtown need to take notice .
Let 's talk desert .....
In fact considering it 's Mexican , it is very bland .
The people in the restaurant are very nice and friendly .
It 's in a strip mall next to a Cheeburger Cheeburger .
What an unexpected surprise !
Anyways , food is okay , but it 's certainly a shame both service and ownership are such wrinkle - free - money nazis .
Sicilian slice with pancetta & vidalia onions was unbelievably airy & done perfectly .
My first trip to New Orleans , and my first meal here .
Server brought boxes for food we were still eating , without asking if we wanted them .
We had to look at the check a few times to make sure they charged us for everything .
This was my second time dining at The Prime Rib , and as before , everything was perfect .
I worked at the Hotel duPont ...
She asked for blue cheese on the side , not knowing that it would n't come with cheese otherwise .
I ordered the mini sirloin burgers and they arrived over cooked and dry , even the buns were burnt in places .
The time you spend looking for a parking spot you coulda drove the 20 minutes to jenkintown and parked here with ease .
I could eat here everyday it is so tasty !
I really enjoyed my visit at Honeys for brunch today .
The first time I went I did n't realize it was cash only , but they gave me food anyways and told me to just pay them back .
I 've never been a fan of it and do n't really care for sushi much either .
The pretzel sticks were a really good appetizer , though .
I hate it when the soup is so hot you just have to stare at it and wait for it to cool .
The drinks were good too !
I did speak to one of the employees regarding if they used MSG since the broth had such a light taste .
Really made us feel at home .
The food was good , but it was n't my favorite .
We sat at the bar ( as we typically do ) and had just a great experience .
We were offered a lagniappe app of bruschetta , which may very well be the best I ever had .
Village burger was incredible , so was all the whiskey we tried .
The store build out is very clean and great attention to detail .
My meal was very good .
Staff is rude and far from attentive , though it seems like this place is always over - staffed when we have been here .
I also liked the pork chops - big , thick , fatty , and tasty .
It has been over a year since my last visit .
Katie 's is a neighborhood place , and everyone 's super friendly .
I forget the name but it was n't that good .
While we were there , they told us about the $ 5 burger Mondays , which I then returned for the very next Monday .
I opted for the table for 2 by the window so that we could people - watch .
while waiting for our food we were brought some hot delicious bread ..
We had to flag down the server to ask for refills and the night was not busy .
We were disregarded for 15 minutes after asking for service .
I was n't expecting it to be packed on a Sunday late afternoon but oh well .
Ca n't say I 'd return , but I can cross this off my list .
We had two of the special drinks and those were really good .
I am staying at the Grand Sierra Resort in Reno and went to look for lunch .
Really love the ambiance- they 've remodeled in the past couple years and it looks nice !
OK , so we never actually got our food ...
The guacamole was brown .
It was more of a lunch and dinner joint .
How wrong we were .... to conclude this review let 's just say never again ..
We had banana bread ( probably our favorite , the famous sweet potato , raspberry , and chocolate chip .
Showed up shortly before they closed , and they invited us in and treated six of us to a delicious meal .
And they seemed annoyed by her persistence .
I would go back there literally to get a plate of orzo- it was THAT delicious !
The fried pickles were greasy and soggy .
I think if I could , I would give Zen Yai a 3.5 stars , but alas , c'est la vie .
We stopped by here around 2:00 pm on Saturday and the place was hoppin !
My husband had a bad cold but wanted to try cafe 's lassi ...
My absolute favorite coffee place in Reno !
This is one of the nicest BBQ joints in the city .
The only issue we had is that the bed dipped in the middle .
My only regret was that I did n't have time for the bakery !
The noodles had a weird texture to it but I 'm pretty sure it was the spices on it .
The food was mediocre and the staff was even worse .
Everything we ate at the restaurant was so unique , each course deserves its own review .
Okay , fine , I understand that children ca n't sit at the bar , so we agreed to let them have the table .
The interior is warm and festive at the same time , and the employees are so laid back and friendly .
which is exactly the same thing I would choose .
It was wrapped in a mission tortilla and was tiny .
A tourist trap for sure , but what a spectacular spot right on the pier .
most of the time , there 's no resisting ! ! ! !
She had a major attitude , like she was put out at the idea f doing her job , serving the customer ! ! !
We come here because it 's local , but that 's the only reason .
The waiter said the rigatoni was their most popular dish , so naturally I ordered It .
Locals recommended Milktooth , and it 's an amazing jewel of Indianapolis .
That having been said , I wo n't rave and say this place is amazing , because it is n't .
Later on , the manager and head Hibachi supervisor apologized time and time again .
Either sat in window for a long time or just not fresh/ not sure .
Realising quickly that it was n't , I inquired again and was told the same thing , but I can go ahead and pay .
The chicken Parm looked rather flat , and my Dad did not finish it , proclaiming it " not for me . "
Also , it 's not a huge place .
I was told that they did n't take reservations and that I 'd have to let the hostess know when we arrived about our party size .
We were served room temperature water and the bottled soda I ordered was also room temp .
I think next time I try one of the other Indian restaurants in the area .
The door says open until 3 am but it was like the girl at the bar resented us for arriving ....
I attended a meeting for the homebuilders Association of New Orleans here .
I had the chicken rice soup along with the Wild boar meatloaf , mashed potatoes and asparagus .
This is quickly becoming my favorite Mexican restaurant downtown Indy !
I enjoyed every min of our experience here .
I asked the owner for recommendations , and he recommended me the chicken salad chaat ( medium spicy ) .
Really love the atmosphere here .
Please note , it 's not like we called at 2:28 for lunch , it was a reasonable 11:45 or so .
The staff there was also excellent .
I did not get the fries as they are just meh and their onion rings are so big you really have to be in a hungry mood for them .
The crust was thin and baked to perfection .
I had the five alarm burger which was supposed to be hot , but was really quite tame .
I 'm glad I waited for the door because the food was wonderful ; great flavors and plenty left over .
Oddly enough , neither of us got pizza , but the meal far exceeded my expectations .
Favorite indian place in Tucson , hands down !
The barbecue chicken rolls were absolutely amazing and tasty , much better than the cold pork ones we ordered .
Our last entrée , the Chicken Trombino , was suggested by Lydia and I can see why .
They had a maple bacon latte I could 've gone for buuuut I just was n't ready for the challenge .
My boyfriend 's trout meal was disappointing .
( This was n't on a weekend , holiday or Mardi Gras , so go figure about the sudden rush )
The fiance had the southern breakfast , said the eggs were cooked poorly and the grits were too salty .
My kids had ice tea which was extremely bitter .
Nice little donut spot on the corner .
but I 'm pretty sure you get the point !
My husband ordered the filet mignon with crab meat and it was cooked exactly as requested ; rare .
I ordered guacamole and it was so fresh and flavorful .
Just average place ... won't be back .
Literally one of the worst places I 've been in years .
We also ordered the guava donut forgot what it was called though , and that too despite sounding weird was really yummy .
A few weeks ago , I over heard one of the management tell an employee in front of customers that he does n't like white people .
Oh ... and the Las Vegas roll is fantastic ! !
He profusely apologized and explained the reason for the ordering snafu .
We ordered queso and grilled chicken fajitas and we enjoyed it all .
I made my first visit to Blake 's yesterday .
My family and I love this restaurant .
I chose the boudin sausage , egg over a biscuit and potatoes .
The servers ( Andrea and Tom ) were friendly , professional , and 100 % on top of everything .
The place is a little dumpy .
Then came kids ...
It had a weird spicy sauce that just was n't good .
Their Grits are amazing ... honestly the best I have ever had .
My favorite coffee shop in Tampa .
By that time , we were full on chips -- which were the only good thing on the menu !
I ordered the pork and steak .
And most importantly , the food is really good .
The food was really that good .
Not sure if that 's because we were the only people there , but hopefully it 's like that when the place is more crowded !
While the chicken fingers themselves were super juicy and moist , the Texas toast was too greasy to eat them on .
Once we were seated everyone ordered and seemed to enjoy their food .
The next item was belly and butternut .
That said , the food was creative and cutting edge .
Also I got tomatoes and cucumbers which were mush because they were overripe .
The cous cous and asparagus were both excellent .
The manager and staff are as attentive , knowledgeable , and friendly as could be .
She made sure our glasses were always full , even if it meant coming back every 5 minutes or so .
As always I left Kanella , completely satiated , and already pondering my next return .
To make up for it , they gave us tokens for 2 free rt 44 drinks !
For a sausage pasta , it really did n't taste like much .
We also got the coconut shrimp and the shrimp ceviche .
People were genuinely nice - it was n't fake .
Everybody working there is very friendly and helpful , too , and the place is clean and the display cases look great .
We all enjoyed our meals , the food was great .
On a hot day , make sure to check out their icee stand in the back .
My overall experience here was not enjoyable .
A favorite spot in Philly , right on Headhouse Square !
They were out of steak , so we mistakenly tried pork skin .
It is small but hospitable , and the staff is very friendly .
Unfortunately , the rice was insanely overcooked , the texture literally made me dry heave .
It 's a huge bowl .
Chang 's ; it 's loud and it does have a more fast food feel to it .
they had chocolate and vanilla ice cream for all of the kids too :)
He recommended the pizza ; we indulged happily .
Just a great place to eat !
The orange juice tastes fresh squeezed - delicious !
It 's these items that made this place a go to for us .
I had the curry beef sheperd 's pie .
Food - wise , it 's meh .
Mike had the corn cake topped with crab and an egg i think and he loved his choice .
He took it very graciously , and did n't charge us any of our 39 dollar alcohol tab to try and make amends .
The person taking orders at register was annoyed that I asked some questions about the menu .
It 's nothing special , just a good family restaurant
What made it even more fantastic was the buy one get one free coupon I retrieved from Facebook .
A disappointing experience .
Savory and spicy ..
Since we did eat there the night before and we were trying to go back , the food was good .
Even with the old school of paying by cash , we did n't mind in the least !
We 're not ordering juice here , people , we 're ordering drinks !
The wings were NOT jumbo .
:) will definitely be coming back .
I could 've eaten several of those and forgotten the pizza ( although that was wonderful too ! ) .
He 's an excellent craft cocktail maker and highly attentive .
Was n't referring to sandwiches ...
The portions were VERY SMALL- more like a tasting .
Asking for a fork is a huge burden on them for which I must apologize .
The quality of the Kelp Sushi , the presentation , the flavor , the portions were all absolutely perfect .
Good breakfast and certainly one the best in Indy ( but that does n't really mean much ) .
We got diverted to Tampa and decided to make the drive to Orlando but first we needed somewhere to eat .
We had a taste of the po boy as well .
But I ca n't forget to mention the very best thing about Mellow -- their beer selection .
For once , I could actually taste the egg .
The fresh veggies and mashed potatoes were all very good as well .
When another table in a better part of the restaurant opened up , she reseated us .
Worth the drive from downtown St Pete .
My wife and I held our rehearsal dinner there , with a group of 30 people !
Although it 's an AYCE , the food is truly fresh .
The guys at Shank will prepare your meats for the freezer as well .
Very romantic , vintage , sultry -- and it feels like I 've been swept away into a decade from a very long time ago .
The bartender was lovely and very kind .
The fried rice is bland , and the black pepper beef is chewy .
Came in at 11 am and was seated right away .
I had the breakfast burrito , which was bad .
Overcooked everything , one of the worst dining experiences ever .
The bacon was good , but it was the perfectly poached eggs and delicious , lightly lemony Hollandaise sauce that made the dish .
I had the ice coffee , which was just okay .
It 's very open and the decor is fun , yet soothing .
Marmont is by far one of my favorite places to go to in Philadelphia whenever I 'm in the city !
I had the sweet potato hash , and it was delicious .
We arrived and waited for maybe 5 mins in the lobby .
Best oysters in NOLA ! !
Now , our server gave us the list of specials and mentioned that two of them were served with langostines .
My wife and I had fish tacos and shrimp tacos , and they were great .
i got the bacon cheeseburger .
We were told that they are in the process of changing the menu and currently there are no appetizer specials .
We would frequent the 37th and Market Street location in Philadelphia .
It 's not often that I feel compelled to leave a review , but this is definitely one of those occasions .
It gives me angina .
I went on a Monday night so it was n't too crowded either which made it nice .
Also kid - friendly - we went early and had the whole back room to ourselves .
After a few bites , he gave up and focused on his side of kale slaw , which was very tasty .
The sandwiches were pretty big and hard to attack , but both of my buddies loved them once they dug into them .
1st time here .
This place was slow and did n't have any deals but the $ 5.99 6 in meal deal .
The sandwich however was amaziiiiiing .
The guy behind the counter was not friendly but he was not rude either .
Tip - 3rd street is a one way , so I parked on Arlington and walked over , it 's only meter parking too .
It was moderately cheap and a quick , easy experience .
It 's safe to say we are regulars here !
We asked the food to be heated and it took less than 5 minutes .
From the outside you could n't tell the food is amazing .
My personal favorite is their cream stick .
Overall a good experience !
They were very good , though very heavy on the ice , this is a little disappointing given the price .
The food was overpriced and not good .
We also ordered the oddball on the menu , the sausage roll , which clearly was a nod to the English home of the owner .
How funny that one of the best places is within walking distance of my house !
If you ca n't tell , I love the people here .
Our server Lindsay was amazing .
I ordered the same thing I have ordered at the previous two restaurants , General Tso 's chicken lunch special .
What I love about this place is that it is Black owned .
I liked that they gave us more than 2 sips of wine in our glass , unlike so many other places in the city .
It is a awesome eating place .
The sandwhich was very good , on tasty foccacia bread .
Every where else everything is impossibly greasy , the food is old ... blah blah .
Knew I was in love at that moment .
Plus , the shrimp and corn soup ( their specialty ) was really yummy , even for breakfast .
Our entrees of blue crab cavatelli and shrimp n grits were very flavorful .
Really nice place to take the family .
I had dinner there other night for the first time , after having lived across the street from them for over a year .
The service was n't that good .
One of my favourite places to eat !
My cholesterol went up when I walked in the door and looked at the menu .
6 were in our party and no line to place our order .
I was easily able to find parking across the street at a meter since I arrived right before 6 pm .
Even the cleaning solution they use to clean the tables is pink !
I visited this morning .
This is the second time someone from my office has had to wait for an order we called in .
It melted in my mouth .
In hindsight it looks like his experience was a one - off .
My husband has high blood pressure so this was a major concern to me .
Food was delicious .
One thing that rubbed me the wrong way is there is 1 small container of crayons for the whole restaurant .
The cashier takes the order , lists your name and when they 're ready it 's announced on the loud speaker .
Ordered a filet medium and it came out very well done .
I loved the decor too .
He rated them both 5 stars .
The lunch specials are a great deal ( though sucks you ca n't get it take out ) .
My husband and I went here for our first anniversary .
There were only 2 people working , and he did n't want to wait .
But that just gave me the advantage when I leapt from the bus and made it to the counter first .
Praline Connection is a 5 star restaurant , hidden gem , found only a short distance from the French Quarters .
So we are seated in a small room between the bar and the main dinning room ...
The chop was flavorful , but a tad dry .
For my meal I went with the Livery Margarita ( $ 9 ) made with maestro dobel diamante , Lazaroi triplo , fresh lime juice and agave .
Today 's 1st time visit to Ippolito 's was fantastic !
Perfect for kids and hipsters alike , mom and I enjoyed Honey 's early this Saturday morning .
We were out and wanted something but did n't want to go thought a drive thru .
Got photos of most , except the crab sandwich as it was soooo delicious it was gone before I managed to take a photo !
Below is my review of the Center City location , really do n't have anything different to say :
We shared a very nice size portion Mediterranean Salad which they split into two plates .
I double - clarified both points with Trish .
The staff was nice , but the white waiter was pretty inattentive ( and partially def I think ) .
But it really should n't have taken 25 minutes to make two sandwiches and an omelet .
Honestly would 've been better off in a downtown hotel overlooking the city .
We ate here last night during the 6:00 pm rush .
I asked her about and all she said is it depends on the cook .
The fries were just okay .
They have several different dipping sauces which is really nice !
Food : I really like the mezes here .
We ended up leaving and going to another spot .
Place is part of Peppermill so decor is kind of dark .
They made sure to ask if I needed any help , answered any questions I had , and ensured I got what I wanted .
Overall one of the best experiences ever .
Two of my friends had steak and it was burnt !
My wife got the Taro smoothie ... SO delicious ! !
It 's very pricey but the foods are tasty , different and beautifully presented .
When I 'm in the mood for pasta , I get the penne rustica ( penne with chicken , mushrooms , tomatoes , veggies ) or chicken marsala .
It was cooked with pancetta which was delicious .
The chicken salad wrap was spot - on .
Just pick a number he said ...
Mains : Beef Bourguignon was excellent and so soft and flavorful .
The sauce served with each was very tasty .
I would definately come back and recommend a friend or two to visit as well ! ! !
and a little bit too oily .
My wife had the hot mess it was tasty .
Chef George ( and his entire staff ) was gracious , informative , and clearly is cooking at the top of his game .
We arrived a little after opening and had no wait .
Kind of blew my mind that she is such an amazing worker .
The egg was cooked to perfection and the veggies , rice and guac were excellent .
We ordered chicken lo mein and the beef garlic stir fry .
We ca n't wait to come back and try the rest of them !
I 've tried a few German places around the country and this is without question the best .
Pizza was a but greasy but tasted ok .
We went with my son , and the asked if we were doing all you can eat .
My seafood salad was really sad .
The burger was big and juicy ...
The place is visually stunning !
and everyone that worked there was sitting at the bar on there phone ...
After stepping inside , I noticed a good 2 inches between the halves of the door .
Intrigued by it 's appearance when my family took me there , I was excited to try their food and see what it had to offer .
He clearly cares a lot about what he does and as long as you do n't take the conversation too seriously it 'll be fine .
I waited about 10 minutes before it was my turn .
All of the ingredients were fresh and healthy .
I ordered a sausage dish that came on a hot pan , and my sister had chicken and vegetables .
I devoured those bad boys like they were my last meal .
From the get - go you can tell the owner and staff take pride in the location .
I have eaten at barbarians multiple times .
It was busy , most of the tables were full .
We ordered 5 house margaritas and two cans of beer .
Probably one of my favorite places to go .
I really struggled to decide about the star rating and here 's why .
This was a great experience !
I ca n't say enough about what a great experience we had .
This place is gorgeous and quite an experience .
the meatball parm sub was amazing , well worth the drive from Tampa ! !
Great neighborhood coffee shop .
We arrived extremely late and had to book last minute because our air b&b was a no show .
I looked around and saw half of her high top tables were empty .
Fish cooked perfect , tender and very tasty .. The sauce & raviolis were perfect ..
I 'll def be back to test out the rest of the menu .
The bartender got my order right away , and I waited ten minutes for two slices of pizza .
The crab stuffed mushrooms were heavy on the stuff and light on the crab .
Egg frittata was excellent .
Do not miss this place if you are in St.
Our first table was freezing and the waitress was beyond rude .
The waiter was great and the food outstanding .
Overall rating was 3 stars , 1 for food and 2 for service ( and for the brown rice upgrade at no charge ) !
The ramen they had on the menu was n't ichicoro status , but it was ok .
Gosh , I 'm going against the grain here but I was not impressed .
The biscuits were awesome- sweet , and definitely not dry !
Finally we had our food about 1/2 hour later .
I thought this place was really good !
It 's tough to say which was better , the crispy deep fried chicken versus the sweet and hot sauce chicken , both were awesome !
The service was impeccable , our waitress was attentive , friendly , knowledgeable , and smiley .
The only knock I can think of is that the place is n't big enough so it 's tough to get a table .
My friend bought an iced coffee and found gross gooey things in it .
We got the sample order and after trying all of the beers , we each found our favorite .
I 've always had servers with decent attitudes , but they 've never been terribly attentive .
THIS PLACE IS SUPER CLEAN ! ! ! !
Walnut shrimp , and salt baked scallops and squid .
Service : our server , Adam , was freaking outstanding .
It did take a while for them to come with our wine .
Ordered take out and while picking up I was excited about the great smoky aroma in the restaurant .
I 'm so glad that I live just down the street from this place , as I am definitely going to be frequenting .
live five minutes from this place .
The food is light and delicious .
It always has a strong smell when you open the door plus they are n't friendly or approachable at all ..
Auspicious beginnings ...
From the grilled cheesesteak to the blackened steak and shrimp quesadillas .
After waiting 25 mins , went and checked for the order .
My boyfriend and went for the first time I was excited because I have only heard great things about this restaurant .
It 's a little strange and I have been accused of being high maintenance with my water ( a fair point ) .
The pancakes themselves were fresh , & it was the first time I did n't even need syrup on pancakes they were that good !
The food was amazing but what was better was the atmosphere of the place , like having dinner with friends in the kitchen .
Oh , and the bacon is awesome too !
A favorite restaurant of ours in downtown Tucson .
The ravioli , filled with ricotta and herbs , among other ingredients , are delicious as well .
4 of us went this past Tuesday and the food was a knock out !
Do n't go to this place .
The lamb osso buco was pretty good and so was the short rib appetizer .
Waffles were light and fluffy and fruit was fresh and in season .
I loved everything about the presentation of the food to the eating of it :-) I WILL be returning !
I heard about this place in South Florida !
So it was n't like he was eating with silverware .
Its kinda a scam ...
( Those glowing reviews were from Illinois , New York and California , nice places , but .....
Also , she did not add an automatic gratuity to the bill , even though we were a large party .
The food , service , atmosphere was amazing .
The boyfriend and I decided to have one nice dinner while enjoying an impromptu weekend vacation to Philly .
Around 7:55 we still had no food .
The service was ok .
The steaks were delicious , maybe a tad salty but good anyway !
I 'm actually more of a fan of the lunch fare anyway so it works for me .
Loved the gumbo and especially the red beans and rice .
The chopped peppers are not jalapenos but fresh serranos .
I went here with a group of friends during Restaurant Week and it was the complete opposite from what we were expecting .
The spinach salad was great and accompanied by pickled cucumber , red onion , radish and hard - boiled egg .
i come back in , and Charlie 's apple tart has arrived .
Our house is on the same street as their store so no way the driver got lost .
In return , I 've never been more disrespected by any restaurant or bar .
The inside of the restaurant is very nice .
I tried the falafel plate , which came with rice and a small salad , as well as a few slices of pita bread .
For us this was a solid value .
Without a doubt , the fried chicken was delicious .
They offered to put the shakes into a to - go cup , but did not show up .
The flavors were good and tasty .
I had to make a note to myself because I do n't hangout at the corner of 6th & Tucson as much as I use to back in the day .
5 people , we waited about 10 minutes .
The Music is so dang loud it 's hard to think let alone carry on a conversation w/ folks I 'm hanging out with .
To tell the truth , I only really come here for the fries .
Based on reviews we had read , my hubby had the tri - tip sandwich .
We live close by and stumbled across this place .
They offered to make a new one and send it out , but I did n't want to wait up until 3 in the morning , so I said no thanks .
Both are excellent choices .
I got 2 hard tacos , chicken and beef , and 2 soft tacos , shrimp and fish .
The roti canai and spicy squids were both excellent .
All in all , a very pleasant dining experience !
Ordered the chicken park with was a huge chickem covered in cheese and sauce .
It tasted like watered down tea .
I would recommend this place with my eyes close ! .
I corrected him , as did a voice in the background .
We were n't too impressed with the cocktails but then ordered sangrias which were good .
Excellent customer service ! ! !
First- the people who own it and work there daily are always incredibly nice and polite .
We had the hirame carpaccio for appetizer ( I think ) and it was amazing .
Sever was great .
She 's very bubbly and outgoing :) Portabello Chicken is the best !
The place itself is TINY though .
The omelettes I 've had are delicious , particularly " The Usual , " stuffed with onions , cheddar cheese and smoked sausage .
We ordered two pizzas .
When i got there to pick them up she says you have to pay for one and she was gon na have manager stop by .
We got the Short Rib Pizza , Allagash on tap for me and Chardonnay for my wife .
Though it sounds gimmicky , the foie gras soup is a must , as well as the Kentucky Fried Lobster .
The mac and cheese was incredible , and after the pork , was my favorite part of the meal .
My only thing is that the pizzas are soooooooooooooo thin and I am definitely not a thin crust kind of person .
If we come back to the area , we 'll be back !
Finally one friend had to go to their car to get some water .
The ceviche had generous amounts of fish and shrimp !
Thanks for being so cool about accommodating that request !
There is n't much to eat in the Reno airport , especially after you pass through security .
I 've eaten here numerous times and every time it 's been absolutely fantastic .
The fried olives were very tasty & different !
I had mango , and my roommates had blueberry mint and piña colada .
The gnocchi side dish was light , flavorful and amazing .
other than that , we snagged some Vosges chocolate ( Mo 's Bacon Bar is the BEST ! ) , strawberry Pocky , and random other goodies .
Course 3 : Chicken- So here 's where the choices began .
Our drinks never got refilled , we did n't see our waitress after we got our food until she brought back our check .
Passed a salad on my way out - they 're giant ! ! ! !
Overall the staff was friendly .
:( Other than that , you have to stop by and try the carne seca burro , especially if you 're just visiting the area .
The slices of brisket in my ramen was lean and non - fatty and the broth was absolutely delicious .
Not many tables available ; and , the open tables were not clean .
Would definitely be down to come back and try dining in as their lunch entrees looked pretty yums !
It was savory , fresh and fragrant with herbs .
I 'm definitely a fan of sushi and I thought the sushi was super delicious !
Some of the rolls were ok but most where just absolutely flavorless ( mango tango or whatever was just foam .
The main lobby is really a cool place tho .
So yummy we ordered another bowl .
This is my favorite bakery and deli .
The catfish was the most tender and succulent that I 've had in memory .
We did the $ 35 customized lunch and got a lot of special attention .
They also have a parking lot and I know how difficult that is to come by in this area .
We got our check and left .
We thought the quality was on par with IHOP .
When I first walked into this restaurant I almost walked back out !
The second time we went was because we were going to be in the area and we decided to give it a second try .
The lunch menu , a mere two pages , seemed a bit limited .
Sorry to have to write this because we like to patronize local places .
Specifically , I came in for the Crawfish etouffee and grits(when I saw this photo , my mouth watered ) .
The Reubens are awesome .. the burgers as well .
Update : they just charged me .25 cents for ranch ..
Prices were very reasonable .
Which means the hostess did not wait and sat people at our table .
I am starting to think these people are bigot racists .
Food here is awesome ! !
I love this place . , quaint , family run , very clean and appealing to the eye : a recent find .
Not Red Bamboo ( the owner 's inspiration ) , or any other comprable spot in NYC compares to the taste of that soul food .
This was one of the best pasta dishes I 've ever had and was cooked al dente .
The clam chowder was good .
The shredded hashbrowns were a standout , nice and spicy !
I 'm updating my review to only mention the effort they put in to fix the issue at hand .
I had the sweet potato fries which were also spot on .
I enjoyed the meatballs too !
These guys have a ton of opinions between the Lassis and the chaats .
And at the end of our dinner , we tried to pay using the little computer that sits on every table .
Probably top 5 best slices in St.
Did n't get the donuts , but they definitely had a good selection of them !
She told us that the wait would be about 30 - 45 minutes and they will text us when the table is open .
The first employee to see me hardly even glanced at me , let alone attempt to greet me .
Our server was fantastic and the drinks were ok as well .
We shared a Gyro platter with 3 appetizers and dessert and price was less than $ 40 .
The bread and butter at the table was excellent .
Its my go to for late night meals and it hardly let 's me down !
Chicken satay was great too .
I really love this place and I have n't quite figured out why ...
I had the crab sandwich which was fresh tasting .
I had a lemon corn cake for lunch and it was delicious .
The Kanella Platter was the star but other starters were very good as well .
I shared the large antipasto salad ( garden greens , salami , olives , tomatoes , etc . ) and it was pretty good .
We were patient and did n't complain , but we felt that the service needs major improvement .
The Green Dragon Roll is my favorites - it 's so cute AND tasty !
We ended the meal w/ a Tres Leches that was extra moist and not too sweet , one of my favorite desserts in any food genre .
The manager , Patrick , was very apologetic about the situation and offered me two free shakes on my next visit .
I 've sat in here a few times and the food was very good for the most part .
I have nothing negative to say , but it 's just another breakfast place .
The food was cold , soggy and unpalatable .
She brought me three little creamer pods ....
It 's always a nice place to stop in .
I asked the woman from the kitchen sending gumbo for water she said as kinda surprised and said " you want water ? "
The seating inside is pretty dark but there are 2 tables outside and seats by the window .
Every element of the stew had it 's own flavor and it was properly cooked .
Two small complaints : the cashier who took my order was not terribly friendly .
If you have kids , it 's perfect to grab a bite and take it to the playground across the street .
I could definitely taste it was fresh and made on the spot , not pre - made and frozen .
If you 're that person , do n't come because you 'll ruin an awesome experience for your friends .
Every time I go there ( which is somewhat regularly ) , I am always struck by how great the customer service is .
that was not good enough , they addressed it with urgent care .
My experience here was all around very positive .
Definitely loved this place .
The sushi was amazing so was the service .
I liked the chocolate donut best .
Staff is friendly and answered questions ... so plus 1 for that
Besides being dangerous to the touch , everything was covered and cooked in sooooo much butter .
We also ordered a variety of sides to share : pate , brussels sprouts , grits , and fries .
That 's the only reason I 'm giving it 2stars .
Just said , I can take the plate back poor customer service it seemed like they did n't care .
On weekdays there is a hard stop of 10:30 for breakfast , but on weekends it 's all day .
The entire staff is great , especially our server Joe .
One of the worst experiences I have had at this place , poor cut , undercooked , mushrooms were terrible tasting .
The music that they pipe in is n't too loud , and it 's really enjoyable .
As the man , the choice was left to me to pick the ice cream flavor .
We started with the oysters good enough , which were four fried oysters with bearnaise sauce and Benton 's bacon- a must get .
Loved the Chana Masala , Saag Paneer , and the salad was crisp and fresh .
The street itself is not really my cup of tea , but the other reviewers could n't be wrong about this place , so we took a chance .
I was told when I questioned it that the " manager " made him charge me that way .
A full 28 minutes later our sandwiches appeared .
Great place ! !
I ordered the chicken and biscuits .
We almost returned the next day just for dessert !
Took the parents and ladyfriend for dinner last weekend .
The entree was good , I got the duck and my wife got the fish .
So different from anything in the area - I ca n't even put into words how flavorful the chicken is ..
The spiciest wings were barely palatable , the pickle fries were mushy by the kids mess we 're relish !
All was prepared to our request and the meals were great .
Not the classiest place .
My boyfriend ordered the fish of the day , which was blackened Mahi Mahi , and he loved it .
As she placed the plates down , she said " I hope those look alright ... I've never made them before .
We all shared a taste of one of the better creme brules .
One of my favorite places to come to on a warm evening .
The staff was very friendly , only issue was we could not find hte hostess for awhile to get seated .
I did n't try the burger but it looked perfectly cooked .
Oh I did try some of my buddies pulled pork and it was really good , remembered now cause I wish I would have ordered it
i ordered the tabbouleh and hummus platter when it came imagine my surprise to find the tabbouleh was about 96 % parsley .
I do n't come to indianapolis often but I will be sure to come back here .
The hash browns were not good .
Went last night with a friend and discovered why us americans are the size we are .
Our food was delivered to our door about 10 minutes before the projected delivery time .
Every time I picked a topping , he questioned me about it .
Ca n't wait for this place to open full - time !
The room was also very clean and stocked with a Keurig , fridge and microwave .
After ordering a drink at the bar we were told to drink would be brought to us outside .
Ca n't wait to also try their pizza , as I 'm sure as everything I tried so far , it will be amazing .
I looked their way and smiled when I was standing there two feet away ordering , and nothing , from any of them .
I had the blackened catfish .
All four of us work in the hospitality industry and both guys at our table are professionally trained chefs .
I ordered the 6 oz filet and he ordered the 16 oz Delmonico - both cooked medium rare .
One of the last reservations of the night .
I ca n't speak for the locals though there were many eating around us , but a perfect stop for a meal in between touristy things .
The best part was that we brought 5 babies in here and they were still more than happy to serve us !
The ingredients all tasted super fresh , which was a bonus to me as I 'm not a fan of over processed ingredients .
We got a variety of standard rolls , which had generous portions of fresh fish .
Great location and loved how it looked .
My husband and I picked up our standard order every Friday .
Up until this point - totally fine .
A coworker and I decided to go to lunch today at a Mexican restaurant that she recommend it .
That plate was good .
It 's takeout only but slammed for a reason ! !
The side salads that came with our meals were huge and we got a very generous helping of dressing , too .
We ordered the garlic parmesan wings , the brisket and the half ribs .
Literally the best sandwich I 've ever had .
Last night we tried to get into the oldest Italian Restaurant in South Philly .
Maybe we should have known because the sample did not have a lot of shrimp so we ordered at our own risk .
I am deducting 1 star for the condition of the bathrooms on the Friday night I went ..
The salad was nice and refreshing and the burgers are delicious .
The food and service were sooo disappointing I felt compelled to join Yelp and write this review .
The highlight , though , is the meat , which the owner informed me he makes himself .
Okay so this is my favorite Mexican restaurant I 've ever been to .
The space is really small with only a few seats , so it 's better as a take out spot .
Overall , the French Onion soup , wine and the cheese plate were good , but nothing else really was too exciting !
We had the special maki roll - tuna & tobiko inside ; crab outside - delicious !
Ribeye was thin and chewy .
we had the crab cake & the salmon with pecan sweet potatoes .
The service is very friendly and food was n't bad .
The dough and sauce is a little bland .
When I got home , I saw that I 'd been given a side order of regular fries with a single packet of generic ketchup .
One of the best places on Washington Avenue to sit outside and relax .
Sides were four cheese potato Au gratin and a baked potato , plus the house salad .
The service was great from start to finish .
We got two pies for dinner : The Lasagna Pizza and a standard pepperoni & mushroom .
The meals were prepared as ordered .
Both times were great .
We waited about another 10 - 15 minutes for our drinks ( the limoncello is delicious and refreshing for summer ) .
First bite , my thought was , " I do n't taste the Cajun seasoning . "
However , their selection was very limited .
They were chewy and chalky and the only flavor that came threw was the powdered sugar .
My co - workers and I all had a hard time understanding why this hotel receives such mediocre reviews .
Everything about this place is great .
It did take the server about 10 - 15 minutes to even notice we were there , but after that service was just fine .
The burgers were cooked just right and our order of fries and onion rings were just the right amount of crisp .
They liked the crab omelet and the bananas foster
All of it was great , the meat was all tasty and tender .
The cheese was saturated with grease & slid right off of the crust .
A great choice when in town .
Everything was at least satisfactory except the cinnamon roll , which was excellent .
I d definitely come again , but probably a bit earlier in the night .
Very cool concept .
I lovelovelove this place .
Two hours later , when we left , still many open tables next to the windows .
Trip # 2 they first tried to seat us right in front of the guitar player .
Highly recommended for vegetarians and non - vegetarians alike .
I told her people do n't go on to the website to look for this info and I felt cheated .
The pancakes were amazing , bacon delicious , coffee , eggs .... heaven .
As I was eating I found a HUGE piece of Brillo pad in my food .
It is a new place , and we were instructed that most of the menu was not yet available .
And in a way I feel the same about the donuts .
But , I did n't so just trust me on this one .
Have gone to this location several times and am always impressed .
We arrived at 5:30 , planning to make a 7:30 show at the Saenger , a 5 minute walk away .
Frady 's is the real deal and stopping there will make you happy , in more ways than one !
A lady with a nose ring , she had this bizarre aloofness that we could n't understand .
The peach tea - amazing .
If the answer is " bait and switch " , then it 's a fake deal .
Whoever owns and/or manages this place is doing something right .
Definitely would n't recommend this place to anyone .
8 pieces served on the plate .
This place is definitely one of the worst Thai restaurants in St.
The biscuit was pretty sweet for my liking , but my friend enjoyed it well .
We ordered 8 things on the menu and not one was average or just satisfactory , everything was delicious .
The food is n't great .
They did n't have any forks so we had to use plastic , absurd for a business that charges for the name on the front .
Regardless , this is one of the few chipotle 's i actually enjoy .
One of the best and friendliest Chinese places to grab something tasty .
They apologized and said they would , and I thought that was the end of it .
We get there at 830 or 845 get pastries from the coffee bar and then order at 9 ...
The buttermilk drop was really crispy on the outside but I could taste the oil a bit .
A continuous line of 6 to 10 people were waiting to place their orders the whole time I was there .
Speaking of the food ....
Unfortunately , since it was late in the day some of the food items I wanted to order were sold out .
He actually said they " normally " close us when a band is here .
Our room look out to the spectacular greenhouse structure , but the commercialism of the hotel was too visible from the balcony .
The Greek lemon soup was excellent and I liked the Moussaka , although the waiter suggested the Sea Bass .
I regret not having found this place sooner .
we were definitely salivating before the food came , and ate WAY too much bread .
HUGE fan of the whipped feta- most important thing to order ! !
Its hard to find a restaurant where you have contact with the owners in every experience .
Very nice service - made me feel like an honored guest .
Do n't worry when we make this mac and cheese business pop off we 'll give u the word .
Had a great 2 night stay here .
Had the very vegan pizza and it was delicious !
The spicy tuna is so spicy you wo n't taste the tuna at all .
It was a thing of beauty that will live on in the hearts and minds of tens .
My husband and I were staying nearby and stopped here for dinner - to - go one night .
The bbq was tasty !
Finally experienced terra sur ..
The potatoes were the only thing I enjoyed .
Nothing was done to rectify the extremely small portion .
The food here really is excellent .
While we were eating the owner came out with samples of his black bean soup which he makes daily .
But not quite a total waste of time .
The mocha and wine was great too !
I"m trying not to gripe about 8 bucks , but a 45minute wait is kind of ridiculous .
The bad thing is the guy does n't wash his hands or wear gloves .
The chicken and shrimp fajita was super good .
And the Carnitas Bowl , which was probably the best thing we had .
The Coconut Crunch has pieces of dark chocolate in it and the Pistachio is absolutely delicious .
So glad to have this close to home !
My main complaint is the atmosphere -- it 's pretty dark and the decor is not very modern .
I told her an employee .
The food took forever to come out .
The restaurant is just a few minutes down the road from me so that 's another bonus .
The cole slaw was kinda bland and the beans tasted like they were out of a can .
As to the food , it 's fairly simply fare but very tasty and very well - prepared .
The soup was rich in texture and flavor .
Caution , the bloody Mary 's are spicy !
It 's a great place for people to eat , drink , chill , and people watch .
It is of course expensive but the menu is probably more flavorful than the actual food .
Seafood stew was alright .
I really loved the chicken chimichanga .
I had heard such good things so my husband and I came to dinner on a Monday night .
They also brought us a plate of bread to dip and I ended up using that instead .
The fresh mozzarella cheese was amazing .
Me and my friend was debating whether we wanted a sandwich after the meal , but it was fine .
We both had burgers .
Her name was Neisha . The food was good though .
We went to dinner on a Friday night about 6:30 .
The lambrusco that accompanied her dish was delicious .
The food arrived in almost no time !
I order the French toast with a side order of their chicken sausage .
Awesome experience as our first meal after arriving in New Orleans .
Food is served pretty quick though so it did n't seem anyone was really waiting .
The snickers chocolate cake was moist light and incredibly rich ...
All the other reviews talking about the service and management are correct .
Will never return to this Hell hole .... :
Amazing thick slices , fresh whipped cream and strawberries ... they were wonderful !
There 's a great happy hour in the bar from 3 PM until 7 PM weekdays , and from 11 AM to 3 PM on weekends .
They left the swiss cheese off the sandwich .
It had been a while since we were at Ballyhoo 's and we decided to try going with the kids ( ages 1 & 3 ) .
Parking can be a bit difficult at certain times of the day , but it 's worth a short walk if necessary .
We ordered a Cuban sandwich , the turkey & avocado sandwich and the 51st Philly cheesesteak .
Came for brunch and was n't impressed .
The French onion soup was lovely and flavorful and lots of cheese !
One of my friends had to ask for a new drink because hers was so overwhelmingly sweet .
+ Customer Service is amazing & prom ! ! !
Checked out this new place last night and I really liked it .
But the place is filthy .
I love the old building and location of this place ... that 's about all I loved .
They were out of Margarita mix and one of the owners ( I believe ) apologized later .
First off , I decided on Katie 's because I was told they had bottomless mimosas .
I see the word buffet and told him that I do n't think it is a good idea .
It came with a rabbit pate which was wonderful .
The lemon cuts were so small that I was unable to squeeze lemon juice from the lemons ...
We were finished our meals and sitting for 8 - 10 minutes when she reappeared .
We like hot wings and there were a couple things wrong .
Apparently , my brother likes fried seafood and brought us here for dinner .
Our original server finally brings my plate .
but they truly do n't compare to this place .
The salad did taste good and the ingredients seemed fresh and high quality .
It was almost $ 50 for us to eat at a fast food joint and the food was gross !
All it had on it was about 4 blackberries , arugula , two cubes of cheese , and a teaspoon of granola .
I think I also ate the atchafalaya pizza ?
To be honest this place is mediocre at best ...
They tasted like fried shrimp and were tough as well .
It 's a drive for us but I feel well worth it .
This is by far the worst experience I 've had with Hardee 's at this location .
The inside of the restaurant is very pleasant .
It 's a good look .
I applaud the change in style with the change in times .
I had the grapefruit green tea and it was so refreshing .
There are some tables inside and some outside on the dock , overlooking ocean .
I 'm just so excited about this place , I ca n't control it !
My wife and our friends each had something different and everyone enjoyed their meals .
It 's a great place to drop in for lunch , and I 've never had to wait long for a table .
Although it 's not the best ever I 've ever had , it 's pretty darn good , cheap , spotlessly clean , and close to campus .
I had the Signature and she had the Med salad with Chicken .
I got the porterhouse , and it was cooked perfectly at medium temperature .
The bacon mac and cheese was also very good .
Yats made me switch my favorite cuisine to cajun / creole !
When I made the reservation I noted that it was a special occasion and requested a good table .
The waitress said that was how the vegetables were prepared .
Orange juice was fresh and delicious !
The food was good , the service was super attentive and courteous and the space is clean and modern .
The Sashimi prices are a little high ...
We shared the octopus and calamari and appetizer which was n't the best I 've ever had , but it was cooked properly .
It was so tough you would barely cut it with a knife .
We stopped at Tako due to the positive reviews on yelp .
The best part you feel like your actually eating in the chefs kitchen .
I 'm so glad that someone recommended this place to me !
The ambiance is real chill !
This is a 5 star restaurant and no matter how you come dressed they treat you like you are a 5 star guest !
i do n't remember how we came to come here , probably a yelp search .
Did n't have a donut but they had loads of flavors and they all looked delicious .
It was n't the best I ever had , but it was not as bad as some of the other places I dealt with in the French Quarter .
Stopped in for lunch on a Sunday and got seated right away & they were showing the football games .
The first time I ate here it was n't bad , but I have been back since and was disappointed .
Once we paid we waited for about 6 - 7 minutes before our food was ready .
We decided to grab a bite to eat while we were there .
We got a watermelon and jicama salad and a crabmeat omelet .
I mean , horrible - nasty hostess , multiple service mistakes , and a pretty horrendous fiasco involving a missing wallet .
Hubby enjoyed the dog he had .
This place is competitively the best indian place around .
Outstanding experience and what a deal !
The pineapple upside donut was good .
The flavors were separate but so good together .
Thankfully it 's was a very active day and it helped me avoid the sugar crash .
The gumbos differ each week .
This one was my favorite of the two we tried .
They do take Amex which a lot of places choose not to .
I did n't get to watch the sun set so maybe that is the allure .
It was 100 degrees outside and we needed to cool off and relax after driving up from Maryland .
So disappointed ... pho broth was just ok and they really skimped out on the beef brisket .
I really enjoyed all of the fare .
We both had a Greek salad , which was prepared table side .
Very friendly service , and once they see you a few times they call out your name as soon as you walk in the door .
What a wonderful surprise .
As for lunch the gyros are awesome !
I stopped mid - step as my brain ground to a halt .
Possibly the only cheap option for a sit down dinner in the French Quarter area .
15 min later he comes back and takes the plate because the chef wanted to see it .
The only con is they do n't give you your change back , they automatically assume your going to give them all your change .
Save yourself the trouble and go next door to Panera , or Fulins , or Longhorn .
It was more batter than oyster ...
The food was great too , I had a seafood stew ( bouillabaisse , I think ) .
I got the Peter Lawford ( Petite Filet ) , and my partner got Frank Sinatra ( Shrimp Cocktail ) .
I had the baked salmon Benedict .
My wife and I stopped in for brunch , she had the omelete with cheddar cheese , bacon , pancakes and potatoes and OJ .
She replied that they were having some , " Complications " - whatever that means .
We enjoyed the petite filet Mignon sandwiches , cheese fries , and a crab , spinach and artichoke dip .
I really felt like we went to a high end restaurant !
First time here and I have to say it 's pretty good !
I have to admit , after reading several not - so - great reviews about this place , I was a little hesitant to try it .
We tried this restaurant on the recommendation of some friends and we were not disappointed !
There were PLENTY tvs all around to watch ANY football game you wanted .
This is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the country .
It 's a tasty , perfectly seasoned cut of meat .
Ledo 's crust is different , but an interesting different .
Took a while to get service , did I mention NO GROUPON ! ! !
Much love to Taj Mahal !
Meatballs were excellent .
I love eating the other half of my sandwich the next day , now that speaks volumes of a true roast beef sandwich .
RANDOMLY stumbled in here one night and was blown away ... food is so insanely good and the vibe was so neat .
Got the baked oysters ( half casino and half rockefeller ) , both were very good .
The lighting always seems oddly low , not inviting and cozy , more like " we 're saving electricity " and want to appear closed .
The bartender was pretty grumpy and not interested in any type of conversation despite the bar being pretty dead .
It 's on the mezzanine , and both times I 've been it 's been nearly deserted .
-Datiles rellenos- bacon - wrapped dates- these were the table favorite .
Wait service and wait time were on point , and we all left the restaurant satisfied and having enjoyed the experience .
The decor makes you feel like you 're at an English pub .
All in all a good experience .
Neither of these foods gave the impression of being very fresh , although the grilled vegetables were .
Rons still a regular stop for me .
The only thing that was great was the blueberry lasagna .
Odd for a brunch , but maybe gypsies do n't eat meat ?
The food was Luke warm and old or burnt was the worse I ever had .
I did like the chicken though .
I ordered a double espresso , my date a cappucino ( I know , but she was cute , so it 's okay ) .
I had seen these on one of the cooking shows but did n't know exactly what they were .
Happy hour $ .75 cent raw & $ 1.25 fried .
Everything was wonderful , just as the other reviewers said .
With a handful of fries , it was all washed down with a cold one from the inside bar .
In hindsight , I should have said something to our server regarding my burger , but I chose not to .
The food was fine ... but really 45 minutes to wait for a salad ?
It then took another 6 - 7 mins to bring our drinks , one beer and water .
My companion had Chicken Tikka and I had Malai Kofta .
Corn , sausage and potatoes are also available a la carte .
My bread was a little stale - it happens .
We wandered into Taranova 's , as we both felt that some pizza was in order .
Half of our table received their meals while the other half had to wait an extra 20 minutes .
The waitress was very good for only being on the job for 4 days .
I tried to give a fair chance to them , but was honestly disappointed .
First food poisoning of my life , i spent the night in the hospital ... i would stay clear
Everyone loved the food .
My wife and I each had a piece but ended up taking the rest home .
I ordered the Sweet Sweet Bacon Shake and was disappointed when it arrived with NO BACON & no explanation .
Girl my phone was super attentive and friendly.food arrived hot and fresh .
However , after the experience I had today , I certainly wo n't be returning .
Never been here before but knowing my fiancé 's taste in decor and my appreciation for food I selected this place .
I do n't really remember how this place got into my bookmarks .
My food was out in just a couple minutes , and it was hot , fresh , and tasty .
The next table over was raving about their bread pudding , so I 'm guessing dessert is usually a hit all around at this place .
With it was 3 different types of chutney .
These guys are awesome .
Before we finished eating we were brought our check , which destroyed any possibility of ordering more .
However , this one left me kind of confused .
Good ass place .
This seemed to chaotic and did n't have Pies home made giant meatballs .
Real sad ... I thought I 'd give it a chance and taste about everything .
It is heaven on summer days to sit ( or stand ! ) outside , enjoy a drink and everybody knows your name .
The fish was better ; flavorful , moist and flaky .
Even the deviled eggs were the best I 've personally ever had .
Chicken was hot ( temperature not spicy ) and the broccoli was cooked well .
I loved this place !
The food was delicious but I do n't recommend eating in ; it 's definitely more of a takeout place .
She was so wonderful in helping execute my wedding vision .
Yeah , its New Orleans , yeah the food is supposed to be rich and decadent ...
Some of the food was quite good but we were so stressed out by timing we did n't really enjoy it .
We heard from friends that the wait could get seriously prohibitive .
the small sprimp turned into a fat corn dog looking thing .
The crowd was upbeat and the staff were all smiles and laughter .
One star for the delivery being on time and another for following instructions in notes of my online order ...
I should have listened to the other reviews about the shitty service here .
We also had wonderful service .
There were no signs saying they had moved so I guess it 's for good :(
So what did I order , the chicken sandwich , of course .
Somebody took me to Puckett 's and told me that I was going to love the Meat and 3 !
This is a great local place with a wonderfully cozy atmosphere .
The fries were good , though .
The pork chop was cooked to perfection and the read beans were seasoned very well .
Every time we go to Reno this is the only buffet we hit .
When I asked for a new one and showed them no sorry , nothing , just replaced it !
There 's nothing totally spectacular about this restaurant , they just do a lot of things right .
which was fine by me on a Tuesday night ) .
The ingredients were fresh , customer service was polite , and all of the dishes were a good value .
I was suspicious of the quality of yet another chain restaurant , but I was pleasantly surprised by how yummy it was !
My partner and I had the worst restaurant experience ever at this newly opened Chinese restaurant in IV right by Giovannis .
We stopped by here for a quick snack before going for a tour of Eastern State Penitentiary .
We got our drinks rather fast considering the lack of wait staff .
This is one of the best seafood restaurants we 've been to in New Orleans .
I ordered some wilted spinach on the side ( mediocre ) and truffle fries .
Shishito peppers : guess that 's the new fad ... basically roasted peppers ...
The flavors all went well together and the crust was delicious as well .
An honest maitre d ' would have informed me of this during one of my phone calls explicitly requesting a window table .
However it tasted like the Rach 3 and Beethoven 's 9th all rolled up .
I not even asking for a free pizza , all I want is an apology , and I ca n't even get that .
The staff were friendly , and it seemed sincere ; they seem happy to be working there .
It pretty much tasted like hot dirty water -- not a pleasant way to wake up in the morning .
There were at least 5 other families with babies while we were there .
It was n't packed with people waiting to be seated so I sat down in a booth and ordered an ice tea while I looked at the menu .
My friends had the chicken salad , the fried bologna sandwich and a cheeseburger .
As an American , I spoke more Japanese than the entire staff combined .
Luke hits a nice balance between casual and formal , from the atmosphere to the menu to the prices .
It was just not an enjoyable drink .
It was n't seasoned and did n't taste that cheesy .
It was a Friday night and the Cards were playing so finding a parking space was insane !
Everything I have gotten has been tasty and well made , and the prices are very reasonable .
very clean establishment .
Service was great and the food was very good !
It was beyond good , cooked to perfection .
The band playing was just freaking excellent .
We 've been eagerly awaiting the opening this past week because their banner outside read : Chinese , Dim Sum , Bubble Tea !
We were definitely not leaving until after we had some dessert .
The lady taking my order had to asked me twice what I said .
It is an inviting restaurant upon arrival , really cool place to look around in as your waiting for a pick up or a seat .
Also the bathroom vanity seemed a tad bit oversized for the space .
my husband and i were recently in NOLA for four days , which included three mornings .
The food is absolutely awesome .
The only reason I did not give the last star in the rating was due to the cost of parking .
It took another table across from us to get the server 's attention to get these and forks for my kids .
We could not engage in an enjoyable conversation .
However , they brought out chairs from the back for other people to sit in that same exact spot .
Decided to take the kids there ...
The calamari was not seasoned , very plain , as was the chicken and veal parm .
We then both got the brisket ramen , because it 's what Thrillist told us to .
They are like eating little clouds .
I ca n't attest to the tacos , but my partner 's had them and thinks they 're solid , but not Lily's - level great .
The chicken was full of flavor and the peanut sauce was delicious .
The ordering system/ service has literally been different every time I have gone in .
Service is very unattentive and we had to call the waiter multiple times for coffee refil and he also overcharged our check .
Both of our dishes were around $ 10 and there were at least 2 servings in each one .
Sat outside , ordered my sandwich and was super excited .
Mac and Cheese : For a southern place it was way below par ( ... also , wait for it ..... incredibly small ) .
They were very rude about it and refused to make another one saying that what I ordered does n't have any tomato sauce !
All were awesome to Very good ( outside of the quail egg ) .
I also ordered the spicy cucumber , spiciness level was a 6 .
All tables were booked n empty upon arrival so we were shown to the bar for the performance snake oil fanfare .
The year we graduated , * ndulge closed its doors and relocated to the Philadelphia area .
Overall pleased with my experience .
We decided to order a bunch of different things , starting with the Southern Hummus and fried green tomatoes .
I 'm a server and I know from experience , even if you 're having a bad day , you do n't show it or just come right out and say it .
I 've been to Prohibition a few times since my one star review , and I 'm sad to say I 've had nothing but disappointment here .
Multiple dishes were cross off the menu , and it was only 6 pm when we got there .
Such a great start to Saturday .
She was helpful in telling us what to avoid on the menu .
Not your typical pasta salad , but I really enjoyed it !
The Prime Rib dinner honestly is the only thing I 've ordered from here .
She definitely made the experience 5 stars !
Then a very sweaty -- to be honest it was an extremely hot day -- and smelly waiter .
Turns out he 's from NJ , so it was nice to run into someone from our homeland .
Do yourself a favor and park on an adjacent street , or in one of the side parking spaces if at all possible .
Too bad the food just did n't do it .
I ca n't believe that I have n't reviewed this place yet ! ? ! ? ! ?
At any rate we did not see her again and John took over .
I went here for restaurant week because I live in the area and always pass by .
Dined there a bit ago and can only remember truly delicious things about this restaurant .
( The goat cheese quiche was unreal ! ! ) Dessert are amazing but what made this experience unforgettable was our server Kristin .
The chef literally threw a tomato at a patron that he was in an argument with over his bulls hat .
At least they could 've * pretended * they were cooking our food to order , rather than simply reheating leftovers .
( There 's even another upstairs that I barely peaked at ) .
The flavor of all our entrees and side orders was very tasty .
Great food , the lettuce wraps are incredible , service was very good , our waiter Joe B.
-FRESH CLAMS IN BROTH : this was the saving grace of the entire meal .
The bathroom is so small , when you sit down , your knees practically touch the door .
This place moved locations and when I placed a call in order the guy on the phone did n't even tell me or give me a heads up !
And the peanut butter shake was amazing .
Food was cold and tasteless .
The crust was great but it was really just a cheese pizza with pepperoncini on it .
I would call the food average Thai .
It looked wonderful but she could n't stop eating the chips , LoL.
She ordered the American burger , and was more than happy .
I really just care about the things that matter : Is it juicy ?
Thankfully , they did n't botched this dish .
Sorry , I have to say this is the poorest excuse of a restaurant ever .
Feels like every other pizza I eat is all cheese and bread .
We had the avocado fresh rolls and they tasted just ok and the peanut sauce was not great .
The bbq shrimp was great , and very filling .
I shared a deep dish and my wife and her sister shared a thin crust .
Last two times I 've gone here for dinner , it has n't been very good .
The name of the restaurant is Natural Cafe and they have messages all over the place to protect the environment .
My family is from Louisiana and the red beans & rice are almost as good as my grandma 's which is great !
We ordered off the Russian side of their menu , which is a must ! ! !
South Philly really makes me glad I live in the suburbs .
I was n't planning on ordering it anyway but someone in my group tried to .
My girlfriend ordered a fettucine special which was ok .
The staff is friendly and attentive .
We used call - ahead seating and still waited over 20 minutes to get a table .
Sometimes when it 's real busy there is even a wait for the bar .
He offered to let me try it , but I would have had to share my beans and , despite the love I have for the man , I did n't want to .
I 'm happy to say that all the favorable reviews I 've read about Yah Mon are all true !
Not really sure what all the hype is about ... wasn't overly impressed with the food .
Our group of six diners had a very uneven experience .
The burger , on the other hand , was not that great , but not that bad either .
Completely unassuming yet smashing with awesomeness .
The food was delicious between the guacamole , fresh chips , and my entree .
She had the sausage plate which consisted of three different types of sausages German potato salad and sauerkraut .
My family ordered cooked items off the menu , and they were fine .
She finally decided to talk to me and informed me that the stroller can not go by our table .
Granted , I think this is probably in part due to the pizza - holder , but cheese should never slide off a pizza that easily .
The manager and the waitesses are hairied , disorganized but friendly .
The omlet was just OK .
Restaurant itself is beautiful .
I 'm not a big ground beef fan , but my BF gets it most visits , and he said it 's the best he 's had from a Mexican restaurant .
There was n't a crumb left on any of the plates and the servings were pretty generous .
Our last day in NOLA we finally stumbled onto some actually pretty decent food .
I went to dinner at Cafe Eau earlier this week and was not impressed by the food or the service .
They had chive sour cream for you but I did n't even really have to use it because the perogies were tasty on its own .
Their prices are very reasonable ! !
My boyfriend really loves their dish called " tiger tear " .
As we were eating , the server only came once and that was to give us our bill .
Went here as a last resort and was pleasantly surprised .
I was n't a huge fan of the cornbread .
After ordering food , it was more of the same ... a long wait for food to start coming out and no one checking in on us AT ALL .
I did n't even know what Brooklyn Pizza was but this stuff is the best .
A few of us non golfer 's and complete stranger 's decided just to share a larger table .
Overall , I was very unimpressed with this place , especially considering the reviews and prices .
Menu was diverse but there are NO substitutions ! !
Pete , and the shops are it are great to check out !
I love sassafras .
Just the perfect portion that I did n't feel too stuffed afterwards .
Overall it is a good under visited spot .
It was the one with the raw oyster in it .
They 're great people .
There 's always plenty of parking and it 's a pretty convenient location .
They have a really nice set up of comfy chairs and tables with a overhang and large pretty tree for shade .
My personal favorite meal , so far , is the Smoked Meatloaf .
We had great nights sleep .
You ca n't go wrong at this place !
As someone who is both stingy and never orders appetizers , this was beyond worth it , folks .
I asked Jodie if it was too big , she assured me it was a nice , smaller portion .
We had the veggie appetizer which was great , and then we each had a pasta dish that we shared .
CON : Really ...... $5 for a small glass of OJ !
Umm why not , because the food was AWFUL !
We ordered five dishes including the appetizers and we were all full and still had some food to take home .
It was my first time here and it was pretty decent .
Once we were ready I could n't get anyone to come over for at least 15 minutes .
Wait time depending of if you want FA ( first available ) , O ( outside ) , I ( inside ) seating .
My first thought was that it was not prepared spicy , as I had ordered .
The owner seemed very reluctant to admit they may have originated at the restaurant .
Service was good and the food came out quickly , probably because there were n't a lot of people here .
Some of our favorite dishes are the crispy duck , BBQ squid , Meing cum and the Thai Salad .
Entrees are kind of plain .
The only downside , was that the service was really slow , and everything is extremely over priced .
The spaghetti was cold and the sauce too heavy for my taste .
Parking ( even on a Thursday ) was a pain but as long as you 're ok with a little walk , it 's doable .
The menu was very nice but my wife and I ordered off the specials as they were awesome !
I think I ordered almost everything on the menu , lol .
It 's the ' go - to ' place for my roommate and I.
The salad was good but the ginger dressing was a little overwhelming .
The oj came from a bottle ( saw them pouring it from a minute maid bottle ) .
My favorite place in West Chester to grab a bite and drink .
I found this drink very easy to drink because it was delicious and smooth .
The first time I came here it was for lunch .
Our big family had everything from ribs to brisket to pork sandwiches , and everything was great .
First of all , it 's so stuffed with goodies it looks like a small pipe bomb .
Marissa was our server and she was PHENOMINAL - Never hovering but always there when we needed her .
Love this restaurant ! !
My main meal was a Philly cheesesteak which tasted extremely good .
We would have left but it was late and we were out for a friend 's birthday .
That is not sunny side up .
Our server , Nicole was lovely , knowledgable and graciously unobtrusive .
Kids each had a kid 's meal ; adults each had a pizza .
But it was the crust that I did n't like .
Food was very good and service was excellent !
Also they 're not open on Sundays so you ca n't go there to watch the game .
As for the food - That 's another ( good ) story .
I want to say we waited a good 30 minutes after putting our order in .
So we sat and watched her eat , again with nothing to drink and no waiter .
The theater smelled like a convenient store ( old grease ) .
This place was exactly as advertised .
We also brought our own bottle of wine which they charged a $ 30 corkage fee .
The Bunn was a Bit too dense , & the fries were frustrating .
The chips were fresh and decent , but some were n't warm .
They are a little bit pricey but we had plenty of food so ca n't really complain too much .
Well , they are really busy tending to other customers as well as this place is really busy and popular !
To make up for the multiple mistakes , the waittress took 10 % off our total bill ( which amounted to about $ 6 off ) .
My fiance and I had the lunch " buffet " today .
Of course no one in my family has ever gone back .
A little bit of an inconvenience for me(south reno ) .
Note to self , Happy Hour Tuesday through Sunday ( I think it 's through Sunday ) 50 % off from 3 - 6 on Dine in only .
The Monkeys shared the French Toast and they were kind enough to bring it out on two plates for them .
It 's the kind of horchata that you have to keep stirring to keep it together .
The Cajun Ribeye steak was cooked to perfection .
I placed my order for that and was then told to choose from those .
The staff is so friendly that they almost all know my name .
The meal was far too overpriced for the quality of the food .
It was not hot , but was as flavorful as the chicken curry .
My favorite place to get shellfish ( besides fresh off the pier on Saturday mornings ) .
Delivery drivers do n't know their way around and ca n't seem to knock on a door .
He 's my favorite bartender in the city and I 've been to a lot of places .
He was very knowledgeable about all wine regions even trivial ones that my Dad mentioned .
We were seated quickly and had a wonderful server .
In fact , I came back later on the same day to try their apple salad and it was DELICIOUS .
It 's an interesting place to people watch and enjoy some yummy pancakes .
It 's going to be a tough choice to make now as to which Vietnamese restaurant to choose between the two .
I was introduced to this place by my boyfriend 's mother .
One of the people in the group needed to get home quickly but we had been planning on Maynard 's and figured we 'd stick with it .
Welcome to good food Doylestown and enjoy !
In fact , they were probably the biggest oysters I 've ever seen , let alone had the pleasure of slurping down into my gullet .
The staff was great and very pleasant .
It was extremely busy , but we did n't have to wait long at all for our meals .
The cases are lined with treats that are as wonderful to look at as they are to eat .
For the amount of money you pay this was a terrible experience !
They were friendly , informative , suggested what yumminess to order on the menu !
Maybe it 's cause I came on mothers day but the food was a nut pricy but very good .
The quality and service here are excellent .
Unwelcoming and cold is putting it lightly .
Got the water and wine glasses and 8:15 .
As soon as we were released for lunch , I made a beeline here .
the pancakes were in - credible .
The manager was running drinks and food , too .
I was a repeat customer with a very large order And she even threw in a few extras to show her gratitude .
The bar / restaurant area was modern and clean .
I really liked it the sausages in the rice were yum andouille .
There are various dark wood tables inside and other tables outside .
My opinion : best all around Mexican BBQ in Goleta- better than Chicken Ranch , MUCH better than Pollofino .
I am short on words today , so I will just say this : The deep dish pizza is awesome .
Overall a pleasant experience .
It 's like a really good rich smoothie in a bowl .
Only knock I have is that they do n't take discover .
We did go on a Tuesday night so perhaps it 's better on the weekends ?
We went on a Thursday night thinking around 6:30 pm thinking that we would beat the rush , we were wrong .
I tried covering them up with the bbq sauces however even those were strange tasting .
Very attentive servers , we went on an afternoon and they were extremely welcoming to our small kid .
The food and portions were ok , and the dessert was something different than the average places .
The whole dish was literally this pasta swimming in sauce .
But this entire visit was completely fumbled by the staff here , and I was ready to leave almost as soon as we sat down .
In short , this place is not terrible , but I wo n't be going back any time soon .
My neighbor brought me the best cherry cheese stolen from here today .
Service is friendly and attentive .
I made a reservation at Muriel 's for myself and three friends , after reading the glowing reviews .
I called in an order for delivery , and was greeted by a delightful lady .
Once you walk in , you can smell the pastries and sugar , which is a good sign of how fresh everything is .
The accents tell you you;re not in Kansas , but the hospitality is sans atty - tude .
The sauce was rich and creamy and had pieces of ginger in it .
The tri - tip was quite dry , and it was literally just the meat on bread , big bread .
Our server seemed too busy to explain to us anything on the menu or any beer we might want to try .
The white BBQ sauce was tasty as well as the blueberry habanero .
The bar tender was great and steered us to some great eats .
There 's no tabbouleh , only one option for hummus ( as a side ) no felafel , the spanikopita comes with chicken too -- odd .
I had the big breakfast which was awesome the grade of the food is superb .
I like to support local businesses , but this was an unpleasant dining experience .
Price : the coffee is pricy , $ 6 , so not a regular coffee stop for me , but for # treatyoself it 's the way to go .
I ended up liking my husband 's Salsiccia a little more .
Service was great too - thank Jill !
For most of us , it was baby goat .
Everyone else 's meal was served warm or hot , so mine must have been prepared an hour or so before everyone else 's .
I had two non - alcoholic beers , a coffee and a shot of Sambucca , Miss had two glasses of white wine and a coffee .
He pulled the table out for some of us to slide in and he walked away !
Clearly , they want you to buy fancy water or wine as the iced tea they served was a crappy mix .
This was far more than minor PDA , it was almost vulgar in a soft - porn type of style .
I was impressed how comfortable the seating area is despite being on a busy road .
The location is great -- at the end of a pier overlooking the Pacific .
This place is super unprofessional .
They are very friendly and smiling all the time .
First we shared a Blossom Onion ( delicious ) .
The menu is quite large here and fortunately most things I 've eaten from Nirvana have been on the tasty side .
Service was quick and our server was pleasant .
This place is like a fancy Subway .
The menu was n't very extensive but I did n't mind .
Service is pleasant , efficient and accommodating .
I 've grown up eating my dad 's Ecuadorian ceviche , which is different than Peruvian ceviche .
They sent the item but it was so well done I could n't even eat it .
Our group of 4 decided to grab a bite here around 9 pm on a recent weeknight .
thousand island sauce adds to the extra fattiness .
The food is delicious and they have an awesome happy hour .
What mattered most was the food was so good .
We ordered a mimosa off the list and hung out .
We have one more day left here and we 're already talking about making this a stop before we leave .
The server put the calamari in as an appetizer even after i told her it was my daughter 's diner .
Honestly if you eat one thing in NOLA it had to be Mr B 's BBQ shrimp ! ! ! !
He was attentive , friendly , and very deserving of the generous tip he received .
The converted church also amazing ... love the settings .
For me personally , Capitol Cellars was the best meal I had .
Service was a bit drab ...
I was not interested in sitting at the counter and there were plenty of seats and no one at the door .
1 ) You took over the Chumley 's location which used to have 50 ?
The asada was a bit better in that it was n't just fat .
I ended up canceling my order .
I stop by this place every year when I visit Indy .
even on a non - Quizzo night .
We came for dinner but walked through the bar to our table .
We sat at that table and waited for someone to stop by and at least bring us some waters .
The live music was nice and the atmosphere was okay .
The bright " bar " sign really helped !
The shrimp are huge too .
Something was very off about their alleged " Vietnamese Ice Coffee " which actually made me physically ill after my first sip .
The service was really great -- the waiter was really helpful in helping us pick out beers / cocktails ( try the sangria ! ) .
Every single thing from the drinks to pickles to burgers are amazing !
My husband got the avocado toast .
This is a great place .
Thanks for the great time guys .
Their challah french toast was to die for ! ! !
Jordan was waiting the tables and OMG , the guy is on it and super friendly .
She was thorough and patient despite me calling late - evening .
I liked this place .
All those in my group order a sandwich for lunch and they all looked good and it was confirmed that they tasted good .
everyone at the table had a superb meal .
They give you a pen and paper to write down your order and we ordered 2 items using the menu number .
Every bite was delicious , beautifully presented , and reasonably priced as downtown prices go .
We had them cater our wedding rehearsal dinner .
My parents used to love this place around 15 years ago and they had n't been back since .
The other big french bread bakery in the city .
On a typical dinner night out with my wife ( even on odd weekdays ) , it has taken us over 2 hours to get out of there .
The price was $ 26.95 plus tax and tip ( alcohol not included ) was was well worth it .
The design is super cute !
The other servers I had gotten bad service from still work there as I saw a few of them walking around .
This we one of the worst experiences I have ever had with a Hilton brand .
We always have the same server , and he is super sweet and attentive , even when he 's the only one there !
They do not have free parking , so we just paid meter on the street .
My date had eggplant park and said it was delicious .
I went back and had the regular pizza and it was also very good .
Staff is friendly and attentitve and prices are great .
We went on a Sunday about 2:00pm and were seated right away and service was OK .
The 90 miles round trip was worth it !
I 'll go with her assessment as she is from the South and so am a transplant .
The touch of honey in the feta on the slices of pita bread were a nice touch and that chorizo gnocchi was tasty and filling .
The tapas were good .
The Caesar salad I received with it was just an average caesar nothing to talk about .
My boyfriend had the gnocchi , which he also said was delicious .
As one dish was placed in front of us , another was seamlessly removed .
The caramelo was ok , but the big winner for me was the carne asada tacos .
Real cutlery and glasses ( no plastic ! ) and ceramic plates .
I gave her my po boy order and she did n't put it in .
I had the fried shrimp , and enjoyed it very much ; it was not greasy or heavy , and the shrimp was moist and tasty .
This was a great place for lunch , food was delicious and prices were very reasonable .
Did n't feel like cooking so i ordered the crabs from uber eats .
I went to the grand opening and was fortunate to get there just before the lunch rush .
Manager gal was super rude .
The best BBQ I have ever had ... and in the South that 's a bold statement !
We had Aly as our waitress and she was great !
The soft opening was anything but !
We looked at the Noble menu around the corner , but I told my friend that I was not in the mood for $ 30 entrees .
It was the first time of me being at a Korean BBQ place .
This is by far my worst experience dining in NOLA .
All I know is it tastes like gravy , and it 's delicious .
I went with the almond maple syrup and oat milk , it tasted Amazing !
We asked our waitress for the check and then she disappeared for 20 minutes .
Would come again and highly recommend this place !
I 'm also crossing my fingers that there will be a duffin or brookie waiting for me .
Sweet potato fries were an unexpected surprise that were delectable as well .
The food here was good .
I had the sirloin .
Do you want to just get your check ? "
The girl at the window handed me the coffee , which was loaded with sugar .
It had all the goodies -jello , flan , ice cream , shred ice , sweet beans , sweet condensed milk etc .
It was crowded but my service was still nice and genuine and the food not only looked pretty but tasted sooooo good too !
These were the best cocktails we had in all of our stay in NOLA , hands down - and the pork belly dish is absolutely to die for .
After enduring the stinky walk into the cafe , you dine and then are forced to return through the stink back to your car .
I am not a burger person but the sliders they had out were presented well , looked great and boy was it good !
Nice little place .
The cost is so fair it 's a crime !
Also we waited for ridiculous 45 minutes for our food to come out .
My favorite Hostess in the world found a table for us eventually .
She 's pretty picky about it of course , she 's been used to the main 3 places up there that do it a little differently .
The food was ok but everything was way too salty .
The tourists go to Loveless , the locals go to Barbara 's .
I like this place , however , a friend once told me the wings were better than the Ale 's , skip on those ... NOT EVEN CLOSE .
I got a corn dog and fries and I was not disappointed .
This is a great place to enjoy live entertainment along with beautiful views and of course very good food .
Each time and shift , the manager has been dismissive and the waiter or waitress has been over - worked .
Now I am not a pesto fan ( I know , very strange ) but it works great here !
The food is very good quality and so convenient .
No signs and could have seen 2 for free in the street !
The filet however was n't the best piece of meat , even with the truffle butter .
Biloxi is a drive up the highway , but I 'd rather go there than EVER returning here .
He seemed annoyed that I was interrupting him making sushi for other people , and clearly was a big fan of rules .
Great lil place that is a hidden gem .
There were a couple guys playing jazz music while everyone ate , which was nice , but maybe almost a tad too loud ..
Actually did a search for " empanadas " in the Reno area and this restaurant came up .
Nothing to phone home about but it was good .
We also had Cole slaw and it tasted like a pile of poor quality cabbage .
Very impressed with everything about this restaurant .
We declined and made the decision to never waste our money at this dump again .
After searching for the best beignets in New Orleans , we finally found it at Morning Call .
It was savory and spicy even with the mild seasoning and I like spice .
The employees are very friendly and pleasant
This place is so neat and usually busy .
Service is n't fast , and that 's ok as that 's not why I eat there .
Was really looking forward to this meal .
I ordered the fish tacos and it took about 30 minutes to get them .
Early on , we spoke at length with one of the founders , Andrey ( an advanced sommelier ) who gave us some of their history .
Tasted like rubber on bitter cabbage with a squeeze of lemon ... and the worst of it was that it was $ 18.95 .
That said , la Tavola is still below what I feel should be an average experience .
The tortillas were super fresh , the portions generous , and the fixings more than adequate .
It 's comfort food , very well done .
If you 're worried about the jalapeño aioli , it 's not ridiculously spicy .
Sure it 's Italian , " mangia mangia " , so you do n't need to wait for others but the we usually do so food gets cold .
I 'm not a fan of calamari , and I would never order them .
The buffet is very good , but the special orders , fresh from the kitchen , are the bomb !
Even with the infamous " nacho chicken wing " situation , we always spend alot of our Nashville time here ! !
I 've never seen anyone get so excited about food and discuss the ingredients in such detail with so much passion .
The place was empty at first so it 's not like they sold out .
I found their chicken to be dry and a bit tasteless .
You feel a bit rushed ... but I do n't mind so much since they sat me quickly and brought out the food in record - breaking time .
This particular Olive Garden is in a great location and is always busy .
My husband got the buffet and I got the chicken kabobs and garlic Naan .
The salmon eggs Benedict were also very good , the eggs were poached perfectly .
Awesome place to watch football .
I like the Schlafly family , their products , each restaurant , and their presence in the St.
The worst place to get food delivered from .
There was no host at the stand , and I was n't sure if I should seat myself .
The salsa bar was pretty good ... when they say hot , they mean it !
The salmon was cooked to perfection and the sauce that it was glazed in was just right .
The last time we came here we really did n't bring our appetites .
Same with the creamer .
When other places just look you straight in the eye with a sagging face and say no we do n't do that .
On top of that , the food is mediocre at best .
The bread was not warm .
Banzai roll was great and unique .
I went to this place on a business trip so I did n't really have to worry about the bill ... which only made this place better !
I was impressed with the size of the menu .
It 's one of those loud , fun atmospheres with a patio and an upstairs dining area that is huge ! ! !
We ordered and the food took a fair amount of time , understandable because of such a large party .
At the end of the meal they gave us free Saki and ice cream for dessert .
Everything is so slow with just 1 sushi chef and 1 waitress during the rush hour ( between 6 pm to 8 pm ) .
It 's a quaint little outdoor area that ca n't be missed .
I loved the decor and layout !
Admittedly , I 'm not a huge fan of Italian food .
We shared the appetizer sampler with the 3 cups of gumbo , jambalaya , and crawfish etouffe .
Pretty standard as far as hotel beach resorts go -clean rooms , fairly large ( 2 queen beds and a couch / sitting area ) .
We came on Sunday but it was relatively busy- downstairs was full but upstairs not so much .
I picked up a pack of beef franks and one of beef summer sausage .
We had trouble getting situated at our high table and his grandparents had an ever harder time .
The rooms are very clean and modern .
That evening , my stomach just hurt a little bit .
I ordered a sangria and it was good , although it was n't very sweet , which is my preference .
We got there a few minutes early and enjoyed an amazing Moscow Mule at the bar .
We were too stuffed to have dessert even though our friend recommended this as the highlight of the restaurant .
The pulpo ( octopus ) had a nice texture to it , definitely chewy but not to the point where your jaw gets tired from it .
Funny thing is that one of the people eating at the bar had the same exact plastic container for to go food that I had .
The pool is very tiny .
It is just the most damn mellow drink there is .
The waitress has been very attentive both times that I 've been there .
We 've had Neapolitan pizza in Naples Italy -- Capofitto does n't make it any differently .
We 're talking serious bottle list and 6 - 7 drafts ! !
Have visited twice , and those visits were months apart .
I did n't ask if it is a byo place .
We had a delicious special of the day which was this Asian tofu dish !
Ordered the pad Thai and was pleasantly surprised by how good it was .
It was not the best brinner ever , nor was it the worst .
As usual we got vegetarians # 5 and # 8 to split .
Decor and patio area are wonderfully and comfortably laid out .
My experience was not a positive one .
5 stars for him but 4 stars for the overall experience .
She never offered to refill our drinks , she seemed more concerned with playing with her cell phone .
I had firehouse grilled cheese .
Our waiter was friendly but unable to make any suggestions about the menu when asked .
A very neat fact is that they sent empty bottles all over the world and asked them to send it back with local water .
After having a bite , I was blown away .
Be warned , it 's not a good place for big groups because it 's pretty small and the wait for 6 was about 45 mins around 12:45pm .
Either way , I was n't thrilled about finishing my second serving of wings .
we eat two plates of bread while waiting for our food .
It 's completely baked but served at room temperate so it gives off the feeling that it 's being served " cold " .
It 's a shame because the food has been amongst the best .
I had the pick three ; Crawfish Casserole , Gumbo and Jambalaya .
Even though she is a Met fan we wo n't hold that against her .
The service was excellent- warm , welcoming , and prompt .
It was late , and I was in a hurry so I did n't take time to inquire .
While it was a nice break from the pricier , less healthy fares of the market , I found the food to be bland .
The scenery in atmosphere is gorgeous !
This restaurant was pretty good ; i 'll admit it !
Not only was the replacement out almost immediately , but he did n't pay for a single thing that he ordered .
We recently moved from Brooklyn , NY and have been in search of some really good pizza ... and here it is !
We got salsa and that was homemade and it was delicious !
Very friendly people and we were promptly seated for our 7 pm reservation .
The decor is inviting and clean .
We got our drinks ( mediocre mojitos ) and immediately were served our appetizers , which made it hard to enjoy our drinks .
Pappardelle pasta was very flavorful !
The waitress was super sweet also .
The crawfish etoufee was rubbery with a strong unpleasant aftertaste .
I asked why it was n't ready yet as it had been double the time they said and was told it was on the way .
Thanks for the food and great service .
The shrimp po boy I ate today was fantastic .
Not at döner shop you have n't - they do n't sell gyros !
Looks can be deceiving .
Needless to say , I did n't go in that day ) Finally , the stars aligned and I was able to eat here .
Short rib tacos omg delicious truly my fav ! ! !
Upon walking in the market , nobody greets you , and nobody seems to care you 're there .
First time visit today , it was pleasant and the food was remarkable .
last weekend my wife and I took my .
The waiter could have cared less about our table .
My son had the country fried steak and eggs .
If you insist on staying on Bourbon Street ( as we did for my bachelor party ) , this is a great option .
The guacamole is nothing special .
I had the pork chop unfortunately it was cooked to a med rare .
Maybe there were but I did n't see them on the menu .
It is a very nice room .
It 's conveniently near campus and sometimes you need some egg rolls to get you through finals , right ?
I ordered the princess breakfast sandwich with a poached egg and a Bloody Mary .
The appetizers we had were Potato Samosas with a delicious tamarind chutney and a biting fresh cilantro chutney .
It was such a good spot for a wedding dinner .
The prices were super reasonable and cheap in my opinion , my boyfriend and I both ate and were full for $ 18 .
What a nice find .
The pulled chicken was good , but also a little over salted .
stay away from the"Pond " go here instead
I was there for a meeting with 4 other people and everyone raved about the lunch choices .
Than she recommended us Guac+chips , crab fondue , and cheesesteak eggrolls(yum ! )
The grilled lamb and chicken entrees are the only non seafood items , but they 're fantastic .
The door even has s sense of humor .
You wo n't find that type of steak at any Morton 's , Burn 's or The Palm .
But no big deal , some people do n't give an F.
I am a fan of Maru 's savory ping pong - ball - sized pancakes , filled with pickled red ginger , scallions and octopus .
The drinks came immediately .
I got the seafood tofu and there was like 2 shrimps and 2 clams in the entire soup .
We 've had mostly great experiences in the past here , but we went again recently and were pretty disappointed .
Everything was delicious and the service was excellent .
Regardless , the food is really overprice , the portion are ridiculous and the taste from plain to ok .
Being a Saturday night during March Madness the service was a bit slow .
The mint julep was so strong !
My friend was visiting from out of town and he ordered the beef taco and chicken fajitas and thought they were pretty average .
The bun was almost buttery nearly melting in my mouth and has the perfect temperature all WARM ! ! !
Carl , our server , kept things lively and entertaining without being obnoxious .
We really liked this place a lot and will definitely be visiting again .
Taste of the basil fried rice and chicken was good .
I stayed at the Blake Hotel that is connected to this restaurant .
The Grand Hyatt in Tampa Bay is one of the best resort experiences my wife and i have had in awhile .
I forgot the drink she recommended , but they were super good .
This place was on my list for all of the great reviews .
My friends thoroughly enjoyed their maple bacon and croissant sandwiches as well .
The miso soup came out pretty quickly but it just was n't great .
The service SUCKS ! ! ! !
The place is small but the atmosphere was fun .
The immediate reaction upon entering is super cool !
These was a wait of 40 min for a walk in but it was cool since Cycle Brewing was right across the street :) .
Now to the main courses ..... I will throw out everything I know to be true about vegetables ...
The first time I went I had the burger no bun with the truffle fries , oh my !
When the order came , needless to say , it looked nothing like the mouth - watering picture featured on the menu .
The restaurant was mostly vacant and our 20 person party was placed in the back .
The omelette is fluffy and not overcooked , which I appreciate .
My roommates both got the chicken tikka .
All of us really enjoyed the pizzas of our choosing .
It was quite dry and made her meal less satisfying .
My belly was so warm and happy after one bite of his roast beef .
The kids tacos were supposed to be soft shell and came out hard shelled and the meat was cold and dry .
I go here often because it is close , all the employees are very friendly and they always pet my dog .
We had the fried pickles for an appetizer ( delicious !
Just ordered a pizza from The Spot last night .
I particularly liked their taco salad !
SHe checked on us once and then disappeared the rest of the time .
And they did n't even have tacos on the menu !
Overall , I 'd say it was overpriced for the quality and quantity received .
I 'll give them kudos for having the order correct the last couple of times , that led me in to a false sense of security .
* * ps the bathrooms are great - the fragrance used in there is a wonderful attention to detail .
The pear margarita was good .
Then , the last two times I 've come they get my orders wrong .
The concierge at our hotel recommended this restaurant for a " health - food " type of breakfast per my request .
We got the Friday chicken breakfast sandwich and the pork belly breakfast taco .
Whatever , no matter the weather , you DEFINITELY want to try this place .... it is HEAVENLY !
Any special requests we had , it was always done without any issues .
The wait staff was also accommodating .
Go for brunch- the bloody Mary is so tasty and by itself is worth the trip .
Very polite people if their were 50 stars i would rate it 50 .
He ordered the burger , which the server notified us was one of the top 5 burgers in the US .
I recently returned to this restaurant , as promised , after hearing some good things .
The server simply did not favor us with any helpful thoughts on the subject .
It had been 11 years since I 'd returned , I ca n't say the quality had diminished much .
We did not get a fries .
So I 'm wanting what I believe will be the best compliment to the bread added inside that wo n't overstuff me .
The visit hit the spot and was very typical of the experience I 've had at several other KFC 's .
The bread was n't too doughy .
The service -- from the hosts to the wait staff -- is top notch .
Great name too since I 'm from San Jose , CA .
Oh , and the caipirinha I had was delish too .
I was introduced to Pho 36 by my co - workers after I first arrived to the area and have got to say that I will be coming back .
We have been here several times and the serve was so so ....
Thoroughly enjoyed the grilled corn , grilled asparagus , shishito peppers , and the fried chicken .
Probably would n't come back but maybe it 's due to us coming when they had just opened for the day ?
It all changed a few weeks ago , however .
For my main course , I had the seafood au gratin , which was extremely rich ( and very tasty ) .
In general he could n't be bothered to interact with us , let alone do it with any hospitality .
It had to be one of the tastiest , succulent , good to the bone chicken dishes I 've ever had .
Prices are very reasonable and the food that we had was very good .
I use to like this place and sooo disappointed that it 's gone downhill so much ..
Loved the pecan coffee .
Came for the first time today with family and Bailey was excellent , she was friendly and attentive and THE FOOD was incredible .
But the bartender seemed put out by every request we made .
Only reason it did n't get 5 stars was that it took a while for someone to come and ask what we wanted to drink .
The rolls were light and fluffy , and the cornbread was a little dense but had great flavor .
My mouth is watering just thinking about their Margarita cake and vanilla bean lemonade ...
I had the pot roast Po - boy and it was delicious !
The waffles are a nice treat .
This is one of my favorite places !
Splurged and also enjoyed an iced Thai tea and the coconut custard .
Locals recommended this place to me - and I see why .
They did n't bring syrup with the pancakes .
I purchased a volcano Burger it was excellent .
So it 's a great place to go for chicken soup , and I heard the queso fundido is pretty darn good as well .
15 minutes after we ordered , we received the smallest 13 dollar cheesesteak I could even imagine .
The toppings and sauces were great ..
2 ) Horrible music on the speakers .
The lunch buffet looked promising , too , and is only $ 9.95 on weekdays , $ 10.95 on wknds .
I 'd been here before , when it was blue sea , so I thought it would be similar as before .
I ordered the Poke bowl with salmon , tuna , cucumber , jalapeno , sesame seeds and seaweed flakes .
It was a very generous portion and well worth the money .
I ordered the beignets which are only available on Monday , Wednesday , and Friday .
We went early Saturday morning .
That said , the food was very good .
Went to have lunch and place had nice ambiance and service was very good and friendly .
Plus we got to meet Sabrina herself who made us feel like old friends .
Lamb chops excellent ! !
Plus all the tables were dirty and no one seemed to really be working .
( But seriously , order more tofu .
Though I have never been to a real English pub , this feels authentic .
Katie then retrieved two sides of ketchup for us .
I told him yes because A that 's how this works and B ice cream is always a good idea .
But you really ca n't go wrong with this place , either .
We had an order of king crab legs which were great !
My friend described it as the worst mexican food he 's ever had , and I 'm not sure I can disagree .
( I still would 've rather had cooked potatoes but seriously classy save , Delicia . ) I 'll return .
It is SO LOUD when there are many people there .
My shrimp po boy was awesome , but my sister said her alligator po boy was just okay .
I hate waiting for a check or to order , but I 've only had one bad day since we 've been coming here .
The people there are really cool and even the small size is a fair portion .
Food : We started off with the queso fundido con chorizo , which was perfect to share .
For starters , we ordered the pickled red and golden beets along with turnips and black kale from their pickled section .
Shita , is half - owner , server , and chef , all - in - one .
They did not attempt to deliver , and had no intention of doing so .
I come here every once in awhile , and am always overwhelmed by their selection .
The popcorn was so incredibly delicious seasoned perfectly with cayenne and paprika type spices .
I bought a tiny baguette that is the freshest and tastiest bread I have ever eaten .
The service was good , drinks served promptly and wait staff explained everything we had questions about .
I 'm certain our server ( two days in a row ) was Jillian .
The drinks were cold and strong .
The waitress was very nice and really understood the menu .
Food was very good .
We were able to find a spot soon after coming in .
Normally i do n't eat lamb .
But the service was prompt and friendly .
Since there were four of us and we were happy to share , we were able to taste about 20 different dishes .
It definitely lived up to its expectations considering the huge group we had and the large quantities of alcohol we consumed .
An ok place .
When I 'm stuck on a decision , I ask our server what they typically order whether it be app , entree , dessert , or drink .
Service was friendly , attentive but somewhat pokey , but after reading some reviews , we expected that and it was not a problem .
Award winning ! !
The spring rolls are HUGE .
We took her advice and was not disappointed with the Jerk grilled swordfish .
John then made excuses and asked if I wanted a cupcake ..
It was n't an I - want - to - eat - myself - to - death experience like you 'll get at Hattie 's or Prince 's , but it was decent .
We were a party of two , they served us with one plate , " family style " .
This is the best of the Schnucks in the city itself , although I have to admit that the bar is pretty low right there .
The music was great .
She came back and delivered everyones drinks .
This place is great , I really did n't want to love it bc I 'm such a fan of green goddess .
I had the cheesesteak and fries .
To top off our experience our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu , friendly , and extremely attentive .
Overall , the food was good but it was n't amazing .
We had such a lovely lunch for our family and friends .
Honestly have n't left a place more disappointed in my life .
My wife had an omelette with onions and American cheese which was very good ( again I liked her order better than mine lol ) .
The Pappas bravas and quesadillas are amazing as well .
Definitely a must when going through New Orleans ! !
The Riviera Mansion is the most beautiful location for weddings ; it has such a unique and totally Santa Barbara feel .
They scrambled to get us the right dishes .
Very nice place .
Sometimes it 's good , sometimes it 's bad - depending on your server .
I asked for no cilantro but it was on there .
He NEVER offered a refill .
- food came out but we were n't asked what condiments we wanted nor were we provided any eating utensils .
My husband and I have n't actually ordered entrees yet .
We shared a salad with beets , arugula and chevre with pine nuts and a balalmic dressing , wonderful ! !
What else is there to say , run over and grab a sandwich as soon as you can .
I 'm hoping it was just a bad day or a new person , because I was really disappointed .
We tried a bunch of their wings .
12 for $ 3.95 great price and $ 3 beers .
It 's the closest I have had to the real deal in Germany .
There is pleanty of space in the parking lot to make it easy to get around . A great feature about this Wawa is the free air !
Sometimes the service is friendly , sometimes it 's a bit rude .
Overall a good or okay experience .
I was hoping this place was going to be better than it was because the atmosphere is fun .
I 'm disappointed they were one of my favorite places but I will not order from them again .
That is a health hazard under - cooking poultry !
We ran in for a late night dinner last night .
What got me was the lack of a selection for nigiri ( i.e.
I 'd rather eat at Taco Bell even if i had to pay the same ridiculous prices they have at Las Tortugas .
or just bring me a big vat and I 'll bathe in it ! !
The location is a little strange being attached to a 7/11 , but with food this good it really does n't matter .
This location is not someplace we 'll likely return to .
The first time I went here I had the Ziggy burger and it was n't bad , but was so messy that it just fell apart everywhere .
Would n't take friends to .
first place i ate at in Indy during my first visit to the city , back in 2008 .
The coleslaw was a little too creamy for my taste , but overall , everything was spot on .
Ca n't wait to be back in a warmer weather so I can sit in their terrace upstairs ..
I had the duck omelete , which was greasy and the waiter also misplaced my toast side order for french fries .
This is great place to eat .
I 'll be back no doubt , Things other people got also looked tasty .
I have neighbors who swore to me this was the best pizza I ever tasted .
Took only 55 minutes for our appetizer and food to show up at the same time .
Owner Adam is amazing and makes the atmosphere very welcoming !
We were trying to find a good place and found out that this was # 2 on the list for Baja fish taco 's .
We had ceviche , it was ok , the texture was n't great .
We waited some time for the food as it is made to order and it was so good !
I told the barista that the drink looked beautiful from the design she made on top and got zero response .
The service is consistently friendly and attentive .
My kitty and I love this sushi place ! !
It was served drenched in a soggy brown liquid that was really too salty to even eat .
I used to go here for breakfast often when we lived in Tucson .
We wanted to sit but the place was packed so we ordered food and ate while standing up .
After driving pass all the seafood restaurants around Clearwater Beach , I knew wanted seafood right there and then .
They never refilled our drinks , and I just saw them sitting around doing nothing .
The lunch buffet is a decent deal .
It was dry and closer to how my grandmum likes to boil everything .
FYI , I 've learned that the tip jar goes to men , not the girls at the counter .
I 'm a donut fan and these are a hit or miss .
This is our favorite Italian restaurant by far .
The breading is thin and crisp , which I appreciate .
We ordered the hot appetizer sampler , the gyro platter and the pasta Athena .
I did n't think I wanted an entire 18 - ounce boneless , so he suggested we split it .
We love Danielle - always a comfort eating here .
The chicken was also very good - got the dry rub Za'atar which was excellent .
The downside is the layout inside -- it is cramped and narrow .
I 've heard nothing but good things but I was n't impressed by the food at all .
I was a bit disappointed , though , that it was served with just a few unremarkable potatoes as the garnish .
The fries and the homemade sauces were also delicious .
The courtyard was lovely though and the staff courteous .
Exactly as bougie and casual at the same time as you need it to be .
The brick chicken was cooked perfectly .
The outside of the building and interior are nothing special , but do n't let that throw you off .
Not only was the food excellent , it was within walking distance from my hotel !
The clubhouse was nice as well .
I also tried the taco al pastor and it was great .
I had the deep dish , and damn it was good .
None the less , it did not impact the quality of the food and were missteps that I can and will overlook .
Waitress Ashley apologized for the new menu but then walked away when I said we were going to leave .
I added 3 or 4 soy sauce packets to it and it was still tasteless .
The setting is peaceful , warm , and welcoming .
While the server and manager both tried to make it right , my stomach was turned by then .
Both were pretty good , though I think the red velvet pancakes were a bit sweet .
We tried the Peanut butter pizza cookie and the Oreo cookies , and both were perfection .
Liked the sauces as well .
Our waiter was great , though , and super helpful .
The utensils is wrap on the cheapest disposable napkins ...
Other than that its typically been a great experience .
If you have never been here then you do not know what you are missing and should get in you car and drive there .
The pizza is very fresh and crispy .
Went there since someone recommended the bakery .
It would be great to have Moe be more mindful of cleaning underneath , as well as on top .
The fish & chips and grilled fish tacos were great , very fresh , no fishy taste whatsoever .
We 've been going here for years but over the last 6 months its been a downhill slide .
The only complaint would be that the seats tend to be dirty especially because this place is kid friendly .
My wife and I were running a few minutes late because our 1 year old needed to be changed right as we left the house .
Really good food ! !
This is a great place to stop and get breakfast .
If you have n't been to Farmhaus yet , run do n't walk .... this is the best restaurant in St.
Update : we came back for dinner and the burger will change your life ! !
The curry noodle is kinda salty , but I recommend the vege fried rice , it is really good .
Very large portion , should have shared it but good news , took half home and ate it for lunch the next day !
Luckily a very nice couple held our spot while we stopped into Johnny Rockets .
On our second visit we got a little unlucky .
I should put a disclaimer that I hate Ybor .
The food took a long time to come out and our main dishes came out at different times .
Many of my friends ordered burgers as well and were extremely satisfied .
Ya right way to good ! !
Over all though , we love this place .
I had the panini Reuben .
Sad because the concept is a good one .
The service was very friendly all the way through .
I took a few friends out for a celebratory dinner .
The picturesque street is an ideal location for this intimate space .
It has become my most constant breakfast companion , and often my lunch date , as well .
Overall this is a great place .
Alex went back to brew brothers and was like " I know it 's in there . "
Soo I had the royal treatment of being the only customer , Sad I had to take the food to go ..
Piled on top of your coconut rice , it 's simply divine .
The tapas were good , especially the noodles .
Dining in has been the worst experience i ve had .
The waitress suggested the Cuban sandwich so I decided to try it and I really enjoyed it .
It 's clean , has a rustic type of feel , and almost feels " home - y " .
The hostess / waitress was friendly .
Our favorite item off the menu was fried Brussels sprouts ...
The review did n't do it justice .
Pizza from order to eating was seriously 7 minutes !
Give it a try and I guarantee you wo n't be disappointed .
The rooms are nicely decorated , the beds are comfortable and if you can get a view of the pool / mountains ...
And not only was the kitchen open but the menu options were great !
I think most of the complaints were in the interior decor and the food .
I do n't think I 'd take a chance on going back though .
The food was okay and probably would have been better if we had been treated better .
They were dry and the bottom bun was n't a full bottom bun .
Took the youth group out for a fun night .. definitely wo n't return .
The very next time I land in St Pete I know right where I 'm headed , and you should too if you know what 's good for you .
STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS ! !
Our four sides : cornbread , Mac and cheese , fried potatoes , and greens .
Do n't open unless your ready to open , and obviously this place is n't ready !
I ordered " The Burger " and my girlfriend had the Filet Mignon .
When I asked to speak to the manager I was told he was cooking in the kitchen .
The manager was really friendly and accommodating and talking my friend into trying the icecream .
4 ) The food taste and quality is good .
Also the rigatoni vodka , wild mushroom risotto , the seafood fra diavolo , and the baked parmesan tilapia .
But the meat ( forgot whether it 's prime rib or tritip ) was super dry and hard to chew .
I ordered corned beef hash and was very disappointed .
Gio 's is towards the back of the set of strip stores anchored by Marshalls just north of Waters .
FOOD : I almost did n't want to come here because I remember people saying they charged you for soda refills .
My g / friend sat next to me with food from another vendor .
It 's quite an experience and the food is amazing .
Everything we tried was so full of flavor .
Hands down , one of the better Mediterranean places we 've been .
Do n't like the decoration .
Large windows made it feel quite open and as the night went on , the dark interior gave it a very trendy atmosphere .
" It was totally worth it , " he later told me , " Because I got to have the best sandwich of my entire life . "
I honestly do n't know how people can eat the food here .
Our waiter never checked us .
Upon heading up the stairs , there 's a hallway to the left or right leading to the rooms .
The service was excellent , and the food was really quite cheap .
They 're large in portion and also very tasty !
All very accommodating , a bit aggressive , but they take pride of their restaurant .
They only carved prime rib , not pork or turkey , but since that 's what I like , that was fine .
Truly , these things were perfect .
It 's a nice place for a romantic meal .
Catching the sunset from here was awesome and the mini - beach made for some great photo opportunities as well .
One person in my group had a veggie burger , and he ate the whole thing .
I 've been there a few times .
Could turn the bowl upside down and nothng would 've come out .
The rest of my friends ordered chicken tenders which came only 3 to an order for over $ 7 ( a bit steep to me ) .
I had the vegetarian pasta and he had the chicken smothered in cheese .
Had a bit of that and the cornbread was good too ! !
I do believe this dish was very good and it was my own issue .
They were refused to it being under a different name , even though I confirmed this was okay prior to arriving .
I wanted to like this new plaze as the price is so affordable but I 'll just get a pizza at Rouse 's across the street .
I 'm not complaining , but it would have been nice to be notified of changes to the dish I was ordering .
It 's kinda older and kitschy on the inside but inviting nonetheless .
Use that lunch hour to good use and make the trip to Northern Liberties , it 'll be totally worth it .
Yes , the cocktails were delicious .
I had the sopa with sausage , tostada with spicy chicken , and a burrito with carnitas .
It was hard to get there with the one way street when traveling southbound on Meridian Ave .
My wife and I came here last night for our three year wedding anniversary .
We had homemade potato chips and waffle fries sweet potatoes .
To top it all off the food tasted odd ( we had ordered the same dish ) and were both sick the next day .
So then some of us ordered the teppan and we got our miso soup and then once that was done we got our salad .
We went to Bailey 's Range to have dessert with friends we have n't seen in years from different states .
I asked the waiter for a wine recommendation based on my tastes and it was delicious and complemented the meal perfectly .
Super disappointed in this restaurant .
+ You can smell his food cart from a block away .
We were told 30 - 45 mins ( it was a Wednesday night ) for delivery .
Hole in the wall , but awesome !
And the fondue was superb as well .
The place looks really nice and inviting .
I was also able to try the gumbo and it was delicious .
The food is amazing , the place is very clean , the staff is friendly and the salsa is the best in town ! ! ! !
Very very good steak .
The fresh fruit was also a plus- except our apple was bruised so we did n't eat that .
I 'm especially a sucker for the sauteed onions and cayenne tortilla .
Everything about this place is awesome .
My dining partner had the breakfast sammy and was happy with his choice .
A friend and I dined during the devour Indy event .
By the time we ordered our food , it was after 9:00 , aka " late night " , which means the portion sizes are smaller .
He went over , he 'd it open for 20 seconds , closed it and walked away .
Small and quaint place , good and friendly service , good food ... gets my vote ! !
Food is VERY salty which any Thai cook will tell you is a big no no .
All those cereal commercials are lying to you .
The fries were decent , though the chipotle aioli was a bit watery .
-The menu is ok .
When I ask for something medium spicy , it 's perfectly medium spicy .
The waitresses seemed like she was trying to rush us out .
Aside from that , I got the fried chicken , green beans , gumbo and stuffed bell peppers .
Definitely my favorite day to go to wind down from the weekend .
The place is huge and you really feel as if you are in Greece with the blue and white decor .
Not the kind where it sort of hurts your throat .
My second visit was today and I only ordered an appetizer for lunch : the stuffed , deep - fried mushrooms .
And I got those oysters .
The highlight of the trout was the potato gnocchi salad served on the side .
That was a nice complement to our meal .
I 've had several of the pasta dishes ( all excellent ) , a potato soup du jour , and the side salad .
My wife had fried chicken , mashed potatoes , and baked beans .
He the gave us some great tips on where else we should be wandering around .
My co - workers say cucina zapata is one of , if not the best food trucks you can find by Drexel 's campus , and they 're not wrong .
" Not bad " is the best I can say for the meal overall .
Anyhoooo , this place is super convenient and it 's a chain so the foods pretty consistent on a good day .
All of our order were hot and fresh !
Once everything was chopped , we were taught how to make roux and started making our gumbo and crawfish étouffée .
The restaurant felt a tad bit cramped , but other than that everything was awesome .
I really only have two complaints : One , they did n't have ribs for lunch and two , the bathrooms were filthy .
Overall , a great experience !
This was my first experience , though , so maybe they 're less gummy elsewhere ?
All of the employees are very kind and professional .
His service -- inattentive : 1 .
but it 's the first thing you see when you walk in ...
Just found out that Virgil Kelly and Kathy Carlson sold the place .
Still , she was friendly and polite and the order was accurate .
What a wonderful find here in Newtown Pa.
Since when did grape tomatoes become heirlooms ?
My favorites are the tofu breakfast platter , migas , and the vegan french toast .
Done the right way and it was yummy .
Finally , we could n't get him to bring the check and had to flag him down again .
Was given a crumpled up piece of paper that was my drink menu .
The patio is especially nice Spring - Autumn , it does n't matter what time .
I sent it back and it came back very medium but edging towards medium well ... sigh .
ML Rose has always been a favorite burger dive bar of mine , though I tend to visit the location on Charlotte Avenue .
I really enjoyed the avocado toast and side of bacon .
Goat cheese , red peppers and portabella mushrooms were so good .
I 'm actually shocked that I 've never done a review .
Just super bummed that is was n't good ... or fun .
Staying at the Sheraton at University City , and was looking for a place that was easy to walk and fairly close .
Had the chicken and waffles and it was AMAZING ! !
Special of the night , octopus , was well cooked but was way too garlicky .
The fries tasted like it was deep fried in really old frying oil .
We love how the kitchen is open so we could see the them preparing our meal .
I live a distance from the restaurant , so I was n't expecting the perfect experience when I got home .
But ... I like this place regardless .
The noodles were chewy , and whereas last time they were a little clumpy , this time , they were perfect .
I present that to you as a good thing , though , you may be ridiculed as a Messy - Marvin .
Oh , and who took the doughnuts ?
She replied that I should feel free not to return , walked into the kitchen and returned with the wrapped bagel .
What should have been frozen was like milk ....
You should be the one apologizing for the bad food .
From door to seat everyone goes out of the way to make your visit special .
Well I could n't even swallow one taste of the soup , yes I had to spit the mystery goo out .
Our server and all the staff did an amazing job .
Stop Your Search Right Now , This is THE BEST North Indian Restaurant ! ! !
Very nice Southern vibe even with the servers being from about as far south as you can go ( South Africa ) .
Although the portions of the sides were small , when we asked they did bring out more .
Attended the MGMA conference at the hotel .
The night we went the steak was okay , nothing to write home about .
And the perogies were nothing above average at best .
The bill came to $ 45 - 50 and we took home a grocery shopping bag full of leftovers .
I have been to a couple of Keke 's in other cities , however , was exceedingly disappointed with my experience today .
Service was top notch , my service was by a very knowledgeable woman named , Heidi .
Had baked breakfast sandwich and it was fabulous .
In our group , there were two adults and four children , ages 14 , 13 , 5 and 3 .
Good food and awesome service ( Mike was our server and he was very nice & friendly ! )
It was very busy for late Thursday morning .
The food : 9 , so far everything I 've ordered has been great , especially the pizza .
Even when they 're slammed with orders , I 've never seen the staff be anything less than polite and efficient .
The food seem to be just dump together on a plate and did n't look very appetizing .
Favorite rolls are the black angel , spivey girl , and Snow White .
We are the lunch buffet and everything was piping hot and fresh .
The onions were overbearing though ...
They had a number of specials that were not on the menu .
The corn bread biscuits are deliciously addictive .
So happy we gave this restaurant a chance .
Then came at the end the soup .
This place and our server did exactly that .
The beef was served shish kebab style , and to be honest , not my favorite .
Spicy and peppery , just how I like it .
The main courses were all right .
We had wine by the glass and the pours are generous ! ! !
Very cool place .
Exceptionally nice people and everyone was smiling , esp the employees .
This is our second time at sassafras .
So , I have never actually stayed at the Opryland hotel because well I live here and who cares .
The entrees were just okay - with the filet mignon and eggplant dish being the best .
Not sure why we had to wait 30 minutes till we got it .
the koloches are amazing .
My friend had the ribs .
Especially disappointed in the tiny pancakes .
Its actually as good as most I had in my 4 years in Texas .
We were seated and given plenty of time to look at the menu .
As such , Bareburger has been my default lunch option for rainy days when I 'm in no mood to leave the office .
I did n't try the gamba but my friend loved it .
Good job , chap .
I had the dill pickle soup and a grilled cheese sandwich .
They accommodated our large party really well .
I 've had some great Ethiopian food but this place was the worst ever , very disappointing and overpriced !
Salt and pepper seem to be their only seasonings .
The tomato sauce , pepperoni , and cheese were all high quality ingredients .
People that work here were nice .
But , frankly the food was just ok as was Steve .
Food was very good here .
The vinegar slaw and baked beans sides complimented my sandwiches well , and they were a good portion too .
All 4 dinners were delicious .
The server was sweet and put in our food orders quickly once she came by .
Loved the bottle service for mimosa 's .
My children split the chicken tenders , which were obviously hand - breaded and perfectly cooked .
Again , just not my favorite kind of place .
My husband had the pork fried rice which was decent .
Great for bringing all the family in ! !
he never bothered to come over to check on us to see if we needed drink refills or how our food was .
The salmon was cooked perfectly .
We ordered the 2 - roll lunch special , but ended up getting brought the wrong rolls ...
The food here was great !
The staff was friendly enough , and we were comfortable there .
I used to get the blackened chicken salad but this time I tried the swordfish ..... amazing ! ! !
We ordered Sushi and a dinner plate and it took forever to get any help for drinks .
Once we got our drinks and started eating- Ol Marie went missing for awhile .
They had a rough start but we really enjoy eating here now .
He then went back to taking orders where he used his arm and same hand to wipe his nose , sniffed , and touched his hair .
Our waitress was nice , but really flaky .
There was a thin layer of smashed bananas and cinnamon sugar at the bottom and 75 % of the interior was empty space .
After both drinks were gone we sat around waiting for the server to ask whether we needed anything else .
When a coworker convinced me to eat there for lunch , I thought , " Where the hell are you taking me ? ! "
They 're the most expensive piece of chicken and not worth it at all .
The fish was fresh , flavorful and cooked to perfection .
And this has happened on multiple occasions .
Waiters were very friendly .
The deviled eggs were a pass .
The staff was SUPER NICE .
Small forgivable mistakes when taking on this place but the great food and sweet staff really put it home for me !
Meat was very tasty and lean .
My steak was raw , tough and tasteless .
Many choices on the menu .... Interesting staff and friendly !
My favorite sushi restaurant in West County .
This place is so cute .
The food is amazing ; its your typical Mexican restaurant food .
If you ask them what 's better , X or Y , they 're not going to jerk you around and say they 're equally good .
Based on other reviews , I tried the Tagliatelli al Limone which was overwhelmed by the lemon .
Younger Asian man with glasses was very polite and thanked us for the order .
Me and my two companions crushed two dozen oysters as fast as the gentleman who dare not speak could shuck them .
It was good food .
The lamb was cooked well and the pita bread was excellent .
The man ordered shrimp and grits , one of our fave things to make at home , AKA a heart attack on a plate but you go out happy .
It 's just honest , simple , good food for a great price .
Had take out , Rigatoni Bolognese and a personal pizza with Spinach and Mushrooms .
Overall , we felt the service was okay .
The omelet also came out and was clearly covered in oil .
The pea leaves were great !
I 'm not saying it 's amazing grace but it 's definitely doable .
We wanted wine , but our waiter was nowhere to be found .
While on the water we saw them pulling up fresh cali kings from the side of the pier .
The burger was cooked to perfection and exactly what I wanted .
Italian food , Chinese food , Mexican food , Salad Bar , and of course , the Carving Station .
Overpriced mediocre at best .
Mediocre chain food , mediocre chain service , mediocre chain atmosphere .
Full disclosure- I was a frequent visitor of the Khyber in it 's previous life , as a dark & dirty , divey rock venue .
The people who work there are really nice and you can call in and they 'll have it ready for pick up !
I 've made friends here over the years so all I can say now is , Cheers !
We just finished brunch and we 're constantly badgered by our waitress about the number of people in our group .
Most affordable lunch we had in NOLA
All things considered , I give this place a 3 out of 5 -- average to slightly better than average .
She did offer a voucher for the restaurant which was nice of her but this should 've never happened .
I personally ordered the red beans and rice which were awesome and the burger , also great .
The Bloody Mary bar was delish only outdone by the food ! ! !
Needless to say I wo n't be ordering from this location again .
I liked the miso broth better and the pickled veggies on top were divine .
Soups , salads , sandwiches , chips , cookies and the like .
Eventually I said something to the manager and the bartender warmed up but by then we were done with our night there .
This was labeled in the menu as a 10/10 spicy rating , it was at most a 2 .
I was feeling down and asked around about Margarita Monday and some chick in a souvenir shop told me they had bomb food .
Hats off to the chef for dealing with a WAY understaffed day at the restaurant , though .
Came up with Petra Restaurant near our home .
The gnocchi bolognese ( which we split for an appetizer ) was delicious as were the soft shell crabs .
The service was on point ( some of the best we 've ever had ) .
Roll was awesome .
The waiter gave most of his attention to the hibachi tables , and walked by us with an " Oh Crap !
Nothing has changed since my last review .
Despite being packed , we got our food very quickly !
Every time I 've had it it 's been crispy and not greasy , and the meat has been tender , moist , and flavorful .
We also had the Queso Fundido , one with chorizo and the other with mushrooms .
We had a very nice brunch here .
Eventually we just asked to see the menu again and asked if the sate veggies was vegan ?
The salad it sat on , iceberg , was so ordinary , it completely downgraded the dish .
Gnocchi --- where 're that smokiness coming from ? ? ? ?
We also split a bowl of Turkey Noodle soup .
The service was really slow and the chef was on his phone right in my face !
This annoyed me a bit , but it was probably because I was so hungry .
White chocolate bread pudding was amazing .
We came for a casual brunch out , and found this joint to be a pretty okay place .
The shrimp were fat and succulent , but heavy with oil , as well as the onion rings .
The onions stayed in the breading and did n't slide out when you bit them ( which I hate ) .
I helped myself to the basic burger , which I asked for cooked all the way , and was pleasantly not dry at all .
Opposing husband got the salmon .
The food choices fit everyone 's needs ; savory or sweet , veggie or not .
Walking in , it took a bit to be greeted and seated .... and the restaurant had only about 10 people sitting .
The salad was very tasty ; however , they only have Italian dressing ... no ranch or anything else .
We did wait a while for the food and for the check so the waitress was nice enough to bring a pastry for free .
The hot chocolate was good , thick chocolate , and it came in a to - go cup which was convenient .
Fav 's are the Nachos , BEP Eggrolls , Duck Taco 's , MacNchz , ChzGrits are Yummy ! ! ! ...
GONE to Hardee 's in a flash when I get that occasional , overwhelming urge to indulge in their breakfast .
we noticed other tables were served food before us even though we were seated a good 15 - 20 minutes before them .
The staff is always very friendly and personable so sometimes , you actually forget how long you were waiting in line .
Went two days in a row during our weekend visit to Philadelphia .
Great place for a casual evening on a quiet block near Rittenhouse !
This was a very good grilled cheese .
When I arrived , I had to seat at the bar until my entire party arrived ..
My cousin wanted to add noodles to her wonton soup but the cook said no ?
So I saw a lady working up at the front and went up and asked her .
We had them deliver so I ca nt really comment on the actual establishment itself or if it 's any good at all .
Another downside to this place was the lack of vegetarian options .
The fried calamari tacos were very delicious !
As we were already quite hungry and not wanting to wait for a pizza to be made , we just grabbed some slices .
I tasted it and it made me worry for the dumplings .
I got the Big Jerk & Kale Salad that I saw many rave reviews over and was not disappointed ! ! !
I really enjoyed the panini I got there !
I ca n't wait to return to try their chicken and waffles .
My wife ordered a Shrimp Casitas bowl and I had the Carne Asada taco and the Barbacoa taco .
The server was wonderful and you could tell he was super busy .
So let 's just say I could n't be happier to get my mimosa which was pretty tasty .
It is a bit overpriced , but its fine .
I stopped in here on a whim and was totally blown away !
Place was empty but it took a long time for us to be able to put in our order for simple breakfast items .
Excellent place . , stopped by accidentally and found food awesome .
They were a smaller size , which was great as we wanted to make sure we were still able to enjoy our dinner .
A great selection and GMO conscious ! ! !
DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION .
They were okay , I liked the peanut dipping sauce better than the actual roll itself .
After reading reviews we headed for Herbie 's for brunch yesterday .
For $ 250 , and one of my favorite places ... I was more than let down .
First time here and I got the turkey burger bc it was a special .
This is America and who wants to pay to eat at a snooty mediocre place ?
The WK philly was ready under 10 minutes , and we self sat in a cute little table where we indulged in all the vegan goodies .
Drinks , we tried several of the house cocktails of Sazarac 's ( repeated numerous times ) & Joe Christmas were very solid .
I like how open it was , place was packed , but did n't feel like it at all .
I love Bareburger and have dined at many Bareburger locations in NYC , but this one is by far the worst .
I I went here yesterday and it was Lightning Fast service .
Servers were nice but the whole experience was just average at best .
We both said we would order the churros as a main course and be perfectly happy !
For starters , the host was welcoming , and the other waitresses seemed friendly , but not ours .
Quite disappointed - not in the chain , but certainly in this location .
right off the bat , we were seated at a table that did n't have a designated server .
My other friend ordered the CANNOLI PANCAKES .
The bacon was thick cut pieces , and the chicken was plentiful .
Appetizers arrived and we devoured everything .
The topic of Mardi Gras came up , and I was like oh I was just down in New Orleans for my birthday .
The wings themselves are mediocre .
Everyone is driving from suburbs and New Jersey to eat .
My experience was fantastic .
My food was adequate , it was n't gross tasting but it was n't all that either .
The only reason I 'm giving it 3 stars is being the service was kind of terrible .
Both of the appetizer plates were very small for the $ 14 price point .
A total local gem ! !
I did try my friend 's BBQ chicken pizza which was bomb .
i had the watermelon salad and the roasted bell pepper with lentils .
We opted to sit inside , but their outdoor seating is nice as well .
The atmosphere kind of reminds me of a dive bar - I think that 's the best way to describe it .
The food was amazing and the entire staff could not have been nicer .
SIDE NOTE : The sushi was delish .
I was a bit hung over and decided to show up for a late lunch .
We had fresh naan with ghee brought to the table .
Loved the scallop roll , so creative .
He apologized profusely and said he would send me a gift certificate .
My lilly - white ass had a rental car , so I looked around as I pulled into the drive - thru .
The outdoor and indoor seating options were excellent and the overall experience at Coffeebar Reno was pretty great .
There was ample sauce , rice and broccoli .
A friend recommended it to me .
We also had chicken skewers , that were described as " sesame , garlic , ginger ... " .
I rarely order a burger when I go out to eat , because why order " out " what you can make easily a home , right ?
We could have ended the meal there and been perfectly satisfied ...
Rice was overcooked to the point it was unrecognizable .
Had a flavorful , moist taste , almost fall off the bone .
The flavors were mild , but tasty .
The ' burn ' of the thai hot was a different one than other places in the area .
The last time we went , everything was excellent .
You place your order at the counter and the food is brought out to you .
The wait staff was super friendly and helpful .
We will never go back to this location .
I had the catfish , sweet potatoes , and pork cracklings cornbread .
I had the fried oyster platter and it was really good .
When the waitress came back , it looked like she had just scraped the peppers off .
Though I am no longer living in Philly , the owner of Axis Pizza reached out to me and offered a gift card to try the new pizza .
Their food is inventive and wildly tasty , the atmosphere is super cool and casual .
It was dry , crusty and hard cheese , no sauce , tasted like a piece of bread with lettuce and tomatoes on it .
Lastly for $ 13 in a casual order at the counter place , the portions were small .
Kelley 's is a good solid place to eat .
Chef Bond is a very good teacher , and talked at length about the differences between Creole and Cajun food and cooking styles .
We had a gang of 11 of us that came here for the day away from St Petersburg to chill out and feed our mugs !
My food was prepared exactly as I ordered and was served quickly .
The Dosa is pretty decent but honestly the smoke really made my head hurt and made me cough .
We ended up eating at Acero and it was excellent and they were welcoming and had great service .
All the choices make it kind of hard to choose .
The 4 stars comes from the rather steep price for the amount of tiny sized dumplings you get .
Took the trolley there from the French Quarter and it drops you off pretty much right in front .
Glad I ordered water because the salsa is on the spicy side
The service was great all around , very professional .
This always reminds us of going to a favorite aunt 's house for dinner .
I had brunch in Sunday with a group of friends at Cresheim Valley Grain Exchange .
We had to wait a long time for our food while people around us got theirs already .
Walked here from our condo and found this awesome place !
And the service was just as awful .
The staff are attentive and nice .
The mac and cheese is simply delicious .
What on earth is going on with management ?
Since I was starving ordered another roll and ate that , but BAD IDEA .
We had cocktails to start off ; my key lime mojito was absolutely wonderful !
I had the Louisiana Skillet with crawfish and andouille sausage .
The food is good ( not great , but not at all bad ) , and it was nice that we went at a time when it was n't super busy .
Best breakfast place in Indy hands down .
We loved it so much we went back every morning for breakfast .
Definitely the most memorable service .
Maybe I should 've tried one of the weirder flavors , like razzbery[sic ] balsamic or halva pistachio .
Our entrees were great , though .
oh yes , its good , and they use fresh , not canned mushrooms .
The seafood had a clean taste and nothing was greasy .
The customer service was excellent .
The service was stellar we received from Melissa !
Not sorry to see this place go .
Mr. B 's was recommended by all the locals .
My only complaint ( I ca n't comment on food ) is that the dj , while live , was n't very good .
Dislikes : We arrived in a group of 15 .
Went to the Bobby spa ...
I get back to my car and realize that he forgot the blueberries , kiwi , and 80 % of the agave .
The lady was n't rude just abrupt .
We ordered online for take - out .
The beignets are a pretty good size which makes them easy to be shared unless you do n't like sharing .
Anyway ... Thanks for offering very good food and service .
I really enjoyed everything from the atmosphere , staff and food .
Lady up front was great and extremely polite .
My pancakes tasted like stale bread .
Stopped to eat here because it was the closest place playing the Bronco game .
It REALLY takes away from the rest of the sandwich .... Did they also change the great bun on the burger , too ?
oh and the light was dim for all the lovers out there .
They are tender , pulling off the bone just right .
I also greatly enjoyed the chili I had here , though it was a special so I 'm not sure how often it comes around .
As far as the food was concerned , I was pretty underwhelmed , if I 'm being honest .
Now I 'm grossed out and sad because I used to love ' feine , but am now really disappointed - they should have been more careful .
They also had kronenbourg on special .
It is like eating with your family , who is really fun !
The dinner rolls were excellent , as well as the salads that came with our entrees .
Server was super friendly and happy to tell me her favorites .
My husband told me his roast beef was really salty and while ironically , my kabob was very bland .
12 oysters for 9.99 , so delicious .
Got some delicious dinner from here and it was just as good as the other Chipotles I 've been to .
I also just tried the blackened ribeye and it was excellent as well .
It 's a unique dining experience , a fun way to try new foods and we absolutely loved it !
The raw bar was fantastic .
Having had a date last Saturday , I thought it would have been a good opportunity to try it out .
There was almost nothing on the menu for Vegans .
They seemed more like Disney employees than fast - food workers .
And looking at the other reviews of this location , this was no fluke .
They do n't have BBQ spare ribs , which was a bummer .
The red beans were just delicious -- Is say the best we 've had ( and we 've had them all over the city ) .
I would highly recommend this place as we will be coming back soon !
The yuccas were crispy on the outside and not mashed .
The shrimp roll and wonton pieces were great .
The decorations and atmosphere were very fancy , but we still felt comfortable wearing jeans .
My family ordered 4 entrees and nine were particularly good .
The perfect combination of funny , knowledgeable , and compassionate , he made us feel like part of his family .
and some of the decor is nice
Everything about our visit was great the service the food the waitstaff Danielle in particular .
Its my regular place for coffee and bagel and it is one of the awesome places in the neighborhood to get both of them .
There was something just a little off on the overall vibe .
I took 1/2 my meal home and ate the rest in the middle of the night - cold ..
Menu said ask Waiter for french toast and eggs Benedict .
I really liked the tuna fish dumplings .
The bartender was so kind and gave my sister a complimentary St.
We paid more for our breakfast than a top French restaurant in New York and I walked away hungry and disgusted .
I tried the taste of bayou & thought it was just okay .
They crumbled and broke every time .
Very little else of what we had that day stood out .
The food frankly was n't that bad .
Must try the shaved ice it 's amazing ! ! !
It 's like they have the blind leading the blind here .
The food and service from the waiter were also nothing spectacular .
Stay away from this location at all costs !
My order has been either incorrect , overcharged , or cold each and every time I have come .
The bartender who was right next to he stand was on his blue tooth and only looked our way to flirt with me .
Short walk away from bourbon street which is nice to get away from the crowds and unpalatable smell .
Hopefully she gets her tips back from the thief that stole them from the jar Saturday cause she deserves them !
I went to El Camino Real for a surprise birthday party for my cousin - in - law .
The lady at the reservation desk was super friendly and accepted my request to be on the 7th floor .
The seafood stew was too salty .
The food here is okay !
Glad we 're moving to the area- this will be our go- to BBQ joint !
I live 0.9 miles away from Smiley 's Cafe .
Brought up concerns to manager but he did n't seem too worried .
The owner of the salon is Vietnamese and I trust that she knows her food and she highly recommended the place .
When the gentleman arrived he did apologize for the delay .
The Hill is know for its amazing cuisine and Modesto is a great compliment to the restaurant landscape in the area .
Service was just " meh " and the prices are n't bad .
The Drum was perfect , as were the shrimp & grits and the moules frites .
The street is a little on the rough side .
So we did that ... and I never got the final bill .
We ordered some appetizers of the empanadas and Brussels sprouts .
We called 24 hours in advance and made a reservation for two for the tapan tables for the next evening at 7:30 PM .
Do n't order the large one I 'm afraid how big it would be .
Everything was accommodating to the local market .
Our " go - to " place .
I had the black bean cake Benedict which was sooooo good !
Our server Veronica was so helpful and good at describing things , and seemed to really care .
The bonsai tree roll that is wrapped in cucumber was soggy .
I ordered the Figgy Piggy and as someone who hates onions , I 'm glad I forgot to ask them to leave them off .
Tostones seemed very dry but maybe that is what they are supposed to be- this is the first time I have had them .
After another 5 minutes - they basically said very rudely " Where are they ? "
The entree 's were also top notch .
My wife had a burger and fries and I had shrimp with chicken with mixed vegetables and Francine had crab cakes .
The food was still excellent , for the most part .
This is BYOB and conveniently there 's a liquor store right next door !
I actually hate to write this review because I do n't want to see the place get crowded .
Caramel milkshake for dessert , we stopped back in for two more for the ride home .
All is farm - fresh and made with great care .
Very disney - esque it it 's mexican appearance .
What a fun , brightly lit neighborhood .
we finished every last bit !
But I got my pick of tables and chose one of the hi - tops in the front window .
The food is fresh and delicious .
I have no idea what it was called , but it 's an appetizer , just ask the server .
the employees were at best , disinterested .
It was n't too sweet and the granola was awesome !
The ingredients were fresh .
SO , when we had a Stay - cation in the Foot Hills , we jumped at the opportunity dine @ Fiamme 's .
So it had to sit on the table while I finished soup .
We walked in on Sunday afternoon and was greeted by the fantastic bartender , Steve , who helped us pick out our meal .
Just went here for a work party about 20 of us and the service was awesome !
I ordered panzanella salad and toasted ravioli and my friend got the house salad and pasta con broccoli .
Although I 'm sure the cake should be very fattening with the tres leche , it did n't taste overly sweet and it was so good .
The food at Vetri is excellent .
Too bad it 's around only once a year ; (
A glutton for dairy , my friend also ordered a chocolate milkshake , which was gross .
I was seated at the oyster shuckling table .
Price was reasonable as well ...
The chicken was dry and flavorless ... I have a feeling it was not made that day .
We like the food here very much .
They were honestly some of the best pancakes I have ever had a restaurant .
Everyone was pleased with their selection .
I do n't believe they normally make reservations , but they were very kind and willing .
I ate at this restaurant last night ( Monday ) which is $ 1.00 taco night .
The server was ok , she was not very attentive and put a mandatory tip because our party had 6 .
Overall , though , I 'd say a great place to go !
What can I say , Herbie 's has provided another wonderful Happy Hour for me and my friends .
My husband used to work for Gaylord so he would come here for lunch all the time and got hooked .
We lost our server for a little while , and at one point ended up asking someone else if they could let her know we were ready .
The only thing that would have made it 5 stars was the soda selection .
There was a table of 4 and a table of 2 , I was a table of 1 .
I said something to the manager , which rendered dirty looks from the cooks and a retaliation .
My friends ahi tuna was pretty bad .
The thin crust pizza was great !
We frequent the best restaurants In Philadelphia - this is definitely one of our favorites .
A lovely spot for a nice dinner .
The goat cheese and crawfish crepes are AMAZING and the seafood stew so flavorful and satisfying !
Every time I had it as a young man , it tasted ...
My dining companions all finished their meals and had desserts which looked fantastic - tiramisu was beautiful and large !
We tried Izumi last night after reading the great reviews from here .
We get in line and begin to order brunch , when the cashier girl tells us they 're , " Not doing brunch today . "
We sat waiting for 20 minutes and not even someone to acknowledge us to tell us how much longer .
When we arrived , they would not even seat our first guests even though the place was empty .
Our Waitress , Rita who is amazing , had to make our drink order because the 1 - Bartender was backed up .
The food had better be worth the wait ....
I have money to burn$$ but that does n't mean I 'm going to just give it to you and get price gauged .
I 'd say that 's a plus for the place seeing how you wo n't have to get up and go somewhere for breakfast .
Only had the meatball sub here and a glass of Pinot ..
It came with a huge cracker thingy that was actually quite tasty with a good crunch .
The whole place just makes you feel like you 're eating a great meal at a friend 's house .
The staff ( the owners ? ) are VERY friendly and gracious .
But I did n't go there for the chef , I went for the sushi .
He 's been talking about the food since we left .
I ordered salmon , and we also had a pizza .
Mmm , in all actuality , I give this place a 3.5 , but a 4 it is .
Boneless steak and curry Chicken were the best .
Ultimately , it was a good date spot , but nothing to write home about
It was beautiful but cold so I wish they had put the heaters on .
We saw three ants crawling on the counter when we were paying .
I 'll only come here again if it 's the only way to see family , otherwise I 'll stick with Cafe du Monde .
the cobbler was warm and delicious , the bread part was very good , and the cold ice cream complemented everything perfectly .
Great job 5 Star ! !
Milktooth is one of the most popular brunch places in Indy , which means you will typically have a wait .
If you 're looking for a quick , relatively cheap place to grab a pizza , it 's a good place for it .
this seriously made my day .
The cashier acted as if she was doing us a favor taking our order !
I think our food came out within ten minutes .
Still though , I enjoyed the whole thing .
They run the course like thoroughbreds to get to the front of the potty line ... and then proceed to take FOREVER to get out .
Love the location , it 's tucked away in this cute little shopping center .
Schlafly is amazing .
Our waitress was nice and so was the host .
He ordered the Boudin , eggs , biscuit , potatoes .... good .
My husband and I came to St Pete for a weekend and we have stopped by Karma for both breakfast and lunch .
But today I ordered a delivery for the first time , the driver was very insulting to me .
The carhops are always friendly and our food always comes out how we order it .
This morning , my wife and I were leaving to go home and decided on brunch .
The applesauce was so sweet to be inedible .
The chowder full of crab was fantastic !
My husband & I came here for dinner one evening .
Everything came in good portions .
well ... the food was good , but not like great .
I ca n't stress enough what a fantastic experience it was working with them .
The service was uninviting and made my group feel unwanted .
I did n't realize I was basically ordering dessert for lunch , but I do n't regret it .
When I eat there I feel at home and feel a sense of gentleness around them .
We both had the prixe fixe menu with wine pairing and ordered one of each of the choices .
My college chum and I went for lunch the last day of September .
I did n't care much for the pancakes , they were dry , toppings were nothing special .
Although I ordered a different fish from Char P. , the experience was once again identical .
They were out of so much food .
However , the workers behind the counter were poised and courteous despite the onslaught .
My dining companion chose the better dessert - the mango mousse cake something or other , and that was sweet !
We ordered from SB menus therefore we expected it to take a long time .
This was our fifth time eating at Berlin 's Donner .
I prefer morton 's over the others b / c I just have better cuts of meat in my opinion .
When I open my door she asked me about a car across the street with a guy in the driver 's seat .
Now time for serve he served all wrong item such a shame .
I was glad I got there when I did because four more customers came in !
Luckily , our wait was only about 20 minutes as the dinner rush was just leveling off .
The gumbo ya - ya is assertive --thick and dark with every ingredient calling attention to its own importance .
This place is truly average .
The dough looked and tasted like it was prepared by a machine .
The only rotisserie they seem to have is the sign outside .
The cashew chicken was just ok at best .
Just had an awesome meal at Mirko .
Fish was very fresh , and the salad was excellent .
The pie was delicious and the po ' boy was transcendent .
I also tried some of my friend 's dish which was an eggplant selection and it was delicious !
I had super high hopes for this place .
When I told her she could take it back she shrugged her shoulders and said ok .
We held our day - after wedding brunch at The Hattery .
This has been one of my favorite annual spots !
Clams were delicious .
We drove here for a soccer tournament .
As a member of the would - be grandmas club , this was crucial to my enjoyment for the night .
Scallops , shrimp po boy , chicken parm and meatballs were all outstanding .
It was worth the wait .
After some planning & rescheduling , I was able to introduce my brother to PJ 's he liked it too .
We ordered the bianco salad ( to share between 2 ) and the western addition ( to share between 4 ) .
Absolutely the worst meal I 've had .
The subs always taste so fresh and you can tell that the staff cares about what they do since they are so friendly .
Been meaning to try this place , and finally did .
These raw oysters were so huge , like a little bigger than the size of my hand .
The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was nice .
Once we were served , the waitstaff ignored us .
Owner John Besh runs a tight ship , and we owe our lovely friend Marci for turning us on to their Happy Hour .
The place was empty when we arrived right before noon but starting getting busier as we were leaving .
Not roach dirty of course .
I 'm so disappointed that the bar staff was so unreceptive to feedback from customers .
St Mary 's is always my first stop when getting into Tucson .
first of all , it was 80 degree , they turn off the AC after abound half hrs we sat down .
I went to this Schnucks last night for the first time .
Sky Cafe was pretty crowded on a Saturday night .
However there were tons of tables open , but okay .
I do n't mean poorly operating heat , I mean no heat .
I went home and was sick the rest of the evening from the amount of oil it had in it .
We skipped dessert .
The crawfish bisque was tasty , but a bit too salty .
I do have to admit that the bar itself did have a weird smell that I could have done without .
A lot of us were getting frustrated and the staff could n't have cared less .
Every bite was exactly as I had hoped !
Their chicken curry was delicious and do yourself a favor , get the cheese naan ... it 's amazing .
All in all this hidden gem is a great place to experience what New Orleans has to offer .
I never eat calamari when it 's ordered , it 's always so rubbery , chewy and greasy .
We are from the Middle East and the food made us home sick in a good way .
The cute puffy wall coverings looked like someone used them as napkins over and over .
I 'll just stick to the Turkey necks .
My husband ordered jalapenos and the guy did honor my request to go easy on them , which I appreciate .
We tried 3 of their desserts -- all good , especially pecan pie .
I 'm a Long Island pizza snob but I have to admit , when I lived in Society Hill , I looked forward to ordering from Gianna 's .
tamarind and mint chutneys served with it were good .
I ordered the French dip and I was so hungry I gobbled it down .
I came to Buena Onda for a casual birthday celebration with a few girl friends and the food was really phenomenal .
I would claim that this is one of my favorite sushi places here in S Jersey now .
I think I ordered roti cani , but I ca n't be sure .
Their fries were thin and delicious .
Full of suprise and what a great dining experience .
He ordered the steak for his entree and said it was " cooked at the right temperature and very tasty .
Two co - workers and I came here after flying in from Chicago for an afternoon snack .
My favorite place ever !
1 star though for the overall experience .
The burgers and milk shakes were very good .
She really made our experience there worth the money .
The duckfat fries were pretty yummy , but not even the best part of the meal .
Ca n't wait to try other menu items !
She said okay , and took the rice to give to other people ! !
This place has an alchemy to it that made for the best day of our lives , in the most beautiful setting .
The staff is super friendly and accommodating .
I had the pick three of sausage , brisket and ribs .
The other meals were more of visual masterpieces .
The homemade casseroles were as were the omelettes .
What an experience , probably one of the most memorable dining experiences you can get here in Philly .
The sauce was not too spicy , I thought , but the cumin flavor is smoky and present .
We always sit in the bar because the staff there is phenominal !
The salad was very fresh and her veggies were garlic flavored and al dente .
Stopped by for lunch .... best decision we have made in a while , this place rocks !
I got my regular , the veggie bowl and it was really good !
We decided to check this place out and said hey why not ?
I highly recommend this restaurant food is so good especially the chicken is the bomb ...
When it arrived the pasta was a little too firm and the flavor was extremely bland .
I liked the steak one best .
The restaurant has a nice atmosphere and the restrooms were clean .
I asked about them and let her know about the 2 for 1 statement she said .
My favorite place on University .
The miso soup was the best we have ever had , the house salad was actually good .
Unfailingly , my favorite place to get biscuits and gravy .
On Monday and Tuesday nights Reginelli 's sells TWO DOLLAR pitchers of Abita Amber ( with the purchase of some food , of course ) .
Our waitress was great , very friendly , helpful , and attentive .
Probably our 4th time at this place and each experience has been amazing !
When we brought it to her attention , she said not to worry about it .
I greatly appreciate their service .
So I placed the order , waited 10 minutes , but it never came .
We backed up and forward twice and no one would wait on us .
Since casinos rarely like to lose money , it 's extremely rare to run across .
My wife and I went here on Cinco de Mayo .
She picked the butter pecan and that ended up in an eye roll towards heaven .
I hear every single order as you tell it to the cashier .
We both ended up ordering the house salad , which was delicious for a salad ( I 'm not really a salad person ) .
I thought the sauce lacked SOMETHING , though at the time , I could not place it .
There s a table set up just for the ghosts .
She did n't seem to mind we were just hanging out , mostly munching on apps & drinking brews .
My husband and I both agreed that Zeppoli was a treasure - for the food .
Only problem I had was that they charged my bill to my bestie card and my card smh .
So , on a beautifully humid August morning I walked over to check it .
I 'm in side the Hardrock standing at the Noodle Bar ( food is wonderful ) .
That said , the appetizers and beers we tried were good .
Kate got The Great Mississippi Mudslide which was amazing as well and the Love Potion # 9 .
Another 5 minutes and he returns asking if we 're ready to order , by this time I 've read every word on the menu , so we ordered .
Went on a Saturday night around 6 , there was only 1 other table seated .
( Leftovers are a - ok with me ! ) They tell you upfront it takes 45 mins to cook a deep - dish , which is pretty long but worth it .
I could only finish half it was so big .
Our server was very good !
Bonus was seeing one of the Indy chicken limos down the road .
The room was pretty with hardwood floors and old pictures on the walls .
When we got there she said the order did n't go through so we reordered .
Overall we loved Jones and will definitely return on our next trip !
The private room upstairs was perfectly accommodating for our small dinner party , under 20 people .
The waitress was also so sweet ! !
Both the bartenders said the fish were their favorite , and the readers here seem to prefer the shrimp .
The male waiter was only looking at my 7 year old daughter and I tried to get his attention away but could n't , a real creeper .
I perused the menu in the car and noticed they seen to be priced higher than many other Indian places in the Nashville area .
I really really enjoy this place , one of my favorite places to go .
It comes with sprouts , tomato , onions , lettuce and some kind of sweet sauce with orange slices on the side .
I loved the different shades of woods used paired with shades of blues and white .
They were fairly bland and not real crunchy as I 've had at other spots .
I consider this place a second home !
I personally think Cyrano 's is the most well managed and appealing restaurant in Webster Groves .
She kept talking over my husband and telling him that we were incorrect for ordering our food the way it was ordered .
Yumm the steak and egg sandwich was also delicious .
I left two of the three tacos on the plate and pushed it to the side .
Was here over Labor Day weekend , so yes the place was packed and there was a long line !
I have only been there twice but I really enjoyed their tasteful plates .
The place looks completely ghetto on the outside but it actually has a pretty decent interior .
It was a little bit on the lukewarm side , but other than that , I 'd put it right up there with the best pho places in Indy .
The pizza sauce tastes like it came right out of a can .
Very nice girl working there .
I guess it should stay that way .
There is even a mini cannoli on top !
Courteous service ...
We 've tried most of the Chinese restaurants in the Havertown area .
The desserts are all deconstructed , and again , the presentation is beautiful !
The staff are super friendly and accommodating .
It was a nice night out and the service and pizza were both exactly what we needed .
The cats are all from the SPCA , have their shots and are fully adoptable !
There 's even outdoor seating in the back .
This is probably my newest favorite Thai place to eat in the downtown area .
The dinner cruise cons : the food was nothing to write home about .
I was so excited to try this place after reading all the reviews and dining at other John Besh restaurants .
Our waitress was constantly refilling our drinks , and she was very friendly .
2nd time here on Saturday at 6 .
Probably the best coffee experience we had in Tampa , highly recommended !
We offered to pay cash , but this was beyond their capacity and the request was met with silence .
The steak was bland .
It ended up taking us about 45 minutes to get our checks , get them corrected , get them corrected again and get out of there .
I needed dinner ..
It was a little offputting to be asked to move after spending $ 80 on a meal , but I understood and we happily moved .
The only downfall was the slow wait time and mean and rude service .
ALthough ... they did have real horseradish for the prime rib .... nice bonus .
Knowing that mistakes happen and wanting to give them another chance , my kids and I went back a few nights later .
We nearly missed it on our walk to dinner ; there 's no real label on the corner restaurant .
I 'm no stranger to the Imam Baldi .
We went in and the hostess started to take us to a booth , and i told her asap that i need a table as I ca n't sit in a booth .
The inside was well seasoned ( savory ) and had just the right balance of ingerdients .
I told him that our definition of extra cheese is very different .
So they sold us a cup of Halo Halo .
I like going here and just stuffing my face and enjoying every minute of it .
And then there was the food , excellent presentation and great taste .
Went here with some coworkers and were awkwardly informed that we could n't split the check beyond 3 checks .
All this made it feel like you 're sitting somewhere at the delta .
Popped in for dinner after our " Mall Santa " experience and we were not disappointed .
Update : Do n't come here for the pizza .
She was also on top of her job which is refreshing .
But the guy who owns it ( also our server ) was endearing because he was very enthusiastic about the food he and his wife make .
So , the tequeños and yuquitas were pretty good , particularly with the dipping sauces .
The food was well done , especially the classic Greek salad , pork souvlaki , and gyro .
That 's where the server closes their station , usually unbeknownst to the management .
Did n't try any thing else .
The best part is sitting out on the shady patio .
And for being a gourmet burger joint , the burgers were just " ok " at best .
My boss called in an order for 5 people at 10:30AM , to be picked up at noon .
The salsa was completely bland and the lettuce came as chunk of iceberg which has no flavor to begin with .
I almost gave a 4 * review because their heat was n't working and it was single digits outside and pretty cold inside .
The good was excellent and at a great price .
location , so I have n't had a need to drive over to this location .
The brisket burger was also great .
One bagel was charred burnt and the sandwich was just regular sausage patties .
We had an 8:15 reservation and were greeted by the hostess and told our table would be a few minutes .
We had the chicken soup and Aji de Gallina , sauce with chicken , potato , and rice .
I love chipotle peppers and cook with chipotle en adobo frequently .
Nikki is a wonderful asset to the restaurant ! !
The initial " Hi , I 'm so - and - so " was fine and we ordered our 3 meals and waited .
It could have been if it was n't for a wedding reception when we went ...
I learned of the difference between what I ordered via their website and what I actually got , when I arrived home .
Got there and lady 's was not welcoming but neutral asking if we were ready .
We ended up sitting at the bar ; it would have been a longer wait for a table outside , since there are so few .
The prices were very reasonable , about $ 44 for all of us .
It 's not just bell peppers -- it 's spicy hot , even though it was n't marked that way -- and they marked half the menu as spicy .
Some confusion at the front desk , then promptly seated far away from the tank .
I live a block and a half away ( 315 N Senate ) .
At this time , our " server " ( the same one we asked to get a manager ) claimed she was the manager .
just because it would be more convenient for me ( no , I did n't deduct stars for this - just a suggestion ) .
Most of the people there were eating lunch .
I was told if I did n't want to take the food , I did n't have to pay for it .
As with all other places on Frenchmen , the music was awesome .
The short ribs literally melted in my mouth !
Went here not realizing we had been to the West Hartford location in CT until the very end of our meal !
Monday nights they do a mean Kariokee .
Well located whether you 're staying in the Quarter or the Warehouse district .
It also was soggy and did a nose - dive to the table when lifted .
Patio seating was spacious , looking out to the street / Gulch area and they have heated outdoor lamps there .
The restaurant is very clean and decorated nicely .
I find it as an insult to person who cooked the food .
$ 5 beer and $ 4 bottled water .
In fact , that is part of the reason we love you so much .
The desserts did n't arrive for another 10 minutes .
They did not serve veal , only pork and chicken .
This dish was also very good ; the tuna was cooked exactly to order .
Ordered the chicken and the dessert .
Very nice group effort in that regard .
AND spectacular cocktails ...............
The food is your average run of the mill Irish bar food , but I think the main attraction is the atmosphere this place provides .
Alright , so this place is getting a bit of a bad rap and I 'm not sure why .
Atmosphere was wonderful !
The subs come in 3 sizes and even the " small " is quite large .
The food was nothing special ; honestly your run of the mill Mediterranean food .
The layout and atmosphere here is really nice too .
The portion was reasonable so that I did not feel like I was stuffing myself but actually celebrated the food .
Unfortunately this review is another victim of my not being able to remember the names of what we ordered .
The location is great , and it was n't crowded at all on the Sunday evening that I came .
Although the place got crowded rather quickly , my sushi was served in a very timely manner !
First tray was n't wiped down thoroughly , second was slightly damp .
Now , I did n't want to be rude so I decided to give it a go , maybe it was something else causing the smell .
Got a bottle of Torrontes and ordered the potatoes , octopus , and cipollini to share .
The only gripe I had ( and the reason I deducted 1 star ) is that the room service food was not that great .
I ordered the Gulf of Mexico bowl with chicken instead of shrimp .
Towels , sheets and blankets are clean but thin and scratchy .
On a Sunday around 11 , all the seats were taken and there was a small line .
everything from the buns to the ketchup is made in - house and has unique taste .
Then MM popped into my head .
My spinach wrap on my grilled cod was so fresh , I swear they just made it .
The food was really good but a bit pricey .
If I 'm gon na cheat ... this is the place I want to cave to !
Finally , the chicken quesadilla should have been labeled the gristle quesadilla .... more fat than actual meat ... yuck .
We had 4 normal meals with coffee & 2 sides the bill came up to $ 74 ! ! !
40 minutes after that , one hour since we sat down , she passed by and offered to check on our food for us .
I have visited Mucho Burrito over the years here in the Edmonton Area , but this location by far is troubled .
This place is where the former Pollo Loco used to be next to the launder - mat .
The people raving on how good this place is are just locals who have never had anything better .
Literally , I had NONE in my dish .
A very odd mix .
Food and drinks were really good !
The building is so charming , I really wanted to love this place .
it was a very filling burger , although i only had half of it .
A friend of mines from work had visited Penang and let me taste the food she brought to work the next day .
Its nice to have new hang within walking distance of my house .
I was charged for lettuce and tomato , but the server did n't make mention of that .
My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town .
Ca n't go wrong with a glass of sangria in the hot weather of Florida .
The other customers told me do n't bother ordering because I 've been waiting over 30 minutes .
Ca n't wait to go back again and try the Welsh rarebit .
When the food finally arrived it was hot and impressive in both taste and presentation .
They said the driver was on his way .
The portions at Harry and Izzy 's are quite large .
I ca n't believe my wife and I had to toss this in the trash and look for other food .
It 's pricier than the cupcakes , but oh .
It is a tiny place , with only Sam - an old Japanese man - working behind the counter .
3 ) The coffee was not good .
My fiance loved his food though but he 's from New Jersey , I 'm from the South so I know southern food .
Server Drew was very good , ca n't complain one bit about the service .
My friend and I came here around 2 pm on a Monday .
Overall , this place would be great to go late late night , as they 're open until 3 am during the weekend .
the food looked like it had been out for a long time , the meat was dried out , so was most of the stuff we had .
The service was also very good , attentive without hovering .
This was on a Wednesday night , so I ca n't imagine what it 's like on weekends .
Hubs got the Philly cheesesteak which was good too .
Crowds vary by the time and day you go , but quiet or crowded , it 's an interesting " bistro " type place .
As for the food , that 's what left me disappointed .
I really wanted to love the food here , but it just was n't good .
It was nice and convenient , located very close to my wife 's work .
No one knows the hotel policies or amenities and I got a different answer every time I asked a question .
Having heard a lot of good things about Limoncello we thought we 'd give it a shot .
Cooked veggies and mashed potatoes on the side , it was perfectly cooked and everything went perfect with the next thing .
Well - played , sir .
Jenna and Noel exhibited the perfect example of impeccable service and genuine hospitality .
It was a good come down from the shrimp cocktail .
An employee came to the door and said " we ran out of dough and we did n't make anymore . "
We tried to order something else on the menu but we gave up and went somewhere else to eat after .
Enjoyed my fish out at a sidewalk table .
The butter chicken had awesome spices and the naan was soft .
And if all of the above was n't enough like too idiots we walked to Café du Mond for coffee and beignets .
After waiting nearly 20 minutes our waiter returned requesting our order , as she sat down menus ..
Cyrano 's is definitely on my short - list of places to visit next time I 'm in town !
We loved this place so much , we hired them to cater our baby shower party .
He even gave us a free gift because it was our first time visiting .
One of my favorite restaurants in Reno .
This place was dead as a doornail for midweek lunch , and it should n't be .
The most amazing thing about this restaurant is our waiter Gary .
I stopped by and got a vegan chicken salad wrap and it was really great .
Bit of a wait but very good .
So , we took a 10 minute drive from Reno to neighboring Sparks .
Fried dill pickles complimented the Arrogant Bastard and Cold Snap my husband hD.
The portions were rather small and one of the burgers was over - cooked .
One dissapointing part though ..
I got the shrimp and grits , my boyfriend got the jerk chicken .
We ordered the bone marrow , sword fish ceviche , farmers salad and cicharrones .
The last few times I 've been to Gianna 's they have n't had any dessert :( No dessert makes the baby jesus cry .
If this place was in the South , it would be okay at best .
The food was n't the best very average - the cheese dip w/ the pretzels was funny tasting ..
It 's somewhat loud in here and I imagine as the night goes on it 's louder .
Was n't even offered a apology for the wait !
Though it looks unassuming from the exterior , and the interior is nothing to write about , the food here is amazing .
The string beans were fried in stale tasting oil and the boss wo n't admit it had a bad taste to it .
We were very happy to hear that Tuesday is in fact Boozeday , which means happy hour specials until 11 !
Do n't mistake that for disappointment , though , because these tomatoes were also delicious .
I waited in total for an hour and 30 minutes just to be lied to .
The view is amazing , the dining room is practically over the water ! !
Staff is very accommodating and friendly .
The appetizer we tried was the roti canai and it was like watered down indian food with barely any chicken in it .
This place was ok , it definitely did n't blow my mind .
The interior of the roll was slightly mushy ( not quite perfect . ) But the mix of vegetables was savoury and generous in portion .
There were 20 in our party for dinner and we only had one waiter .
The person receiving the jambalaya is bald so it had to have come from the kitchen .
Then we sit ourselves at the table of our choosing .......
The place was still busy & filled up , but we were seated within a few minutes .
Atmosphere was dark and uninteresting .
* The shrimp roll is amazing .
Everything was fresh and I was impressed with the food as I had never been here before .
I 've never been to a bar that is so disrespectful to customers .
Glad that Kanella just opened .
The texture of the catfish was perfect .
Every time I 'm in town to visit they take us here and I 'm not complaining !
Most of us had the woodstock burger ( bacon , cheese , ketchup ) , and we all loved it !
Quite possibly some of best the Asian cuisine I have ever had and my God what a cheap eat .
However once we got our food and drinks soon realized this place was great !
I enjoyed the experience and do n't know why everyone else is so unhappy with the restaurant .
We got cornbeef special hoagies and fried pickles .
It 's was okay service was a bit on the interesting side as the person was new .
bay area ... This place does not cut the grade ...
We drove by this place and decided to check it out .
Our server came by once more to pick up what was left of our food but left before we could ask for our checks .
the quality of food and service was superb .
Others in my party had the spinach n mushroom as well as the drunken chicken .
There are four sauces on the table .
Hands down best Indian in the Philadelphia area .
My wife had shrimp and grits , I had the barbecued shrimp -- both were outstanding .
All the out of towners I have introduced to Imo 's have enjoyed Provel 's ooey - gooeyness .
Again , all the dishes were outstanding - the eggplant , carrot and vegetable salads .
Not really rude but gave us that kind of service that lets you know your not welcome .
After about an hour and 20 minutes ( so double the stated wait ) , they finally come out with my box of chicken and such .
Mind you , we sat down at 8:20 for our reservation .
The honey mustard sauce was the best ever ( the reason for the two stars ) the sweet chili sauce was n't sweet ? ? ?
We visited this place because of its location on the wharf , and because my husband loves seafood .
Also , very nice ambiance .
I thought that the cream sauce might have been overpowering at first , but it actually went really well with the pork chop .
I just wish they would 've spread them out a little bit better .
The delay was annoying , but her rudeness was unacceptable .
We had the German town west Benny , an eggs Benedict with smoked salmon , and the bananas foster pancakes .
We were both unimpressed but what leads me to leaving a 1 star review is what ensued after eating from here .
One of the owners ( I think I 've only met one of the owners ) is the sweetest and happiest woman .
Only thing that could have made them a bit better would to be a little more chilled .
The restaurant is small but meticulous .
We ordered wings , onion rings , and drinks .
We tried some of the craft beer - the porter was very good .
My brother in law got the fish and chips and said it taste fresh and was cooked well .
The squash were just a tad bland and needed salt but the beans were really flavorful .
My wife and I were extremely disappointed with the taste of the steaks , esp with the price tag that came along .
Sorry to say this has been my last time .
And there 's a parking lot !
Only came here since it was featured in US Weekly magazine as one of Taylor Swift 's favorite places .
Food is fabulous , bananas fosters was real good .
Pleasant experience .
Prices were also very good .
Liked the atmosphere .
Thanks Yelp for introducing me here .
We ordered the charcuterie plate and the brussels sprouts for appetizers and they were both great .
The bartender ducked into the kitchen , came back , and assured me that a fresh order of catfish was being made for me .
We had al pastor , chicken and asada tacos . They have different authentic hot sauces that were really good too .
When we got through and left about 12:30 PM , the line was still about 50 - 75 feet down 21st Avenue .
Only after we received our food did we understand they had already ordered and still did not have their food !
Each small cup was basically $ 6 , but it was close to the Casino so I guess those are tourist prices .
Despite all the trouble finding the place , I was impressed with the restaurant layout / views of the river .
I was struck by the characters that lined the walls in this small , old time deli .
We ordered 6 hots , 2 of each and each sugar mix and 2 of the fancys they had which where spicy pb and j.
After the food came out we still had nothing to drink so we asked the manager if we could get some water and we ate .
Ca n't believe I have n't tried Chipotle until today !
The food made me sick .
He said there was very little apple compote , which would have made it better and when I tried it I thought the meat was bland .
Now my biggest let down of the meal ...
The bar is beautiful too - drinks were delicious .
It was very crowded because of the basketball .
the location is pretty good , especially if you 're a newbie and you do n't ever want to leave the quarter .
They were in a large pile on a makeshift grill , looking pretty limp and sad .
:/ Truly a sad day because we love date nights at The Rusty Pelican to reminisce .
We ordered numerous appetizers including , fried gnocchi , calamari , garlic pizza bread , fried zucchini .
Incredibly greasy and please do n't tell me it is because it is Cajun food .
From the aprons , to the decorations , to the to go containers ... she spares no expense .
My friend , however , assured me that the offerings were close to the real deal .
The kitchen was more than accommodating and gave us a whole platter of delicious battered shrimp .
Kuddos to Chef Liz ... her spicy creole mustard on the fried oyster roast beef sandwich was amazing ! ! ! !
Pretty big pieces of lobster .
The only good thing we had was seared tuna .
Seriously the sweetest gal .
This food place is near my work and the fellow employees frequent there .
When I order a second one the bar tender had changed and I got a traditional old fashion ... almost missed the first one !
The portion size was larger than I expected and very affordable .
I had to unwrap burrito and eat with fork , , , , ,
Pulled pork ?
The salad was a fantastic touch .
They refused to comp my food and tried to deliver it 2 hours after I placed the original order .
Lastly , we were ready to go and our server spent at least 10 mins chatting at another table so I could n't get our check .
Casual low key dining .
I ordered a small roast beef point with gravy and small French fry .
We had breakfast here after finding it on yelp and we were n't disappointed !
Someone at my table ordered the gnocchi .
It was good ; the standout on this dish was the calamari .
A great little place to eat in and the only sushi place to order delivery from .
Love the food here.we have never ever got oily bad food from here.it has always been great .
The chef goes home at 9 pm .
The pineapple was also thick cut and grilled .
Seasoning was unexpected but overall tasted ok .
Every time I 'm in there the owners are there working extremely hard .
The food was meh .
For our entrees : One friend got the rib eye , it was undercooked .
( If they have air conditioning here , it definitely was n't on ... ) .
The customer service was refreshing and the food was fresh with every bite .
For almost $ 6 I got a combo platter which included : fried rice , sweet plantains , bourbon chicken and honey glazed chicken .
The fresh brewed tea was so good too .
The other two friends ordered curry .
The handsome waiter was professional .
Wings over broadway use to be my favorite wing stop in Tucson until recently when we ordered 16 boneless wings .
Normally I love everything about ' feine , but I had a really bad experience there today that made me have a change of heart .
It was too sour to finish .
For our meals , I chose the Kentucky hot brown , and my partner got their Villiage burger .
Waiter 2 brought us a water and coffee after another 20 minutes and said our order was good .
The I 've cream was ok , the cookie was n't very good and the fudge was awful !
Nothing special about any of the components on their own .
For the prices and the Brennan 's reputation , we expected much more .
OK , the beer was awesome which probably enhanced my food experience .
His home is a pleasant 2 block walk from the ferry station .
Everything is sparkly and glittery , and the smells are divine .
We ordered a large pizza , thin crust which after adding toppings it was a bit pricey for pizza .
The servers were great ... I've been here a few times and I 'd come back !
We 've always had good experiences .
This was our first time trying this pizza .............. and our last !
I am not sure if I like this as much as the one from tortilla grille , but they 're totally different so it 's hard to compare ...
I fed myself and three other people for under $ 40 .
I was so happy with my experience here .
I wish I had read the other yelp sunday reviews before going there because they are absolutely correct .
The hostess is great also - ask her for recommendations she 's very passionate about the food there and is really funny / nice .
Atmosphere : The craziness going on around you in Reading Terminal depends on the day and time of day that you go .
The guacamole is not fresh but ok ...
I think they tried to compesate with sugar , but it just tasted like sweetened sauce made from rotten tomatos .
It makes navigation difficult ( esp .
We had a party of 12 .
We found the info about this place on Pinterest .
Our waitress stacey was really nice and covered the cost of the puzza .
It tastes like cheap lunch meat .
This little restaurant can be summed up pretty easily with two words ; overpriced and mediocre .
Louis is stealing my soul ....
The set up inside is kind of awkward to order .
Most of all we spent a lot of time catching up with old friends , and we never felt hurried .
Ca n't wait for the new locations , you guys have a great thing going here !
The service was really great and our server was very professional but friendly and personable .
The cook who criticized my food choice earlier in the week gave me a condescending smile from the kitchen .
After we stated we had n't , she proceeded to call the manager again and check on our food .
Also loved the decor and Arabic music is a plus ....
Went with some of my family last week .
The sauce is sweet and spicy .
We even found out that one was on his second day of training and you absolutely could not tell .
Every time I saw the waitress , which was n't often , she said it was on it 's way out .
And I pass it on the way home from work , so it 's alway tempting !
All in all the place was better than average .
That thought never crossed my mind here !
Servers were all kind and patient .
The service was great , the staff was welcoming and very friendly .
The food was pretty good with exception to the ham ; pictured was a ham steak and I got cooked lunch meat .
I had a kedegree platter for brunch , and the rice was seasoned full of life and the veggies and fish were both extra fresh !
I guess I just want the restaurant / delivery driver to at least feign recognition by saying , " yo , that took a long time !
It bothers me that every time I go buy one he asks me if I 'm in a bad mood and makes fun of me .
Place is great ! !
And at a great price ...
The noodles and tea that they give to the table are sooooo good .
Waiter was smarmy , unattentive and ill trained .
The decor is very tasteful and the bar area is very classy .
I read from other reviews that the ritolo was a must try and indeed it is a must try .
Thankfully my kids did n't get sick .
The restaurant always crowd every weekend , so it 's super loudly in there .
The restaurant is beautiful .
I had to get my own plates , sauce bowls and napkins , they bought out two glasses but did n't bring my son one .
I was the only car waiting .
The place does n't take cash .
This is my favorite neighborhood restaurant to go to .
The rest of the time she tried to ignore me for no particular reason .
LAYOUT : Being from baltimore , we wanted to watch the 1 pm game a / g Pittsburgh .
Good golly Miss Molly this was some good eats !
I noticed the crepes iron and asked about it .
His chicken was " ok , " but not crispy on the outside like parm should be .
huge pho is huge and delicious ! ! !
We came here on a rainy weekday with my daughter , and it was a perfect way to kill a few hours .
It was a bit of a splurge to have one shipped to me , but so worth it .
I was beyond impressed with the food and the service
it is n't the kind of heat that just burns your mouth .
I ca n't wait to return and sample the variety of risotto .
However , the mild was , in fact , extremely mild .
I loved the paper straws .
All the food was great .
We did so and ordered the fried green tomatoes and the cornbread .
I like the stuff , but it was overboard .
I used the mobile app , the bill was for $ 31 and I asked a friend to pick it up .
it 's a Friday or Saturday evening and they are already extra busy .
Here on vacation , we were walking off from the beach and noticed this tiny little steakhouse .
The coffee was fresh and the restroom was clean , which is always a nice touch .
Their pizza was just as good .
The jazz musicians rotated through the rooms every half hour so everyone got the experience .
Also the margaritas- well they 're big and they 're strong .
Most towns have a good little donut place , in the case of Bridgeport that 's Suzy - Jo !
Again , just not my personal fave .
I adore the blueberry and mint iced tea that they make there , it is the best .
Jerusalem Bagel : these are words you need to know .
It took 3 people and 20minutes to ring me up for 2 freakin'gift cards .
Came in for breakfast .... back to back ! ! ! !
-The burger is ridiculously fresh .
It worked out well because we were able to raise funds and she was able to bring in business as well .
The toppings were really fresh and the crust was amazing !
I also liked that these beignets are made to order , so they come to you piping hot !
They clearly did n't want our business anyway .
The server was super friendly and speedy too !
My hubby and a handful of the group had the espresso rubbed steak and loved it .
So do n't get me wrong , but as a gluten - free person , it 's a real dissapointment .
I had a mango margarita ( I tried it both on the rocks and blended ) and it was absolutely delicious !
Got the vegan bowl and my sister got the vegan burrito with siracha cauliflower in it(the best tasting cauliflower by the way ) .
I think they must have had some kitchen issues because we were n't the only table .
The spinach salad was huge , even for two people to split , and the crab cake starter was average .
Service was a little slow but we were n't in a rush .
It tasted like lobster bisque .
I went with my brother early evening , and got two hot wing boxes .
I have to say that the NY strip steaks and rib eye were very very good and cooked perfectly ( medium rare and medium ) .
The food I had ( brisket ) was mediocre at best , maybe it had been sitting under lamps all day ?
Service is fast and server was extremely polite .Amazing & awesome food experience ! !
The crème brûlée is pretty good too .
The vibe is very quaint and cute .
I liked how they let you customize the bowls on the menu .
My wife had the avocado toast and thought it was great as well .
You chose an appetizer , two entrees , and a dessert for $ 30 .
The food I ca nt comment on much .
Perfect start to a night of fun ! !
The only thing I liked was their gyoza ... now that was good !
while Charlie and i eat , we complain and try to enjoy the decent food .
Two of us ended the night throwing up an hour after eating here .
Steaks were seasoned perfectly and grilled exactly how we asked .
The wings are cooked to perfection ...
My boyfriend had the filet mignon and did n't really even finish it .
It was not busy , not another table was seated in our room .
They did not indicate if the text message we would receive would be free .
this was our 3rd time there .
It was made with a lot of love .
The kids had m&m 's and the marshmallow waffles , two more great choices .
I ordered the rainbow roll , white tuna roll , calamari and chicken lettuce wraps .
I have to start by saying that I 'm so sad I had not heard about this place sooner !
Everything was also very customizable - we could get the mayo on the side and we asked for extra jalapeños and candied ginger .
We left after 10 minutes because children were none stop screaming and splashing
This was my first time here and I had a horrible experience .
The spring rolls were authentic and the peanut sauce was great .
I tried the hamburger via the Bartenders suggestion and it was very tasty indeed !
Everything about this place is amazing the donuts are excellent and defiantly the best I have ever had .
The pasta salad was different , but really good !
The pork was fine , but the roll just average and the gravy was awful .
My favorite is the Manhattan , which I am very picky about , they have never let me down .
When she came by she asked if we had talked to the manager .
Their sandwiches come on french bread , and they are HUGE .
They had a nice selection of items on the menu .
It took a while to get drinks , all of which were served in plastic cups .
They did a large tasting event and it was a perfect way to choose appetizers and entrees as well as decor .
They even hassled my date and other people sitting at our table just because I did n't have my ID .
Nothing on the platter was spectacular or really even all that good .
I had a dinner meeting here on Tuesday night .
The owner of the restaurant was extremely nice and took a genuine interest in his customers .
Is n't that the sign of a good meal is that you wear it on the front of you ?
The menu was short ; there was very little to choose from , hardly anything for vegetarians .
The live music was a great addition and really makes this place feel like home .
He said no , he knows great pizza and this was a great pie !
I dined there last night with a group of friends , and I was blown away !
I was surprisingly not pleased about Maynard 's after reading all the decent reviews I expected a lot more .
There gorditas are awesome too .
I do n't know about all of the staff but those I interracted with most ( bartenders and night security ) were awesome .
It was a smaller portion , so I did n't feel super stuffed , but it was filling .
My burger was phenomenal ! , I went with a group of 6 and everyone loved there food and it was fairly priced .
We ordered oysters anyway , on the bill they came out cheaper than our ice teas !
Having grown up in San Diego , I 'd like to think I know Mexican food pretty well .
I think they freeze them and as a result they are always a little hard .
I was amazed by every dish and so was my entire party .
There are dining options here , but we only came to play .
A beet salad starter which Brit and I shared .
We wandered into Slate because the wait for brunch at Day by Day was longer than we were willing to wait .
They were very busy that day , so it took a while for us to get served , but again , not enough of an issue to deduct a star .
I live in arizone but make a point of stopping here any time I am within an hour away .
very good seafood , very fresh , ate here three times on two different visits to S.B.
and with the juice " on , absolutely delicious !
It was n't too crowded ( I went in the AM ) and the healthy options were great .
The kids menu was not posted online so I asked the lady who answered for the kids menu .
it took over 25 min for the rolls to come out , and we never got our veggie tempura ! ! !
My first visit and my last .
I would n't recommend it because there are just too many better places to go !
Just great sea food , sour dough bread was great !
The service was prompt and friendly and the location great .
Bad move , OTB .
The veggie melt is very good too .
The bagel itself was touted as being a New York style bagel , as per the sign on the window other store info .
The drinks do n't look as dressed up in person as it does in the photos , but they are good !
The food is delicious and addicting .
Kid 's cheeseburger was ok .
We ordered 2 rolls , a crunch roll and a shrimp tempura roll .
I ordered orange juice for my kids and waited till we were almost done eating then finally got the juices .
Nice big chunks of meat .
We always go on Saturday nights and have never had to wait for a spot at the bar .
I loved the fries and the food , the waiter was extremely cool .
I chose the Asiago burger .
Starting with the roti appetizer , there was literally one piece of potato and one piece of chicken that was mostly bone .
I have no idea about the nightclub as I have never been but I have heard many a stories about this place .
Malbec glass of wine was perfect .
Cherry soda , was good , ( at least ) .
However the last time I went there was for my birthday last year and the service was horrible .
The restaurant itself is very nice & relaxing .
The queso was SO good ... I filled up on that before we got our main dish .
I made a dinner reservation for 5 because it was Mother 's Day weekend and our play started at 730 .
Pretty good location , but the food was n't good at all .
It was good , the cali roll was good and the ginger dressing was ...
When we had breakfast we were still on Irish time , so we were able to get a table .
I ordered a quart and they gave me a pint which was disappointing .
I wish I could remember her name , because she was really great .
" Hey , I think the train is coming " I said .
The only reason I 'm withholding that 5th star is because of some service issues .
Prices were surprisingly reasonable .
( The price of the fish , compared to the price of the class .
The worst cake ever at our first visit to this neighborhood bakery .
A special thanks again to Chris !
In a city with so many great options , wo n't be back .
There are definitely other places I 'd be more willing to drop $ 10 at in Philly .
I had the vegan Alfredo bowl today , made with zoodles ( zucchini noodles ) which I have to say was n't as amazing as I had hoped .
They were served swimming ( no pun intended ) in a delectable buttery / spicy sauce , which was truly amazing .
We sat for ten minutes without acknowledgement and were finally greeted by the frantic manager .
Co worker and I visited the location near Providence Rd in Brandon on today .
The veggies were well seasoned and cooked .
There were some items we really wanted so we just decided to order off the regular menu .
The service when eating in the restaurant was really slow and not really all that attentive .
His beef about his sandwich ( no pun intended ) was that there was more bread than meat .
For our main course I had the grilled beef vermicelli and my girlfriend got the shrimp salad .
:) Thank you for the pleasant lunch- we will return , and hope that others will , too !
But ... take it to the bridge !
Kung pao chicken had too much oil in it & lots of peanuts , but only a few pieces of chicken & veggie .
We shared a piece of cheesecake that melted in your mouth .
Zen Yai is a tiny place , which is both good and bad .
The zucchini sticks were good and I liked the size , they were more like a big French fry size which made them easier to share .
They were all super friendly and did n't give attitude when we asked for more of something which is always a plus haha .
( I have a general rule about spending over $ 10 on lunch . ) But good lord .
The dippind sauce from the goyoza was fab on the white fish , too !
Got the special -- mole chicken .
The space itself was very neat , with large downstairs and upstairs dining areas .
Got the Shakshouka which smelled amazing and was hearty and rich , especially since I opted for the additional sausage .
Ingredients are so fresh and most of all , their tortillas are sooo good !
The waiters are very friendly and attentive , and service is quick .
There was hardly any pastrami and the cheese was n't melted .
It was n't busy and I did n't understand why they just did n't put the fountain machines in the lobby like a normal restaurant ?
Truly authentic mexican and they recently moved from Houston as well so I knew I was at the right place .
Lamb sliders were also great and so were the fries , and the drink selection was also amazing .
I have to write an update because I 've been hearing some really nasty things about the diner part of this restaurant .
The Taco Bell does n't even show up on the Taco Bell restaurant locator -- I checked their website afterward .
This restaurant is a nice place to go and sit down to have something to eat .
Seasons Cafe is a cute little place in a minimall off Gandy .
When we arrived there were only two other tables of patrons and a handful of people at the bar .
My 2nd fav restaurant in the city .
It was like 2 day old ribs that they just heated up .
To top off our fabulous night the owner , Ken , kept coming into our room and pretty much was trying to flirt and hug everyone .
We ordered the seafood soon dubu .
My mom recommended this place as she says it 's her favorite .
The fries were cooked perfect .
Most people had their leftovers sitting on the floor .
This morning we all decided to eat at farmer boys !
Everyone was pleased with their choices .
I did n't take more than a few bites .
There was a band playing that night , and our table was close by .
Honestly , some of the reviewers are super offensive .
Very disappointed tasted like licorice and baking soda cooking powder .
The food was amazing , my wife had the Taco Sombrero and I had the Chimichanga .
This restaurant gets its name from the fresh olive bread they serve - which is wonderful !
Overall it was good but SUCH a sugar bomb .
The place is family run , and very friendly .
The thing is , I was there with a group , and they have this annoying policy where they refuse to do split checks .
So inexpensive , and for all healthy food .
Nothing extraordinary , but it tasted like a home cooked meal .
The tacos were delicious ( albeit not nearly as amazing as Tacos el Gordo ) .
We ordered the rib dinner , pork on a bun , Mac n cheese , baked beans , and cole slaw .
Were n't ready at the first attempt to take our orders and the second attempt was a pretty good while after that .
I drove away ( my mistake ) and noticed when I got home that my drink was wrong , I received no napkins and no plastic ware .
Most recently , I was there for happy hour/ Bastille day French trivia .
Now , the few positives : the jerk chicken was tasty , and the johnny cakes moreso .
Price was very good .
Hands down , a really good place to eat !
Now let 's get down to the food it was delicious .
Next we had the shrimp and tuna tartar .
Portions - sashimi is super small , the rolls were 4 - 6 pcs depending
( Berry Farms ) Tried it on a whim because it is close to my home .....
The ambience is pretty decent too .
One time we came the waitress kept practicing her Spanish with my mom , who speaks very little English .
Went in one day and I 'm glad I did .
The first time I showed up I was told they were closed for a Spring Spruce up and would be open on the 11th .
There was n't really any " how 's your meal ; can I get you anything else , etc . "
Not room for dessert , but we did enjoy the complimentary limoncello shots to cap the meal .
We ended with a kind of tortilla soup / puree of sorts .
The ambiance of Ralph 's is " old world " Italian and I feel like Skinny Joey Merlino or Nicky Scarfo could walk in at any time .
Ca n't go wrong on this place .... don't hesitate !
( Sent as the entire wax - packed cheese wheel as one waitress said .
Much to my surprise , I discovered a new spot in North Wilmington .
We came for a Sunday brunch , and the place is amazing .
The rice mixed with the chana masala seemed to be my favorite .
Came about 7 on a Saturday night ( 7 July 2018 ) after attending a wedding in town .
Fresh fruits and veggies right as soon as you enter the store and the section was awesomely huge !
it was pretty dark in there and i was too lazy to tackle that part of the menu .
On a beautiful day it 's nice to sit outside .
My wife and I loved everything about this diner .
it is n't perfect by any means , but I was really impressed with how fresh and delicious mist of the food was .
Our nameless server took our drink order but did n't mention the new ones on the board .
We opted for the chocolate lava cake for dessert , which was the only thing worthwhile .
Did n't get one of the tables facing the windows , but still had great views of the sunset and city by night .
I have been to this Wawa many times and it is consistently clean and well stocked .
Service : may have been the most annoying part .
Chocolate glaze was very rich and I do n't like too rich so it was n't for me but the banana split was delicious .
This was my first time dining at Ava and I enjoyed most of it .
The meals did not come with any sides and if you did want sides they were about $ 10.00 .
He 's a great guy .
I have nt had such a delicious potato patty since my aunt passed away yeeeaars ago , it was so good tears were pretty close .
My first impression was underwhelming ...
However , the staff was extremely friendly , prompt , and attentive .
My hubs and I just enjoyed a Margarita pizza , and a slice of their banana cream pie .
It is WAY overpriced , and the food was n't even good .
There were n't a lot of specialty rolls , but that is ok .
It was quite tasty although I 'm not sure how much liquor was in it .
Only thing I do n't like is the horrible yellow lights they have above the seating area outside !
Left and went across the street to Applebees and had a great meal with great service .
The second instance they literally said , " O we have your pizzas going to another house .
It was well made and light .
We have dined at Avalon a handful of times including the Downingtown Boro one when it was open .
The staff was fun and it seemed like the group comes there for the Kariokee .
The soup was pretty good , the crab cakes were so - so and the ravioli with 3 shrimp on the side were also good .
My boy 's are picky eaters and they loved the pizza .
Not even any space to stand in the bar area , so very uncomfortable .
Really great meal and service was very good !
We came at a bit of an off time but had exceptional service .
My dining companion and I ended up at Three Muses by complete accident .
It 's on the bench or to go .
The staff is very good and attentive .
What a fun experience .
The coffee was great .
Last night , this was not the case .
The tasting menu is your best bet .
It 's a drive , but well worth it .
Huge mistake .
Unfortunately they did n't have a gallon to sell me ! ! !
The pad Thai was spicy as I requested it , the taste was not as desire - able .
Prices were excellent too !
The ONLY thing I dislike , and do n't understand , is how bad the service is !
I was disappointed with the food .
The food was n't very impressive , nor was the service .
If I had had an Italian grandmother ( or one who cooked at all ) , I 'd expect that this little place would feel a lot like home .
There was a small crab claw in each one , from a small snow crab and contained no meat .
We are both accomplished cooks , and both learned a lot and totally loved the class .
I 'm not kidding when I say it 's the best chicken fettuccine alfredo I 've ever had .
The broccoli side I ordered .... literally 4 small florets of broccoli .
The perfectly cooked and seasoned greens are delicious .
Such a wonderful and friendly staff ! !
Our entrees were great and the Indian bread sampler was delicious .
Luckily , my dad let me have a little of his and I was so glad he did , because his half of the pizza was much better than mine .
Husband had chile verde ...
Pizza is cut in aquares , like Imos and the bacon was laid on top .
My wife had the white beans and cold slaw really good much better than my Mac and cheese and potatoe salad .
And did I mention the cost !
I read nothing but incredible things and I was not disappointed leaving after our meal last night .
My friend had a soup , which looked and smelled absolutely amazing , and at $ 6 it did n't seem too unreasonable .
Oysters on the half shell , pâté , Half price champagne !
The basmati rice was perfectly cooked , each grain was separate and fluffy .
The vegan pecan turtle bar was by far the BEST vegan baked good I have ever consumed .
Just went here for breakfast .
It 's a restaurant where you can eat at the bar but you do n't feel like you 're at a bar .
I never knew this place was here .
I have only ever gotten take - out at the Bridgeport Rib House , so I can only comment on that .
There Indian tacos are really good as are there regular tacos ! !
As for the chicken , they do not lie to you .
Me and my cousin ordered two chicken wing platters .
From the drinks , to the bread , to the main course everything was great and seasoned perfectly .
I loved the hummus .
Even in the relentless week of rain , this area is stunningly beautiful !
It was all good , nothing stood out as the best thing I have eaten .
Crescent city is not the answer your are looking for :(
We liked all three of these dishes .
Muriel 's is worthy of carrying that torch !
Now , what kind of place does that ?
We ordered our food which was reasonably priced , asked for sour cream and also to put cheese on the taco .
This reservation was confirmed again the night before the reservation ( w Carla ) .
Recommended if ur in the area and u want a nice relaxing chill sit down place to eat standard american fare .
We felt pretty ripped off with brunch , though the live music was awesome .
My only problem with the place was the noise .
We are still improving and alot has to be done .
Got the calamari , it was good .
Conscientious and attentive staff .
My better half loved the guacamole and I thought the mole chicken drumettes were fantastic .
It is not the cheapest place but I do feel you get what you pay for and the ambiance is warm and nice .
He 's very knowledgable about the wine selection .
Downside is that just like almost everywhere else down here , they allow smoking .
I also purchased tiramisu ( my absolute favorite dessert that usually no one can mess up ) but it was freezer burnt and hard ! ? !
You could 've rolled us out of there after our 5 - course meal !
Solid restaurant ; tho there are others we 'd choose .
And you should have seen how happy the little boy was .
It was dry and flavorless .
The waitress opened with " everything is made fresh to order " .
I 've done dine - in and carry - out , no complaints either time .
The flourless chocolate cake was really good .
The margaritas are fabulous , and there 's an outside bar with heaters above the bar -- absolutely heaven in January / February .
The apps we ordered came out at rapid speed and tasted fine .
The decor was really nice and the bar setup was really cool .
This was not a single experience either .
;-) Parking is a little difficult , I found ...
After letting them know they did let us have the burgers for free .
Hubby complained it was a bit pricey - i never care about paying for good food & ambience .
Price is not bad , but then again the selection also felt limited too , compared to other places I 've been .
A group of five went late in the evening and experienced poor service .
I 've been here several times as well as the one in Ballwin .
Plus , once again , I 'm proud to say that I enjoyed the provel cheese on this dish !
I had to write an order after coming here a couple of times because this place is just terrible .
His wife had the tilapia and she did not eat it at all !
Both of our drinks were empty but she had never come back to ask if we wanted more to drink .
I got the mac and cheese skillet and the short rib grilled cheese .
Not a good place to have a conversation .
the coffee , the donuts , the cheeseburger slider , the service- ALL amazing !
This place is americanized and unauthentic .
We were meeting up with friends we had not seen in a while and it was unfortunate to be rushed out after only an hour .
I was simply concerned for whose dish that was being handled .
Also , they have some really unique rolls ( my favorite is the Orange Dragon ...
The bar staff was very knowledgeable and will help you make a decision if your not a connoisseur .
My order was ready when I got there and I just paid and left .
The fried egg rolls are delicious by my favorite dish is the shrimp pho .
I can only speak for myself , so first of all , all of our food came out HOT , the buns are made in - house and were delicious .
Even the burger lover had to either cut it into half or dissemble it .
Asked for sauce .
Sauce sucked , lettuce brown , long wait , expensive , and just dry and tasteless .
Impressed with the speed and serving size , and left rather satisfied !
Love the 8 pc nugget .
We both got the smoked duck salad , and split the rapini bruschetta and white bean dip , accompanied by Peeper ale .
A totally serviceable meal and ambiance that was exactly what I was looking for .
I ordered the French toast cinnabon thing which was fine .
I had the grilled beef bahn mi and it was excellent .
Thanks Tria for rocking my world .
The unlimited lunch buffet is 8.95 ca n't complain being on state street is a premium cost .
Oh and they have strawberries on top .
The creamed spinach was good , but the mac n cheese was kind of dry and bland ( disappointing since it was an upcharge ) .
They were offering a few Brooklyn Brew drafts , and since that 's one of my favorite beers , I was a happy camper .
The food & desserts were fantastic .
Not too impressed with the food though .
Very impressed with this place , particularly the menu ( amazing ) and the food .
I ordered take out , so I can not comment on the service but to say that everyone was exceptionally polite .
There is a slim chance I 'll come back since there are 3 other Chinese buffets in the area that I prefer over Dragon .
I love this place , especially the cheese sticks !
The atmosphere and the food is just amazing : the beacon was just melting in our mouthes !
The service was great , drinks were refilled without asking , food came out quick etc .
In addition to their amazing and fresh produce , my favorite part about Ippolito 's is the menu .
First , the menu and prices on the website were different than what we were given in the restaurant .
I came in for dinner tonight , and immediately noticed the reclaimed wood door , wrought iron , and alternative rock playing .
I did not personally recognize many of the types and was hesitant to order a bottle for our table .
Management came out upon my request to give me a breakdown of the bill , especially since I could n't get itemized bill .
When I tried five times to call back nobody would answer the phone .
Very helpful and knowledgable about all the food and drinks .
Ate 1/2 of it a couple of hours later and it was a lot better .
most of the food is n't absolutely disgusting .
It 's my fave because so many dishes have been my go - to since the beginning .
I would n't have been able to keep that down to save my life .
I had the vegetable biryani .
The hibachi chef was well trained and knew all of the table show displays that are sometimes ignored .
Well , it did end up taking quite some time for our dinner , but we enjoyed our drinks , and really did n't mind .
Been here twice , and really did n't like it either time .
The decor inside was hip and trendy .
The building the restaurant is in looks massive and very modern .
She suggested several items , but the Chicken Comfort Bowl with bacon and jalapeños really stood out .
they got sandwiches and i had a feeling i should of got that too .
Most importantly , we were not very impressed with the beers my first visit and the same holds for the second visit .
We dined at Paradise Cafe on 12/2/11 , after having a bad experience at another restaurant ( Seagrass ) .
Came here on a day it was n't busy at all and they food was still on point !
We also had another female blonde waiting on us and she did a great job as well .
I also had the raw oysters that were medium sized and nice and salty .
I ordered the veggie bean burger and she asked how would I like it cooked- which was odd , but I added " medium please " .
The shrimp were flavorful and cooked well .
I got me a double char and choco shake at the goleta habit and it was as usual , delicious .
The appetizers came out before the cocktails , which I thought was odd .
Ordering here does n't take long and the food comes out quickly .
Second - the wine ! !
I just ca n't deal w/ second hand smoke , it makes me sick .
I had been planning to visit as I saw all of the positive reviews here and finally went for lunch yesterday .
He added the grilled chicken , and got 3 large boneless pieces .
My favorite song ... I Am , I Said .
Then all of a sudden she reapppeared pouring tea which she sloppily wasted on the table and my purse - no words or apology .
We could n't make up our minds on the burgers so we got two and each had a half .
It tasted like water ; absolutely no flavor whatsoever .
We got the halibut ceviche , which was very good but large !
Excellent food , great service ! !
I swiched after one night to the Hotel Intercontinental a REAL hotel ! ...
Bad ice cream .
All the workers assume every patron who comes at night is a drunk .
Everyone else was pretty underwhelmed with the experience .
Entrees ( bolognese and lasagne ) are too salty .
My friend & I came in half an hour before they closing and received excellent service without feeling rushed at all .
To me this was more of a garnish than true side and I did n't really like it .
These people must know what they are doing ...
Granted , overly sweetened cornbread , but c'm on it was glorious !
We had the tomahawk ! ! !
We had no wait time , again , because we came in off - hours , yet a few more customers did trickle in after us .
Now the meatballs are something you HAVE to get if you go to Ralph 's ! ! !
There were easily available seats at the bar .
The steak was completely well done even though I asked for medium rare .
This is probably my favorite Indian place in the city .
I have walked by this place many times and have never seen someone inside .
Just happened to be in the area again and decided to stop in for lunch ...
It 's a much try .
To add insult to injury the food made me ill .
I did have leftovers and I wanted to and did take them home .
The martinis were fantastic and the oysters were fresh , fresh , fresh !
I 'd never eaten any of those things before , so I was n't terribly sure what to expect , but I need n't have worried .
We closed the place down and then some !
The food was exceptional ; but , we our entire visit was 2 1/2 hours long .
This is at least the second time that I received an incorrect order at this location .
We also got a southern comfort mango slush to share , which was pretty good and felt solidly packed with alcohol .
It was n't full at that time but it filled up closer to noon .
This place is sad man .
Overall I was quite dissatisfied with my meal .
I saw a Family arrive , and the Waiter that sat us down help this family , taking their order and bringing them drinks .
The quality was great .
Had dinner last night in the Bistro , started with the seasonal morel pasta - outstanding ! ! ! !
First time I my life I left a zero tip .
Loved the service at Creole House , and the food was tasty too !
There were also premade eggs , biscuits , sausage , and such under a warm light as well .
Even the freshly made bread was piping hot and delicious .
I also went to another place in NM , same issue , and the owner was n't too concerned about this , big mistake .
When I first walked into this bakery , my senses were overwhelmed by all the different things going on at once .
Great happy hour in the hotel bar ! !
The staff was friendly and helpful !
It just seems like one part of the kitchen line screws it for the rest .
The chocolate cake was like any other .
We both ordered the coconut shrimp with fries .
A table next to ours did n't like their order and it was replaced with something else free of charge .
Just make sure your service number is visible I got distracted hid my number , and had to stop the guy looking .
We also got the free pesto breadsticks , yum !
My wife and I celebrating our 5 year Anniversary and had a Fantastic time .
This is the best Domino 's location !
I have to say that this place was a little underrated to me .
We did n't realize the time and were chatting away after closing time and the staff never made us feel rushed .
It 's a little expensive but it 's worth every penny .
Excellent food and very accommodating .
The duck fries were some of best fries I 've ever had .
Wife and I got the eggs Benedict .
This is our go - to takeout place .
The Mustard and Ginger Sauces were superb and I loved them a lot .
Weather permitting , it 's great to grab some HCV and eat it in Rittenhouse Square across the street !
Also , it was pretty hard to get in to ( we made reservations 5 days ahead of time and still had to settle for 5:30 pm ) .
There were quite a few olives in there and unfortunately I 'm not an olive fan , so ultimately I was n't able to finish the salad .
There are plenty of other Italian places in this city .
It 's a luxury to have guests coming in the door and the last thing you do is turn them away , especially like this .
A / C was not working properly that too was controlled from elsewhere and unable to cool room to our satisfaction .
Ohhh do n't forget to try their potato balls ... mmmmm ! !
The food arrived hot , fresh , and exactly to our specifications .
Definately a good lunch spot .
Great flavor and very saucy .
I ordered a spicy scallop roll , a salmon skin roll , and soft shell crab to split .
Right around the corner from where we live and we also go at least once a week ...
Value - you pay for the view .
Idk if it was the bourbon or lack of seasoning but it just was not good .
It was so good we had to come back twice and bring a friend .
Its better than dominos pizza .
They put they foot in ALL the food ! ! !
* side note- this place is not inexpensive .
Tre Scalini came up number 1 on Yelp !
Greasy and in Moorestown they do nt have a grill so they bring it from theback .
The chicken fingers were a bit over battered and dry .
The bar is really nice , being half indoors and half outdoors ( with a roof over ) .
The sauce , though a little oily , was flavorful and complex .
Best ... thing ... EVER !
The service was shotty , as we had to constantly ask for refills on our water and diet cokes .
The owner was more than helpful in accommodating such a large party .
And frankly , no wonder it was never recommended to us since the food here is nothing to write home about .
They took about 2 hours to deliver that mess .
Therefore , I ca n't say how grateful I am that a place like Cafe Deluxe is only 5 minutes away .
We also had greek wine and several deserts from the attached bakery .
Food came out not as ordered , tho was very good as it always is ...
The service was impeccable .
This is the pizza I get when I have friends come visit St.
Waited 15 minutes and the tenant came back .
I should 've bought one of the little houses !
I went to the buffet for a basic breakfast because it was close to the cafes price .
Laid back is the vibe I got , but they were so laid back we thought they simply forgot about us .
We come to this restaurant on a regular basis .
Love this place ... best hot dogs and chili dogs around ... i go here as many times as i can .. yum
She said okay , then we waited 5 more minutes and still no server came .
I would definitely come back for those empanadas because OMG they were delicious .
The waitress said the chef demands this .
My favorite was the lamb dish , there baklava was great too !
We had to track someone down to take our order and drink refills .
Cinco de mayo means margaritas and sangria and all things fried ...
Another 30 minutes passed , so we decided to leave .
He even gave us a free drink with our sandwich .
The noodles were very delicious with the pork and sauce all mixed in .
From the ride ass customer service to the cleanliness it 's just all around terrible .
They actually played ' Closing Time ' the other night - at 10:00 , when people were still coming in .
My husband picked up 2 acai bowls for me and our 2 year old son at the West Nashville location .
The cowboy beans were watery .
Extremely friendly and relaxed experience .
He was very nice explained to us some beers and offered to get us one while we waited for a table to open up .
They had the skins on them still which I am a huge fan for and they were seasoned very well .
If I did n't live on the opposite end of the FQ , I 'd be there more often .
I ordered French onion soup for appetizer , signature filet with two types of mash potatoes on the side , it was delicious !
Ok , I get that you do n't do carryout .
There # is 504 - 242 - 0573 to call for take out .
Worst food experience ( nightmare ) I 've ever had .
We have never had a bad experience here .
My husband loved the shredded pork tacos and I thought they were ok .
The second was warm and tasted better , but both batches were fairly dry and the portions were small .
I ca n't speak to the food but the coffee was excellent and the service left nothing to want .
My husband and I ordered the pasta with butternut squash , it was horrible .
I 've been there several times , picking different items each time .
Just so you know I was only trying to order a beverage how pathetic is that .
The pork tacos were great as was the pulled pork sando .
The fact that there is n't a menu is exciting !
Several minutes later the manager came by , offered the same lame story and offered to bring me something else .
( That was a pun like all up in yo business ) and if you do n't get it then it 's nacho business to ask me .
The bartender is also so friendly , and accommodating .
The wait staff is super attentive and friendly , even for the neighborhood .
Cons : the dough was frozen and the crust was thicker than most places .
The food was delicious , although a little pricey .
My wife and I usually go there three or four times a month , and do take out every couple of weeks .
We had about 10 bottles of booze on our tables we brought , and could n't get glasses after asking 3 different times .
It was a Friday night and the place was packed but we didin't wait that long to be seated ( approx .
Its has a really cool atmosphere , wish we could have stayed and played the corn hole game !
LOL , pretty impressive for a pizza brand .
So I inquired at the cash register if they were any Afro - American male wait staff and he said unashamedly " No . "
It was cooked perfectly and came with a choice of dipping sauces , we chose the horseradish sauce .
Actually gabbed a cheesesteak from next door and a drink from Marmont and sat at there outside tables .
- TAKE RESERVATIONS
and I knew I was in a magical place .
Made a quick stop from tour de America to have lunch .
Our lunch break was only a little under an hour .
I enjoyed lunch here so much we came back for dinner and got the same thing , could n't recommend it more .
It took some time to get our drinks and we had to remind him about our appetizer .
I am not a big food truck eater and after walking by I decided , eh why not ?
I grew up in the Tampa area , but would travel to Georgia frequently , and would always have great bbq up there .
Our grinders were hot , the cheese was melt - y and the flavors were great .
We had the arroz con pollo and shredded brisket ; they were both full of flavor .
Appetizer ( onion rings / zucchini combo ) was delicious .
We had the grilled fish & shrimp tacos .
Right next to the police station in the grand old state bank building -- almost missed it .
I know nothing about Vetri 's other restaurants , but I 'm checking them out next time I 'm in Philadelphia !
The positive - the building is beautiful .
The waitress had to go back and count up for her total and then come back and tell her how much the her portion was .
I ended up having the mashed potatoes on the plate - they were nothing special and I did n't eat them .
I wo n't be giving them another chance .
It 's pretty much almost downtown past the arch right off 70 so it was convenient .
It is very obvious that they were overwhelmed and did n't want to waste their time on a small order .
The food is good ... not great .
On top of that , the guy that served me , Craig , was super friendly and nice .
On top of that , there was a family with an elderly man in a wheel chair coming to dine here while we were eating .
Did n't get to try the Chocolate chip cookie but the concensus was that it 's delicious .
We mosied over here after a trip to the Broad Ripple Farmers Market on a Saturday afternoon .
Now , we know that it 's not the concern of a waiter to tell me to get off my phone or to inform me of anything .
Really great service .
The biscuits are so soft and buttery .
The veggie fried rice was decent as well -- no complaints .
The ambiance is cool .
My whole family loves this restaurant .
The pizza came to $ 7 .
She does n't return to our table .
The other half star for the following : The entire time the chef was cooking , she would pull her phone out and text .
I also tasted the birthday cake , which I enjoyed very much .
What an amazing find this little place is .
The under the sea omelette had lump crab meat , shrimp , brie , dill , bell pepper , and green onions .
I expected great food to come out and what I got was frozen seafood ! ! !
I could go on and on about all the choices here , but the best thing to say is that you ca n't go wrong with anything you order .
It 's a great place to come and hang out with friends .
Without a doubt , we 'll be back to check out the full deal and report our findings !
Very friendly staff and owner very welcoming .
The gauc and pickled veg are slightly citrusy and vinegary , but are contrasted by the bitterness of the arugula .
No but it was worth paying $ 13 for 3 rolls and very enjoyable .
Back to the chips , they are home made and were fantastic .
I was welcomed by the cashier who explained a few things to help make the visit informed .
There were two tables here and a few at the bar , not busy at all .
After asking for more water three separate times it finally arrived .
The poboy and the Boudreaux pizza are some of the best I 've ever had ! !
Omg , my favorite lunch spot around here !
Punkys is our " go to " place !
I ordered the combo vermicelli and was pretty disappointed .
I initially was going to let it go but her rudeness was leaving not a good feeling .
We ended up waiting for 15 minutes and still , non of the servers stopped by to welcome us or take out order .
The Carne Asada in general is excellent at this restaurant .
Not to mention the milkshakes were plain and watery and overpriced .
Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the food and provided wonderful , prompt service .
Chicken albondigas and calamari were excellent starters and very flavorful .
My husband suggested we try Bareburger tonight because it 's close and thought it might be nice .
I had the shrimp po'boy and gumbo , both were so perfect .
Make sure you tell Carley ( bartender ) that Bruce Lee says hi ! ! !
My husband had the 6 oz pepperloin meal and was very happy with it .
with a frown on her face ) my friend to come back inside and QUESTIONED her with rudeness why she did n't tip 15 % .
The donuts are pretty amazing .
And the restaurant has mushrooms everywhere in it ...
I was very impressed with the food , presentation , decor and service .
I should also note that the waitress was very attentive .
Our waitress stopped by our table around the 15 mins mark wait for food to tell us that our food was about to be out .
The bartender was extremely hospitable and clearly understood the essence of good service .
We had to call every day for towels .
I liked the omelet station .
We ordered mimosas , eggs Benedict , and S'mores french toast .
it 's edible , but not edible in a good way .
We started with the Crabby Dip which the whole family enjoyed but feel it was a little overpriced at $ 14 .
The girl even had the nerve to tell me I did n't have a reservation !
I ordered the backspace burger , my husband ordered the roast beef sandwich .
I went in to try and shake that gentleman 's hand but he had gone out back right as I was leaving .
We came in , sat down and decided on the cocktails and wine .
She took our order and we did not see her again until we were done and waited for boxes for the kids food .
The only reason to go here .
It was our first time here and it will not be the last .
Oh yeah , the food and service was great .
I had the greens which were excellent .
My wife and I thought our anniversary would be the perfect occasion to give it a try .
The beignets were a little bit heavier and about $ .60 more for 3 than Cafe DuMonde .
My boyfriend and I went for dinner on a Friday night .
So disappointed because we truly loved this place the 1st time .
Last night ... not so much .
Glad you found your way to Tampa !
My other kid cleaned out the fried rice too .
the mashed potato was just warm not hot the way I like it and the brocc was perfect ...
My boyfriend and I tried this deli for the first time today .
Someone was recently asking me about the wet food in New Orleans and I had to let them know to visit this place ! ! !
They were out of chicken and did n't even tell me when I told the young girl and I had very little choices of meat .
We had the homemade meatballs and sausage .
Service : There was one waiter and one busboy working and they had everything covered .
They usually come out fresh and as a perfect mix between crispy and soft !
I ordered a side of walnut bread which came with fresh whipped butter and fresh jam on the side .
During the time that I was speaking to the hostess the other young woman kept repeating what the hostess was telling me .
We did n't ever receive part of our meal but it came on the check .
It was a little overwhelming , and I enjoy spice .
The truffle fries were on point .
I was able to taste the other desserts my friends ordered , and I was not really impressed by them , either .
She was so helpful with recommendations and suggestions .
I 'm not a sushi guy , but I 've been told that theirs is very good !
We ate here twice on our recent trip .
Trying to be conscientious , I order the grilled vegetables- so good- grilled eggplant , squash , etc .
The bread pudding was a tad dry in the city that is supposed to be the mother lode of bread pudding .
This restaurant is absolutely stunning .
It fits like puzzle pieces !
I did n't try the other food so I ca n't speak for that but their iced coffee is really refreshing .
Let me start with my favorite part - the menu is pasted into children 's books which is so cool !
So i called before Friday night rush to order for delivery since i live 5 minutes from them and they sent me a flier .
We explained we were too full and that we would just take the check .
I was delighted with my scallops but the steak was so good !
My previous experiences were just as disappointing .
I went with hazelnut .
I do n't buy many groceries here , but I usually pick up a few things that I need .
Right in the French Quarter , only a few blocks away from Bourbon Street , Mr. B 's is top notch !
The fish was moist and flakey , though it had a steak - like thickness .
It only had like cabbage and pieces of carrot .
I had a grouper sand which and it was outstandingly good !
I think the whole setup was pretty cool and would def go back .
My friends ordered the lox , it was fishy and it was more like smoked salmon flakes ; no actual slices of smoked salmon .
While everyone seemed to be very helpful , or at least wanting to be , I 'm not sure I received the best possible service .
The best gelato and very good pizza .
Good news is their other location is just do n the road .
I 'm sure we would never want to know just how dirty the kitchen is .
I could n't believe a tip was added to our check .
I just know it 's not as a big of selection as I remember .
Even my meat - loving bf loved this place !
First time we came the wait for a drink ( only got a drink ) was quite long .
Between the three of us dining , we had two sirloins and a ribeye .
Get some oysters , shrimp caminada po boy , the gator po boy , and a lot of beer ( and maybe some martinis ?
One of the best cubans i have ever had , including cubans from La Teresita in Tampa , and a few places in Miami .
but this meal was probably my fave on our recent vacation to New Orleans .
Still working out some kinks , but we liked the simple approach and prices were reasonable ! !
Had she actually SAID it will be very small for the price , I would n't have ordered it .
Impeccable service , our servers Robert and Wade were excellent .
It was nice to see the bar pretty full on a Friday night , definitely not a common occurrence at the former , Liberties .
Aside from the bread and sauce small issues , I really enjoyed our meal .
It 's pretty basic Americanized sushi .
Are we going to be safe in this neighborhood and what kind of food are we going to get ?
Having lived within walking distance of Chinatown for 20 years , we were thrilled to find such amazing food in Elkins Park .
My husband felt as I did .
After reading the mixed reviews I had my doubts but have to say our group of 5 was pleasantly surprised !
I got a juice given their namesake and it tasted like concentrate ! ! ! !
I 'll just hold on to my memories but I wo n't be back .
The water did not come , instead we had to wait a while for our server to make her way to our table .
Our servers suggestion of the Crawfish Bisque was a good one .
Our waiter was very good and food was good .
They have some of the best bbq sauce I 've had and the meat is all very tender and delicious .
We had a truly delicious dinner at KPaul 's the night before , and we had high expectations .
the gumbo , very good .
The gravy / sauce that accompanied the pasta was delicious .
Rose 's 8th Ave .
Also , the guys serving us were extremely friendly , which was a nice change from your typical hipsteresque spot .
I ordered the BBQ wings and a Deluxe 14 " pizza , extra mozzarella cheese .
We did think the food was over priced and the service was a little slow .
The salted rim was the only good part .
Friendly staff that are very accommodating and friendly .
I 've been coming here for years and I can honestly say that it is my favorite breakfast spot in town .
I went on a Sunday for brunch and it was not too crowded , easy to walk in and get seated without a wait .
I can only say that I completely agree with everything Dan N said on his review .
Every flavor we tasted was amazing !
The inside looks really run down .
We sat at the bar and had great service .
The dining area is ok but the bathroom was horrible .
It 's unclear how you 're supposed to find a table , but customers are just supposed to grab a table .
Food was great and we had a large party so they put us up in sporty 's pub .
They finally brought out a couple of cookies with a candle ...
Zero complaints very clean and super delicious !
My fiance order the chicken gyro and I order the beef kabob .
I only did the drive through and felt like a family member .
When it arrived my first thought was " oh dear , I 'm going to have to order two . "
Our first visit :
We got the eggs , grits , & smoked sausage , the andouille sausage gumbo , and two biscuits .
After reading the reviews I 'm left wondering did I eat at the same place ? ! ? !
She told him she could tell us the dessert specials as they did not have a dessert menu , and would wait until I came back .
( It 's $ 1 to sub in fries ) .
Overall service was really personable and decor was lovely .
We used the main dining room and bar area .
It 's been 10 years since I 've been to a Shoney 's , and I 'll never eat at a Shoney 's again .
Service is was a bit slow and they forgot to make our shakes so we were there quite a while , but the price is right ! !
We were here for a retirement party and the bar area of the restaurant was marked off for us .
After being seated , our server came 15 minutes later for our drink order .
Food is always fresh and delicious :-) And , of course , we never leave the restaurant without a couple of deserts ! ! !
Oh and the mozz sticks are perfect ! ! !
This is also a great place to watch pelicans eat breakfast on the bay !
The oyster appetizer was simply okay : fried oysters set atop shells containing creamed spinach .
I should n't have to specify that I do nt want chewed chicken bones to go .
The pancake plates are definitely a good value ( under $ 10 for the peach and the banana bread pancakes ) .
It 's not bad , but it 's no better than any other breakfast place .
I 've lived here for years and this is one of Cedar Park 's best .
Came here since we often pass by the sign indicating it 's the Top50 Chinese restaurants in America by CNN .
We have eaten here many times and had filet , salmon , crab cakes and pasta dishes and everything is fabulous !
This led me to believe that we would n't be sleeping in the moderate sized living room & have no bedroom at all .
They were like fluffy doughnut pillows that melt in your mouth .
Thankfully they were able to accommodate and I was n't forces to eat outside on a brisk October Indiana night .
Since it 's not in the normal form of fried calamari , I was surprised she liked it .
I gave it two stars because it was exactly that ... meh i ve experienced better .
You definitly get value for money .
Friends sides came in a styrofoam bowl .
Meeting a friend 's significant other for the first time can be a very traumitizing experience .
Greasy horrible breakfast food .
That was n't enough to save the experience , though .
Which took 25 minutes to hit the table .
The food looks and smells amazing .
Sever comes over tells our friend their out of what she wanted .
I was really looking forward to some sushi , but failed to order it because it was so expensive .
Seeing that this was a chain and one that does n't even have a branch in Chicago , I thought this place would totally suck .
We ordered the appetizer platter , which came with charbroiled shrimp , venison sausage , and artichoke hearts .
My family is big eaters , and we did WORK !
The food is fantastic , we ordered melitzanosalta which is eggplant basically baba ganoush .
For the record let me state " I am not a buffet person " That said , we had comp tickets to the buffet and show .
I was real bummed that lucys closed , but was pleasantly surprised by this bar just across the street !
Stayed in the suite with the fold out couch .
Great place to watch sports , especially soccer .
The fried seafood is really good too .
I was not impressed , too me it was more like a preppy local market for the wannabe Italians .
My take on the sides is mixed : the mac - n - cheese is killer and the cornbread is cool , but the cole slaw and veggie sides ... ehh .
The lights are dimmed down but there are candles on the table that give a very warm atmosphere .
Very cool establishment ...
Piss poor service !
A few people were at the bar and some people were sitting outside .
Tofu pan fried noodles were excellent , so was fresh spring roll .
We ordered onion rings & fries as well as a pitcher of pop .
This is partially my own fault , because I knew that this was going to be a trendy place in a trendy neighborhood ...
I will never , ever , in my whole life , understand why people love this restaurant so much .
We went on a Saturday night and used No Wait to check ourselves in ahead of time .
Delivery was quick , I 'll give them that , but the order was wrong .
Was thrilled with our toast being served hot .
Do n't go here .... waited and waited for my food .
By 11:30pm we were still waiting on the food to arrive .
Overall , this was a good pizza .
Ok now I 'm really hungry and we go back to the counter to just get food to go and eat in the car .
She seemed very stressed out and her service reflected it .
It was on warm , fresh bread and the flavors were great .
The next day , I ordered a small fried shrimp sandwich that was generously stuffed with shrimp and was delicious .
Just had a pepperoni slice and it was really good .
The chicken 65 was to die for , and the hot sour soup was rich and flavorful .
Crudo was good , though I am more of a fan of red pizza than white pizza , and the meat was a bit spare but delicious regardless .
Very local crowd and feels like you are at home .
It was not too expensive and food came out quickly .
An American Place is also very impressive looking , so if you 're looking to impress this is a good choice for that , too .
A few minutes later we were served some delicious Italian bread and butter .
As a vegan , however , things were very confusing .
The sandwiches here are enormous and very satisfying .
One of my favorite places to eat in Franklin .
I found the customer service to be IMPECCABLE ! ! !
Walk in and you 'll slide all over the dirty , grease filled floors .
We ordered the loaded biscuits and gravy , sweet potato hash , and ' chicken ' & waffles .
The server was so friendly and kept our water glasses filled .
We were n't sure if it was by accident , by promotion , or what , but we both ate ( with drinks ) for around five bucks .
We enjoy the Maui Wowie ... pesto , chicken , bacon , pineapple , and banana peppers .
We came in for a water and ended up with 3 sandwiches an apple fritter and 2 cheesecakes !
The Chilean sea bass was outstanding .
They provided us with a free parking voucher at the end of the meal .
Although we were a little skeptical about the mushroom dish , I 've never been more impressed .
Casual modern and upscale place in a historic setting .
I hade the pork noodle wonton soup .
He 's an older man with glasses and a constant look on his face as if he hates his life and job .
My husband and I rarely get to have an evening out , but last night we were in Puerto Rico !
I know we are limited on locations that have that dish here in the Boise area .
It 's like something you 'd only see on TV !
We had a couple of pretty weak dishes .
What a wonderful little spot !
The best part of my meal was definitely the latte .
The dish also came with broccoli , eh .
I heard a lot of great things about this place and finally checked it out with a friend .
the bartenders are nice , attentive , cool folks who know what they 're talking about way more than i do .
For the two of us to have 5 rolls , and two house salads , the damage was a mere $ 53 .
The lobster was also small but I expected that .
My sister and I came here for lunch and a few drinks .
Our server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu .
Everything except for the mussels were great .
It just seems like fairly average , overpriced Americanized Chinese food that is perhaps a bit spicier than usual .
They finally brought back the Buffalo chicken .
15 mins gone by after we told him , still nothing .
I told the chefs my budget and what kind of fish I liked .
Terrible service , our order got screwed up , and once we actually started eating there was a hair in one of our meals .
I shot a claw across the restaurant ( NEWB ) and she brought a new claw !
We would have stayed for another drink but she seemed to be rushing us out !
I had the churassco platter .
That 's a new one .
With the amazing options in NOLA , I wo n't be back .
But what 's even worse is that you can only make ONE TRIP to the salad bar !
We arrived at 5 pm on Saturday evening to a packed brewery .
Complete fail .
I had to ask her where she got it since the sliver I had that night was delicious .
At first , when it was just the owner at the one store on linbergh , the food was amazing .
They tried to get her to accept the food that I had taken from the restaurant and had been in my car !
I got a pre - made vegan sandwich from here before and was not impressed considering the steep price - very dry and lackluster .
What a hidden gem of a restaurant .
The place itself is pretty simple and the prices are really fair .
We all enjoyed every bite and will be back for another brunch sooner rather than later !
I highly recommend the 3 course prix fixe for lunch , potato leek soup was a real stand - out !
My hubby ordered the Ribeye and fries .
It 's never in between , and there 's no pattern or indication of whether it 's gon na be good or bad .
I ordered the Hibachi Steak , and thoroughly enjoyed my meal along with the performance from my chef while he cooked it !
The onion rings are bomb , the wild game chili and The charbroiled venison steak sandwich was awesome .
First off , I was pleasantly surprised that I was not charged for asking for white meat only .
We arrived as a party of 5 + 1 high chair .
When they do close their doors , they will have no one to blame but themselves !
Now , even though I got there about 5 minutes before I was supposed to pick up my food , it took longer than I would have liked .
They did their very best on all fronts , and are richly deserving of the only 5 - star I 've given this year .
Good as an intimate setting and the bread was so yummy .
My son ate his pancakes like a champ but the texture seemed weird to me .
After searching for a while , a local strongly suggested we visit Muriel 's .
I would love to come back :) Yes , I am not just a Chinese food fan , also an Italian food lover lol
The service was very good .
The platter came with a full rack of ribs , 10 ounces of brisket , corn bread , coleslaw and beans .
Cornbread : The cornbread looks a lot bigger in the pictures than it actually is .
I had the bronze bucket with lobster , clams , mussels , and shrimp .
Sharyn was the saving grace at this resort by far and she should be commended on how professional that she was .
The hot chocolate was chocolaty and they put a generous mound of whipped cream on top .
Throughout the 3 hours we sat there , service was excellent .
Very clean place .
It 's BYOB so bring your own beer or wine and they 'll gladly bring you glasses to drink it .
I loved that our entire stay was less than one hour .
Best pizza in Florida hands down .
It was a little difficult to get someone 's attention to get seated .
The staff is always great and very accommodating .
The sauce on them is super addicting .
The fish tacos !
The food is excellent the price is kind of high but it 's worth it ! ! !
And the best part is this place is dog friendly !
She took the plate and then had the bus boy bring it back without cucumber .
The fries were hot and fresh and just the type of texture I love .
Though difficult to find , no signage from the street , the place was packed and smells drew us in .
We were seated near an outside bar and the bartender was MIA for quite a while .
The flavors were subtle , yet plentiful .
hard to tell what hubby enjoyed more , the wingz or the scantily dressed hostesses .
Since I could nt decide and the sandwiches were nt too expensive at $ 6.85 , I got the roast beef and roast port combos .
Ca n't wait for another trip to SB to have lunch again !
Finally , the hamachi kama was fresh , moist , and delicious .
But the food did bring me back to my memories in Greece .
I was looking forward to taking my parents and friends here after a fabulous visit last year .
I do n't care for their chicken Marsala sauce ( seemed fake to me ! ! ) .
After paying , they gave me a card to place on my table so that the server could bring out my order .
Like all the Gianino 's places , there are burgers , " pub grub " and wings .
I did n't care for the bread they use but it will be a personal preference since my girl loves it .
I 've been to quite a few tiki bars across the country ( it 's a hobby ) , and I can honestly say Rev is still one of my favorites .
We stopped for a lunch break .
It was more of a texture thing for me .
When my father asked for his favorite toppings , they were not available .
If you 're a fan of New Orleans style or southern food in general , you will love the St.
I ordered 1 specialty roll and 2 standard rolls .
First of all it was very clean and had a nice dining area .
We came about 1115am 15 minutes after opening .
Much of the soup , hot takeaway were cleaned up .
I ordered the veggie extravaganza and the veggies were grilled TO PERFECTION .
I 'm not even a big fish fan , but it is supposed to be good for you , blah , blah ) .
It 's the flavor you did n't know you were missing !
This hotel is awesome ! !
These were fluffy but the crust was a bit crunchy .
The only minor complaint I would have is that it was pretty empty on a Friday night .
You have to enter the building and the restaurant is on ur right or left if you are coming from the opposite door .
Kind of disappointed after this so I went home and fried up my own 3 marinated crabs at $ 3.99 per pound .
Easily our new go - to spot .
In my last bowl , the mussels and scallops were overcooked , and there were only 2 pieces of onion .
Definitely order the Yakitori , we had chicken thigh , very tender and moist .
I also came here for brunch and the spread had a large variety and was also very good .
All of the drinks I tried were great , unique and summery .
We live in the area and saw that this place opened recently so we decided to try it out .
The mashed potatoes and broccolini were a nice complement .
Came about 1230 on Sunday afternoon ..
The streudal was flaky , bananas were very sweet but the bitterness of the chocolate balanced it out .
We also got a side of mushrooms , which was a waste ... not flavorful at all .
First off , I know it is a giant place and all that , which was neat to see and experience .
I had the crab omelet and it was too die for .
The caramel apple cobbler was excellent as well .
Its amazing the things we take for granted when you live someone .
The ambience of the place is hip and fun , and the staff are always friendly and super knowledgeable about what s in their food .
- which seemed exactly what we wanted : tapas - style plates we could share .
My son 's chicken fingers were the best we 've ever had .
I went with shrimp , my husband mixed it up with fish and shrimp .
I tasted that breading for hours afterward .
Highlights include the fusilli , prawns , and the beef carpaccio .
It was just ok the cheese and toppings were good .
Quite exceptional and the food filled me up .
Well done , and a fun time .
Did n't try much of the food , just cheese .
They 've done incredible work on the space and made it a unique , intimate place .
My food seemed salty ... maybe even too salty .
For the second course , had the farm egg frittata and the fried flounder sandwich , which were good .
An awesome addition to the neighborhood .
Pretty average Mexican restaurant .
Just got in from my 1st visit to Oriental Pearl and I loved it !
I get that you are desperate for good reviews because your restaurant is awful .....
We got 5 total tapas over a two hour period and were full as we could be .
They have berch beer ! ! !
The oysters were fresh and sweet and the rabbit / duck liver pate was delicious !
Each one is its one little world and all are connected as well .
I recommend doing the pub trolley down the road and get a tour of the recording studios only a block away .
They said that by the time I came in , there would be no wait , especially because the concert at the Pageant was about to start .
In response , the new crew touted the place being cleaner and it was .
We got our drink orders and it was probably 10 - 15mins before they came back to see if we were ready to order .
Since the shrimp make up a big part of the dish , that was a slight disappointment .
We could not languish over any of our dishes , but perhaps this was better , because the food was absolutely terrible .
Pancakes were nice and fluffy , which I love .
Fries were nice and crispy while the lavender hibiscus tea was gentle and refreshing .
The suites are nicely appointed , quiet and spacious .
The food was some of the best Italian food I have had in a long time .
The waitress wiped the table but left a considerable amount of crumbs on the table ...
I enjoyed the food & atmosphere , but it was hot inside the boat ( with food being cooked & the amount of people inside ) .
The restaurant was clean and my initial service was prompt .
The menu looked great but unfortunately everything I tried to order they " did n't have on sundays " .
The buffalo chicken cheesteak , the veggie wings and the margaritas .
Food was amazing .
I also found the lobster overdressed .
The tables were clean , the food served quickly and tasty !
It was such a kerfuffle trying to get a seat and I felt rudely looked over at times but I 'll know how to navigate it next time .
There 's no waiting area and it 's crowded .
The seafood bastilla and mint tea were easily the best part for the meal .
They brought the bread , the served the food , they kept the glasses filled , and they picked up the plates .
The service was average , they were busy .
I picked up the check and with tip we 'd just broken a c - note .
The eggs were not too wet or too dry , they were fantastic .
Oakleys prepared for all palates .
I have n't been to Josefs in a long time and it looked completely different inside .
The rice is tasty and beans are very creamy .
This is where the one bad part of my experience comes in : the price .
We had mixed experiences with the food .
Also the food tasted like tin foil .
The crowd around the band and bar was pretty filled up .
Had dinner at this place and it was delicious !
i do n't know what they put on top of that salad but it just made the whole dish come together .
We ALL loved our meals .
They did a nice job of fixing the place up , though the layout is odd .
Ingredients seemed fresh , and the crust was nice and chewy .
Speaking of the wine ...
We had a group of five , so a long wait was expected .
Food is fantastic from the pita bread and hummus to the authentic Greek cuisine .
Also , our bartender took great care of us .
Para los que leen en español y para los de ingles : you have to try this piZZA IS Very GOOD , and great service .
The breakfast burrito was amazing !
It tasted like medicine or as if the vodka was randomly thrown in grape juice and ass .
The location is slightly odd , but I guess that is the nature of Philly .
I read other reviews and thought it would be a nice spot to stay in Tucson .
Ordered the spinach melt with fries , daughter went with a cheeseburger and fries .
The garlic mash was as expected and broccoli was good too .
I have to say , after the " kolache " experience , I cringe every time I see it flash on your sign when I drive by .
He did an efficient job managing our orders and kept up with all our refills .
I shared the eggs benedict and French toast with my hubby .
According to my primary care physician , aka WebMD , it is likely that I have some form of aggressive salmonella food poisoning .
I ca n't believe I have n't reviewed this place yet .
The one thing that the Sonesta truly shines in is the food .
So they had no clean glasses with only about 20 customers total , all of which were drinking alcohol ?
The chairs are padded orange rolling chairs !
The lady who was waiting on us was so overwhelmed that she ended up quitting .
I recently dined at the prime rib with a group of 16 to celebrate a birthday , during restaurant month .
My brother and a friend ( both vegans ) also enjoy this place .
Our pizza took a little longer than anticipated but was tasty , their presentation was the most intriguing .
They went out of their way to make sure we had a great time .
:) There were about a dozen different soup selections and they freely provided as many samples as you wished .
I had the smoked turkey sandwich and pasta salad .
We had some leftovers but also did n't come in starving .
The ice cream is like eating air .
It was so good , we have n't ordered regular round pizza since , now all we order is the sicilian .
I was also a little dismay that a couple of truck ran out of food around 7:45pm .
I was still very disappointed after this restaurant was referred to me by many .
The service was amazing !
The food and drinks do n't make an impression either way , it 's the view and atmosphere that draws you in .
I had pecan and my husband had blueberry .
I knocked over my ice tea all over the table .
We did get the California roll and that was good , but we were not impressed with the teriyaki chicken .
Very impressed and Jenny is a sweetheart at the bar .
The food was pretty good though .
I loved the patio and string lights , where we had dinner .
We had baklava and Kantaifi for dessert .
Oh , and do n't forget your sweater as it was cold in here !
( It was really well cooked with no bitter and all the flavor , just like char is supposed to taste ) .
I ate lunch there today for the first time and it was fantastic !
The eggplant was cooked really nicely though , and I ate the whole thing .
I do n't crave them , I pass on them all the time ... except when they are from the Swiss Pastry Shop , now the Swiss Haus .
I loved the Cabernet the waiter recommended to go with a our wagyu steaks and tagliatelle pasta .
I ordered sweet potato fries on the side and they would have been decent had they not been freezing cold .
My friend ordered the steak Diane and shrimp scampi .
The counter area faces the beach / ocean with various heights of the chairs for your perfect view .
I liked the duck .
Of course , I 'm sure you 're wondering about the food .
They have a sandwich counter that also has fresh made dishes ( lasagna , chicken / eggplant parmigiana , ravioli , manicotti , etc ) .
The whole experience from each department failed .
Drove up and there was a long line wrapped around the outside ...
After the first incidence , I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager .
Some of the grab and go salads in the cooler looked good as well .
As all Philadelphians are well aware , the " Great " Northeast is a post - apocalyptic culinary wasteland .
Lou said we have n't done one FL style .. lol .
Best local Mexican food in malvern area IMO .
I 'm all for freshness but gotdamn can you wash them ?
There 's a flat screen that displays all of the pictures that used to be taped to the wall .
I fell upon this great little pub after a tour at ESP .
I would much rather go to tijuana flats or publix across the street and get food in there .
Hubby loves Red velvet so he was a very happy Viejo .
I did not have reservations .
Even brought us our own basket of naan to our table ! ! !
The Carne Asada taco - which had so much cheese on it , you could n't taste the meat .
We came close to closing so the chef was n't too entertaining .
Unlike many Ruebens this one hangs together and does n't want to come apart in your hand .
We also orderd the shrimp diablo pasta .
It got my nose running and eyes watering .
I had the sausage gravy and biscuit , it was probably the best I have ever eaten .
The amenities are great , but even with the Expedia package deal on flight / hotel , I gasped at the price for the room we had .
The food here has become sporadically good at best , sad , they " used " to be good !
The grits are dense and bland and not at all cheesy - really .
Food is just so so , really , from an authentic Chinese perspective ...
So they enticed me w/ a coupon for a free sub w/ drink purchase .
Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey Bruschetta - this was my husbands favorite bruschetta - it was also very good !
Sure enough , the female employe started with the " Sorry maam , we do n't have that enymore " .
I guess they were having a bad day yesterday because when I ate their crabs I got food poisoning .
( This review is of the cart , not the storefront . ) It was a pretty fantastic hotdog , born of a stroke of genius .
This place just does n't cut it , and I 'm certain I wo n't be coming back .
While my fiancé went with the creme brûlée .
She asked again and they responded that there were no clean glasses ... while making another alcoholic drink in one .
, this is very nice place to show and enjoy and eat , relaxing time it 's well worth the money .
I go to Marmont as often as I can , the food is amazing every time and the prices are reasonable as well .
This DQ in particular is a quaint and delicious experience .
But some of this is just a matter of taste so I wo n't ding them hard for that .
My friends got the raspberry pancakes , the sweet potato pancakes and the san antonio .
The food was excellent , the service was professional and entertaining .
Do n't go in there if you 're new to the establishment and do n't know exactly what you want !
They are ordered separately , and ca n't be ordered for one person .
But , I will tell ya Nene hits the spot each and every time .
I came in with two friends and the woman who helped us was really personable and friendly .
It is absolutely appalling when people working in the hospitality industry are rude .
They are like one of the best things st Pete has to offer !
We ordered brisket plate with corn bread , coleslaw , Mac and cheese and potato salad .
The Meat burrito was delicious and served with great sauce ! !
I think this will be our place of choice for sushi now .
Why or why did I make a dumb decision ...
The server was pleasant and efficient .
They only have one server , her name is Gabriela .
Settled for an individual pizza to share .
We said yes , and she disappeared for 10 minutes , finally coming back to say that they were out of glasses for water .
The sauce was all at the bottom and the chicken was more soggy than crispy .
Apparently because this group of strangers was not ready to order , the rest of us had to wait to eat .
The food was great and so was the waitress .
I had the chicken Parmesan ( sans cheese ) .
They do serve you your dish in a Rubbermaid type of container which does n't look like much but it was very filling .
As for the chicken and dressing - it was missing sage , onion and celery .
It had a lot of croutons and dressing and parmesan on it , which is always a good thing .
we had two rolls and sashimi .
I just polished off my mixed salad so fast I did n't have time to take a photo !
Special note is the staff attention to detail .
Time and time again , it blows my mind away as one of the most original pastry ideas I 've ever come across .
We through our food away without taking more than 2 bites , and ordered pizza .
I did n't like that dish at all .
We walk in and the place is empty , but it had only been open about 10 minutes so I did n't let that deter us .
I probably wo n't be ordering from this location again ( curb side pick up ) .
Really , my only complaint is the lack of a whole grain bread .
Our waitress was excellent .
From the kids popcorn shrimp , to the blackened fish tacos , to the grouper sandwich .
Kyle is spot on every time with what is seemingly the exact thing I want before I even know it .
Overall , this was a nice restaurant outside of downtown NOLA .
I got the grilled broccoli which was amazing and the Mac and cheese which was also amazing .
Yes , Remedy is home to my favourite chai , has conveniently late hours , and some mean vegan selections ...
One of my new favorite bbq around the Bay Area .
First off , the place is a little dirty ; there was a stink bug crawling on the guy 's back , in front of me .
The next time I came I got nutter butter ice cream that was really good had cookie pieces in it !
This place is pho - nomenal ! ! ! !
I love Jet 's , but I 'm saying goodbye to this location .
Do n't let the parking lot scare you away or trick you into thinking this is a cheap dining ( as bistro might let on ) .
Everyone 's food arrived but mine .
This is my favorite sushi restaurant in the city .
But noisy shouty kinda place , " Ya Know " , yee haw .
We also got roti , chicken satay , and dumplings which were all great too .
Our first time here was a great experience however our most recent visit today ensures that we will never return .
But enough of my whining ... let 's get back to the important stuff .
This small Italian eatery is located just off Magazine street in the lower , much lower Garden District .
Its definitely not my favorite starr restaurant , but it has a few good options for the price point .
They have a few locations , and we picked the one that is in more of a residential area than a busy center of the city .
Waiter got my order wrong but I just settled for what I got .
I just flew in from NC , and since this was my first visit - wanted to try the local fare .
My one slice of untoasted bread was another $ 2.50 ! ! ! !
My brother 's burrito was scarfed down in about 4 minutes , and he was left hungry and unsatisfied at the quality of it .
My daughter had a burger ( which I ate half off ) and Wow .
Honestly the descriptions on the menu do n't even serve the food justice .
as if the only thing that mattered was did we receive edible food or not after waiting 1 hour and 45 minutes .
I do n't each much red meat but at the entire burger .
McDonalds fries taste better and usually are n't even as cold as Jake 's were .
Oh and the olive oil concoction they give you for the focaccia was delightful .
Again , very fresh and there were five nice sized shrimp , which was n't skimpy at all for lunch !
What I like best about BCD is that it is truly a neighborhood gem .
Lastly , it may be a little harder to find because it 's tucked away on a small shopping strip facing the bus station .
We ordered 3 small pizzas ( due to dietary requirements ) and the four of us finished it all with full tummies !
I do n't get why people ca n't smile and act as if my business is appreciated ? ? ?
We 'd certainly go back when we 're next in the city .
The first course was lobster bisque which was very filling and had a lot of meat and good flavor .
That being said , I 've only been to this location once , but it was just like the other Texas Roadhouses I 've been to .
We got the take and bake and it was ready in an hour in the oven and we heated the sauce in the microwave .
when I placed my order the guy said it would be 45 mins .
The only disappointment was the bread pudding .
The bad : the workers here are the most unprofessional and unpleasant individuals I have ever encountered in the food industry .
I was grateful to be able to get ready , take photos , have a light lunch before the wedding all onsite .
I 've been 3 times , so I think I can share a fair judgement .
Their soups and sandwiches are excellent , although most are at least as French or Californian as they are Viennese .
I ordered through Postmates and my order was WRONG .
Overall , this was the perfect meal to celebrate our proposal .
We also ordered Mac and cheese , fries , Brussels sprouts , and a pretzel .
I mean PAPER ! !
Everyone in the party was impressed and will return .
Servers & hostess were very friendly & welcoming !
As I write this review , I 'm salivating from the memories of this meal ! !
It was like visiting a neighbor and sitting at the breakfast bar chatting while they fixed breakfast .
Wonderful experience from start to finish !
Since we were going to the game where it was about 100 degrees we did n't want to over eat , so each couple split one .
The most consistent part of this place is how inconsistent it is .
The salad I love was no longer on the menu , but our server , Monsieur Raymond , created one specially for me and it was superb .
Probably the most disappointing breakfast in the area .
And it was mouth burning hot ?
For our app we shared the twisted shrimp as it was Twisted Tuesday .
Also amazing atmosphere ca n't wait to go back !
Maybe it 's a matter of taste , but personally , I was not a fan of their thick noodles , and extremely salty broth .
Everything is locally sourced and made from scratch .
The gravy was n't great either .
My experience at The Mustard Seed was quite varied .
The person working was very generous with samples and in the end I decided on nutella and dulce de leche .
We had dinner at Convivio right after it opened and we will definitely go back .
They were hard dry and way to salty ..
I opted for one each of the pollo asado and carne asada .
I am the best Southern Chef of ALL time and for me to say this is saying something ...
I had the eggplant app and it was simply amazing .
They 've got a couple of TVs up above the bar .
One other thing ... the service was spot on .
A Chicago native , she was so helpful , sweet and prompt .
They definitely seem supportive of the community .
We played some pool and had a great time .
We 'll be returning tomorrow , and we 're only in Santa Barbara for 3 nights .
You 've already read my review about the gator po boy , so let me tell you about the shrimp caminada : IT WAS DELICIOUS .
1 star off for service on the next day - I called that morning to order a to go to take with me for my long flight home .
The chicken fajita wrap was very good and my wifes steak tacos were very good .
That is pho hungry .
It 's a airforce coffee stand ...
I had a shrimp Po ' Boy and it was very good .
I 've grown up in a Lebanese family and we owned a middle eastern restaurant for over 40 years .
Ca n't wait to try the pineapple rice situation next time .
The service was though , considering how busy it was .
Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this place and may come again soon !
Whatever it is , it 's got pretty great stuff ! ! !
Service was amazing dinner was incredible .
We came in the early afternoon , probably after 2 , and were the only 2 people in the store .
I think that your team needs to have some urgency and make sure all the guest in the building are happy .
There is only one other table and they were closing out .
My wife 's crab cakes were similarly average .
The two manhattans we had were strong pours and well crafted .
Even with the business , it was n't a terrible wait to get a drink
Finally was able to get there yesterday and let me tell you , it did not disappoint .
service is predictable and great ...
Staff was very friendly and welcoming .
I even had leftovers which is a rare event .
This place has really gone down hill .
But the fresh out of the oven pita , dry aged ribeye , and the fatteh were something special .
I am a little concerned that there are no reviews .
We never knew something this good existed .
Chocolate donut : not oily / greasy and not too sweet even tho it was all chocolate .
They also make a good Sazerac , which I 've learned is mandatory to be considered fine dining in NOLA .
For are main dinner she went with Baked Tortellini and Chicken Gratinati which was great from the few quick bites I tried ..
Like so good I have already planned to come back and order it again the following day good .
Good service and very good food !
On the plus side , I was stuffed from water and hence , did n't overeat !
It was more than we could eat and a well sized to - go box was made at the table , along with reheating instructions .
He asked me if I wanted a food menu , which I did , and brought it back immediately .
How in the world could we have known there was another kind of " monkey bread " if it 's not listed on the menu ? ? ! ! !
These are two dishes I have tried over and over all over St.
Had the filet mignon and it was so tender you could cut it with a fork !
It was greasy & tasteless with a few pieces of barbecue meat & few strands of beansprouts .
Not a huge deal , just a bit off putting .
I only wish I lived closer or maybe they can open another location closer to Sarasota ? !
pretty sure there 's no cheese ...
We especially love the guacamole , fajitas , tacos , orchata , and chimichangas .
These were nice and firm and the gravy was wonderful !
When our food finally arrived ...
Once we walked around and saw everything , we had an hour left to sit and freeze !
You can choose between tacos or quesadilla and it 's definitely worth your $ $ ! !
We went here for a client dinner and was pleasantly surprised .
The food is pretty and delicious .
We had the shrimp corn dogs , bacon wrapped apricots and duck confit almonds .
It was n't like , foul , but I did n't leave the meal feeling happy .
Disgusting food .
The food just was not very good .
4 - amazing food .
I noticed this gem when I visited Vincent Van Doughnuts this weekend .
Great service .
Oh , you do n't like smoke in your face ? ? ?
We split the tot fondue ( large app ) and we bought " the farm " burger .
Both my friend and I ordered taco platters for dinner .
If you 're expecting a normal etoufee , it 's not that .
Everything was fresh and the staff were awesome !
Southwest corner of US19 & Gulf to Bay .
Afterwards , I ordered the seared tuna Cobb salad and I have to say the ahi ( tuna ) was exceptional quality !
The nice thing is the price is n't outrageous , as Japanese food often is .
Loved it , and the portion was generous .
We been there yesterday with some friends .
The prices were reasonable , considering the part of downtown , and that you are at an off track betting facility .
My boy definitely felt the love .
Make the trek out to Silk Cuisine in Bryn Mawr !
Also - inside and half of outside is all non - smoking ! !
We tried a few appetizers , all ok but nothing special .
First time at La Colombe and got the draft latte .
I just finished eating at Ru San 's with 3 other people .
The sushi is very fresh .
Super cheap and the owners are some of the nicest people I 've ever met .
The food portions were huge !
Our food was all served cold , the fish on my plate was hot but the sides were all lukewarm .
The onion rings are very good also .
Get the Monster Margarita if you do go and the tequila will take away the bad smell of the place ! !
Our friends ordered the ribs , catfish ( which was fantastic as well ! ) and prime rib .
The best part of our meal was the chocolate pecan tart for dessert .
The hot pecan coffee was great .
I wanted to try the Pho but my mouth was watering after looking at the menu .
This is in the heart of Castleton on 82nd Street , so I expected better food .
The atmosphere is charming and homey , and the service is friendly , knowledgeable , and low - key .
How are locals supposed to be patrons to the businesses inside if they have to pay that much just to park ?
They are open late which is a blessing in UPT .
The pho was mediocre at best , and the meatballs and seafood were imitation mystery meats .
Salmon was blackened as expected but terribly over cooked to the point of being dry as shoe leather .
I got the lemon blueberry donut which really tangy but good !
It seems they are backed up on every occasion .
The ambiance was casual yet refined , nothing out of the ordinary for Ardmore and Suburban Square .
For the table , we started with 4 of the small plates for $ 16 - - the hummus , the hot potatoes , the olives , and the pickles .
Gypsy Saloon is and has always been one of my favorite restaurants outside of the city .
Park in the back- it 's not the usual strip mall and has an odd layout .
When I was a kid it was called Ron 's School House , but they 've changed the name .
This is the perfect place to be to end a busy week of work and stress ...
I find a piece of paper inside the bread pudding .
When the hostess finally came up she was like a zombie and was half awake .
No one ever asked if we wanted drink refills , etc .
The rest of the meal is good .
They also recommended the chicken vermicelli as one of their best -- it was n't .
But then I did n't hear from them in over a week to reschedule !
We saw a table of 2 and 4 leave because they were waiting so long .
I came here today to see what all the hype was about and it turned out to be amazing .
We came with our twin baby boys for a holiday family gathering .
first off , the watermelon salad was ridiculously delicious .
It 's small inside so you feel very cozy with your neighbors .
The buffet was only half open and the pizza was n't hot .
This was one of the greatest meals I have ever had .
No matter when we 've gone , we 've never had to wait long for a table , if it at all .
- " Lemon meringue tart " - The name is in quotes because it 's actually a deconstructed lemon meringue tart !
Our group ordered 2 bottles of wine , both half price .
My daughter 's Caesar salad was overdressed and had large bits of anchovy , so she did n't eat much of it .
Like , it was n't cut all the way through .
Not too big a deal , but then my daughter 's chicken enchilada ... had no chicken .
On a Friday morning , this place filled up FAST , so if you plan to come , get there early in the morning !
Their prices are good and I did not have to wait forever when I went to pick up my order .
I 'll never be back , what came out on my plate was unacceptable .
We had a great 3 course meal .
Our server was super friendly and checked on us often but was n't overbearing at all .
I was there on a Saturday morning and it was pretty quiet , which meant good service , thankfully .
I had a quad expresso this morning , I really like this coffe shop .
I walked in a half - hour before they were supposed to close and they RUDELY shooed me out .
Just moved up from the States and heard about this place from my husband 's co- workers .
The fish taco was good , though !
The uncovered pastries up front ...
The cup of soup had quite a bit of broken up matzo ball in it .
How happy I am that I have such awesome vegan food options within walking distance of home !
Both of us got the prix fixed menu , which included a salad , entree , and a dessert .
I would highly recommend ATTILIO 'S , high quality Italian Food , thank you Attilio and Carla .
This gave us a very bad vibe and we decided to across the street to Guadalajara .
I was just so impressed by this small , modern , simple yet incredibly delicious Greek restaurant .
Negatives : it probably is n't a negative but more of an opportunity , the paella .
The main culprit was the incessant banging of the barrista trying to empty the espresso maker .
Our waiter left in the middle of the service , it took 20 minutes to get an orange juice .
I ordered chicken curry , Thai hot .
They basically threatened to kick anyone out who does n't spend $ 7.50 every half hour .
She noticed we had the same bank card and we started chatting about that .
The owner and staff put out a true effort to make you and yours feel special .
I left feeling that I made a good decision .
I ordered the mushroom swiss burger and a beer .
The service was also the worst I 've had in Indiana .
They did an ok job on the buildout .
5 - 6 minutes later someone came to take the 1st guys order but could n't use the register .
Literally the most HORRENDOUS service I have ever experienced in my life .
Because the pork was bland and it did n't have much taste .
I was promised tarragon !
It looked fantastic but his response was that it was blah .
We ordered small plates-- flatbread pizza , butternut squash soup , and house salads .
The pretzel bites are amazing .
Excellent food ! !
We ordered the crawfish dip , a couple of beers , buttermilk chicken sandwich , mac n cheese , and the chocolate cake for dessert .
I heard about Anthony 's from a New Yorker who proclaimed it is the best pizza in Florida .
The service was a little slow but we were ok with it because we wanted to take our time anyway .
The strawberry garnish was overripe and I could n't even eat it .
We waited over 30 minutes to finally order .
Scallop was the most well - prepared I 've had in a long time .
We ordered butter chicken ( mild ) based on other reviews and it really was fantastic .
I got the 1/2 lb country fried steak with gravy and it was really good and very filling .
When we said dining in , she informed us that they were closing and that we could still eat , but in the bar .
Honestly I think there are better places to eat in the area .
it 's got olives and for goodness sake , pay the extra $ 1 for the bread bowl !
JC is a asset to this restaurant and they should be proud that he works for them .
Let me send you a text image of this pizza- it is crazy . "
The vegetables were carrots , bok choy , broccoli , shitake mushrooms , yellow squash .
I settled up and left a generous ( imo ) 30 % tip .
This is my Greek go - to restaurant .
The broth was mostly clear and it did n't have a lot of oil floating at the top .
* * Please do the rest of us a favor and do n't bring your kids here .
My salad was just average , the chicken is nicely grilled , but the portion is kind of skimpy .
Fresh ingredients and it came to the table quickly .
The crust is thin and crunchy , which was very good .
My family decided to take my mom out to dinner for her birthday and we wanted to try out a new place .
The decor is really cute , in fact , I loved it !
We got ravioli for our kids and it was so dry that it was barely edible .
Very busy place for brunch on weekends but the wait was well worth it
The french toast and the eggs , bacon and potatoes were delicious !
Overall excellent experience and would visit again !
Best of all , we got to sit for a while and chat without being pressured .
The vibe is awesome and the food is even better ! !
The waitress was only ok even fogetting our bread but she did keep our drinks full and was freindly .
What I appreciated the most about Milktooth , is you can really tell the food is made with good quality ingredients .
Everything was so slow and it likes the waiter did n't see you when you really need to order .
The service was a little slow , but not a huge deal because we were n't in a major rush .
When the bread came out , I could n't believe how much oil or butter was on it , it was swimming in it .
Yes it 's kinda off the beaten path but you finally find it - you'll be very amazed !
I ordered the meal with a side of pancakes and those were simply delicious - fluffy and sweet ! !
I can say without reservation , Roland made the evening memorable and left us wanting to come back .
Overpriced , but that 's how it goes with the health food trend , unfortunately .
I saw our server ring our food in .
Those were the BEST damn fries I 've had in a long time .
So I ordered a few things off the menu and told her it was chicken .
i do n't think either of us could have come close to finishing the largest bowls .
The noodles were good .
Disappointing overall - should 've went with the lamb short ribs .
Seasoned and oddly breaded , which sounds unappealing until you taste it .
We got the 4 - course meal and loved every part of it .
That is what broke the camel 's back .
Stopped in here Sunday nite with my family after a long day at the Franklin Institute .
She was courteous for sure , but her timing was really off .
I tasted someone 's bread pudding and it was awesome .
Considering the slow service and luke warm flavorless food ... we wo n't be back .
We had hoped , however , to be seated by the window per our numerous ( 1 online , 2 phone , 1 in - person ) requests .
I told my server that I wanted to change my dressing to just plain lemon and olive oil .
Cashier at front of restaurant had a surly and impatient attitude when we inquired about this !
Finished off with my favorite dessert !
We stopped here for post - dinner drinks after eating at Bridgid 's .
Guess that means I was n't the first person to hear about the place .
There 's nothing I 've tried that is n't good , and most things are great .
Definitely not a dieters delight .
The same goes for the bar : the food comes from the restaurant across the hall .
The desserts looked great but we were too full to eat them .
I was hesitant to even book this location due to the horrible reviews , but this is where she really wanted to go .
The tail was a little chewy , but better than a lot of lobsters I 've had lately .
The unagi sushi was really really good , same for the Margherita roll .
The Saganaki was not as good as we 've had at other places stateside , namely Detroit 's greektown .
First time I tried this place and I 'm sure it will be the last .
Just moved into the area and wanted to take my Caribbean parents who were visiting out to lunch .
We had the chicken rabe sandwhich and pepperoni pizza .
I paid cash !
Unfortunately , the night of quickly turned into a mess .
As the mardi gras parades had the streets blocked , we opted not to venture out and ordered to go here .
Very disappointing food .
Except for the one time when I tried to order lunch and , they could not place my order because they were extremely busy .
Tre Lune is one of my fav restaurants in Santa Barbara / Montecito area .
These are my new favorite wings in the area .
The server was very plucky and fun .
There were two lines for service so things went a lot faster .
The bread and soup to open the meal were amazing .
And food will be recooked immediately , STAT , and go out to the table and apologize .
Great friendly service .
I have tried so many places ... Thai 5 is the real deal .
I 've lived in the St Louis area for over 4 years now .
The black bean soup was the perfect side dish .
Most of our orders were wrong and the waitress , bless her heart was trying to correct all the mistakes .
apparently i 'm the only one who does n't think the beignets at morning call are better than the ones at cafe du monde .
Tonight I tried the blackened tilapia-- so glad I did -- it was fantastic .
And no visit from the manager when the sandwich was returned , which was a little underwhelming .
This Wendy 's is by far one of the nicer locations in all of Tampa .
Oh my , the fried cauliflower small dish was delicious and the Beet Salad is to die for .
The jambalaya had the perfect blend of flavor and the shrimp and grits were so creamy !
We thought it could n't get any better , when they brought out the lemon blueberry panna cotta - pure heaven !
Big meatless chunks of fat .
The chocolate milkshake was bad .
I tried this place yesterday , and was very happy with the overall experience .
My Fiancée said his meal had no flavor and was greasey .
I still think it was a great time to visit and enjoy the environment .
Along with that , we ordered the healthy breakfast , which was a good dish .
The table where we sat had cushions to sit on - it reminded me of what I might see in a traditional East Asian home .
The crab topped mac and cheese was SO GOOD !
I stumbled upon this place thinking it was just Chinese food , but it 's actually Malaysian .
MSO had some kind steak , which now escapes my memory , but according to him was heavenly .
So far , I 've only had a banh mi there , which is a bit different than other ones I 've had .
While I did enjoy the taste of the beef , it was too tough and hard to chew .
$ 14.95 is a steal for this deal ( please note , this is actually a deal only available on Sundays ) .
We paid $ 8 each so we were n't expecting much food .
The cut was fantastic -- it really turned out great !
Also in a cute part of Gulfport .
Loved the drinks menu and highly recommend their specialty cocktails all of which were great ( especially the bourbon drinks ) .
The sangria was pretty damn good as well .
Everyone working there was pleasant , but service was n't spectacular .
When aske to have it replaced I was met with a roll of the eyes and a sigh .
They brought no utensils and told them I did not specify them .
I wish I remembered the valet 's name this morning .
Again her tone was rude and this time we were not at fault .
Try their cakes , you wo n't be sorry !
And they have signs on every other pillar naming various cities and their distance from you .
The restaurant itself is in a fantastic location in the gulch .
So Parada Maimon is a good compromise .
My lobster was cold to the touch .
I add on some of their homemade pineapple salsa and a side of their crema and it 's like a bowl of crack .
We were there during happy hour , ordered a couple of the house margaritas , okay , nothing special .
Although the place was about 90 % full , I got a table on the patio right away .
Henry 's reminds me of a coffee shop you 'd pop into in a little town on the East Coast before walking 5 more steps to the beach .
Ate breakfast here 11/13/2013 .
SLNPC is literally 5 blocks from our house , so it was a no brainer to give this place a try .
It had a really good flavor and the sweet sauce that came with it really set off the dish .
The service was really good , the chef came out and greeted our party .
We waited 20 minutes for bread !
She makes no inquiry about the broken open , clearly undercooked , mushrooms still sitting on the platter .
For food , we ordered the Celine 's Special and the Steak and Mushroom Eggs Benedict .
Portions were average .
About a week ago we went to Katie 's for our second visit with some close friends .
I am from the south and evidently the whole boiled hot dog thing is a northern thing ?
Everything was 5 stars , even the potato was excellent !
The next person and the main reason for my review was the waiter .
One of my favorite places to eat in Reno Sparks area .
As soon as I saw amba and skhug on the menu , those fears were laid to rest .
Found out when we got that that happy hour included $ .50 oysters .
They slice the pizza in half and place each half on different tiers to bring out to the table .
We all went for the three course prefix $ 40 .
I have been pleased with the food and the service each of the times I have eaten here .
Disappointed about the quantity in this dish most of all .
I love this place lol
This was a delicious meal .
I had the vegan Rob " the Kristen " , So good !
My wife literally kind of freaked out , the lamb kebab was so good .
He started out giving us drink recs- I went for the Gin # 9 Cocktail and my mother got the Grapefruit Cosmo .
Do it you wo n't regret it ( assuming you like those ingredients ) .
I ended avoiding the lettuce because I could n't stop laughing at how ridiculous it was .
12/4/15 ROund of Golf : I live in Tampa and this was my first time playing Cove Cay .
Three of us came in here around 9:45pm before we decided to head out for the night .
We wanted a good time with the meal and they provided it !
The place is cute and the staff was very friendly .
Food is blahhhh ...
Only a few forgotten drinks , which was to be expected with such a large group .
Walked right in with our dog and were seating on the cozy wrap around porch outside .
Not to build it up , but every time I come to Nashville , I have to come here or I feel like it 's a wasted trip .
The Italian food is just ok .
Their menu is so fun and amazing .
We had the lobster spaghetti and the crab pasta special as entrees - both good but the lobster spaghetti was the winner .
First time eating here today , was fantastic !
We also ordered the chicken wings which were superb this time and the potstickers were great as well .
The ambiance reminds me a little of a voodoo shack out in the middle of nowhere , but in a good cozy way .
They do n't give their food away , but you get what you pay for and in my opinion it was well worth the price .
Ok , so we went in at 2 am after the movies and coffee down the road .
My steak seemed really raw for medium rare .
My fish and chips were bland and below average .
We came to NOLA for great seafood and this place was SO disappointing .
At first I was not happy about how long it took for our food to come .
I got the hot habenero wings and it was a nice burn not painful .
Their restaurant was one of the best I have eaten at .
Just a plain slab of meat .
The only good thing was the manager gave us half off on each entree ordered .
So anyway , the fries were a bit salty , but good .
Upon loking in the container , I noticed it looked different then it did two days prior .
The meat eater is my favorite .
This was the best Chef Style place i ate at .
I 'm allergic to soy so I did n't take that chance .
We had pork belly , bacon dates , fish taco and rice bowl .
Only wish it were a little easier to get to , being downtown parking can be a challenge .
I thought this place was great !
Even though I live here - it is fun to go there and enjoy this venue .
Everything I ordered I got , including the extra shrimp and side sauces .
Finally our food comes out , and what do you know it 's cold .
My friend did let me try a bite ; he was reluctant to do so .
I personally really enjoy this restaurant .
My husband and I went in for a late lunch/ early dinner on a Saturday .
I think it was $ 35 a head .
I want to like this place but they wo n't let me .
Always a fan of anything including hollandaise sauce -- I went for it .
The shrimp are always plump and juicy and the broccoli is crisp , never overcooked and mushy .
Although those crepes were wonderful .
The place was empty except for one other person waiting for their order .
Why do n't you just sit at a machine and play ?
My colleagues and I went there for lunch yesterday and it was out of this world .
I love goat cheese myself , so it worked out well .
Pretty sure its the same owner as Banana Leaf because both places are really similar .
The staff was very pleasant - the bartender was helpful and good about our taking up his entire bar top .
Also they gave me very little fish .
Few others ordered the seafood paella which was huge and also quite delicious .
( It 's actually built into the price of the dishes .
Bad : Not cooked to order .
The store was cute ( as always ) and the people working in it were great , but we did n't go there for the store .
Not because the portions are so small , but simply because it was so good .
We ordered this grilled whole fish .
We visited on a night when there were n't very crowded so it was nice to be able to have such an attentive waitress and service .
The pastor was bland and there was very little meat in the filling , it was mainly made up of fat .
Thank you for reinforcing my love of District Donuts ! !
The red sauce reminded me of the sauce an immigrant woman I worked with used to make for potlucks .
Very cool and food was superb !
The pasta was so tender and the dish had such a great , deep seafood flavor- not weak or briny at all .
I was n't about to wait for the salad so I said I would just get the soup and a drink .
There are many other great places to eat .
This place was so packed on a Thursday night ( no room to sit ) so I would suggest getting here very early !
For our two platters and an appetizer it came to about 60 .
Steak , General Joe 's Chicken ( yum ! ! ) , a tasty salad and our dumplings .
This was our first time and we loved it !
Wanted outdoor seating and chose RR because the tables seated 3 .
I 've been here several times now and each time we closed the place down .
Be certain to check out the photos on the walls as they 're a taste of old Hollywood glamour !
I recommend trying one of their juice blends , but it 's been awhile since I 've been so I ca n't remember which one I tried .
This is my first choice whenever we decide to go out to dinner !
Since we had so much time to sit around , I had plenty of time to observe the environment .
Their rolls are so impressive and the one I had came out on fire !
I ordered an apple cider sangria , which was delicious and not too sweet .
Gumbo with andouille sausage - it was on the slightly salty side but was n't too bad with the bread that was included .
Ok so this is my favorite resturant but the staff is so immature .
From 10 - 12 on Saturdays ( and maybe Thursdays and Fridays as well ? ) they have a late night happy hour .
We arrived over an hour before the posted closing time , and were greeted with " I 'm closing early . "
I know it seems petty but the whole place gets cold when that door is open .
Fifty minutes later our food still did not arrive with no real explanation ( or apology ) from our server .
At 6:30 he came in yelling that we have to leave at 9:00 because he has someone coming in and we ca n't stay there all night .
This is my local convenience store .
I had the bonelss short rib and this was so soft and tender , hubby kept sticking his fork into my plate !
When I opened up my sandwich , I saw turkey .
Their homemade sauces were pretty special as well and were oh so good with the burger and fries .
All told , we were seated , ordered , fed , paid , and out the door in 35 minutes .
It 's like they have different people in the kitchen and you do n't know who you will get .
Well I did n't have my phone on my hip but I would n't mind bringing someone there to impress them ..
( Of course there will always be those with carts banging into you and pushing others out of the way to get their ticket first .
Louis area and this one is my favorite !
Overall , seating is somewhat limited but in true Garces fashion , the place is usually pretty full .
I guess since it was a free order the driver did not think he was getting tipped , so I became low priority .
We were back last night for the second time : as with the first , it was a splendid dinner experience .
It was s portion meant for one person .
My favorite menu item is their quiche which changes daily but I 've never had one I did n't like !
The best thing about this place is the plethora of appetizers available .
The food was good but overpriced in my opinion .
Smooth and creamy and was the perfect end to a great day !
There was n't any scallions or flavor as expected from the menu description .
It 's a great place to meet friends and chat while enjoying some wonderful wine .
She made my smoked Old Fashioneds the way Beethoven stroked the ivory ... fast and fearless .
Nice job , SoCo , and keep up the good work ! ! !
The lady was wearing glasses and was doing her best to move quickly and get people served in a timely fashion .
This place needs new management ASAP or this location wo n't be around much longer .
A terrific place to grab a quick bite to eat .
all in all it was nt a bad experience , but not one to keep me coming back either ...
The food smelled good and the proportions were very good .
As first time customers , it will be on our list of places to return when we make it back to town .
They did n't skimp on the sour cream on top either .
They asked if we had reservations .
If I 'm paying over $ 200 a night to stay at this hotel .... the least the hotel staff could do was give me proper directions .
the Sauces are excellent and unique , we keep them in the house ;) .
I chose to walk out as I knew I could not eat enough to make it worth the money on this particular evening .
We ordered 2 orders of deep fried fish and a cheeseburger .
I love Oxford Exchange and was excited to see this " take out " option .
Everything from the wine to food and service met all of our expectations .
An hour and 10 minutes later , our food showed up .
The atmosphere was great !
My friends did n't want to stay so I ordered my food to go .
I cried over water ice .
Sorry they 've closed the restaurant as of 2/18/18 .
My husband and I both ordered the street corn off the cob , and it was wonderful .
Absolutely amazing breakfast .
20 more waterless minutes passed ( 45 minutes in total by this point ) and we were tired of waiting ..
Most all rolls were under $ 10 , with just a few at $ 11 - 14 .
The outside beer garden was underlit once the sun went down , and it was pretty loud once the band started playing .
And when I do , I 'll need to try one of their bloody marys , because my mouth watered as I watched the bartender mix a few .
The food , wait staff , drinks and restaurant ambiance was impeccable .
Giordano 's has pretty good pizza and the restaurant is nice overall .
The cucumber wrapped roll was decent , Bermuda roll was also mediocre ...
After a long time with the sun beating down on you ( there are no shades for front window ) , the food arrives and it 's Ok .
The dinning experience here was a little off .
Did n't get a greek salad or a flaming cheese on this trip , but they looked great !
The cheese plate was very good , the fruit served with it was very interesting and was a nice start .
The two of us ate for about $ 30 or so , not a bad deal .
Overall , a good first experience .
All I ate was the rice(that I had to ask for after she brought out the dry old looking broccoli ) and the mash potatoes .
We were here prior to a hockey game but it was still pretty busy .
Actually had a stomach ache after which was odd .
Elmo 's little brother , but really good place on it 's own .
I think I 'll stick to Five Guys for my burger fix ( but I would still come back here , though ! )
It was awesome , the service was amazing and we could n't be more pleased .
Pork belly was really good .
I , fortunately , ordered the burger .
I was dining alone so it can be a little uncomfortable walking into the unknown .
It was crazy packed around 7 on a Sat night so we grabbed seat at the bar .
I then replied that I specifically informed the receptionist about the baby .
the fish is n't really like that fresh .
I was amazed how much fish was on there .
The cold brew was one of the best I have ever had and the carrot cake pancakes were also excellent .
She did remove the burnt pizza from the ticket but that 's it .
The portion was a nice size .
Like it was a common occurrence .
Saw the Global Quesadilla sign across the way .
Whether it 's lunch or dinner , the portions are huge .
The Boti Kabob , which is lamb , is very crispy but a little bit dry .
They loaded the bowl up with several pieces .
Thank you Mardi Gras School of Cooking for a wonderful experience !
For dessert , we ordered coconut macaroons , which were good .
The potato salad was good , but the wings were AMAZING ! !
I order the pork steak .
The majority of the ROAST PORK entree was not edible .
The cornbread was bland and the mac and cheese was very lack lustre .
The food is superb , and the wait staff alway attentive .
There 's a separate entrance to the right for dining in .
The icing on the cake was the " help " at the front desk .
I can think of many other places in the city , some of which are much cheaper , that are much more worth your time .
We ordered nine dishes .
Time Out New York named this one of the top 20 Italian restaurants in the U.S.
Good thing it is in Tampa is for a treat now and then ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The cocktails , however , were good so maybe happy hour would be decent but again , I unfortunately ca n't comment on the oysters .
Easy to miss if you are n't from the area .
It felt a little crowded , but it could have been because they pushed tables together for out 10 + group .
For seconds , we had the poached egg and the wahoo .
For the app we got the tres queso ( did n't add any meat ) which was nice .
Went here during vacation and it was amazing !
I had carne asada tacos , the meat was ok quality , I got a lot of gristle which was n't the greatest .
The interior is colorful , fun , and reminded us of a small cuban style restaurant we 've been to in Guatemala .
Everyone loved their meals , as well as the great drink specials ( buy one get one ) .
This is a great spot any day of the week .
Best breakfast in Tucson , hands down .
When the dessert came to the table my gf asks me is this supposed to have tomatoes I say no .
The wait staff was extremely friendly and even brought out four sauces for my friend and I to try before choosing our meals .
Each scored high marks from the table , with the pumpkin cruising into first with an interesting briny - earthy - sweet interplay .
I think our total was around $ 16 .
After placing our order , the food kept flowing .
The television inside displayed cock fights just to let you know .
Took 15 minutes for someone to wait on us and she walked by us 4 times .
I had the kale salad and chocolate spinach smoothie .
The pasta was good , I just did not like the sauce it came in because it was kind of bland .
This place does n't have a lot of glitz or glamour , it does n't have much in the way of comps , but it 's a great place to gamble .
The food was fresh and delicious , the staff was friendly and very welcoming .
And while we were eating , the manager started closing down the buffet ... that is never good while customers are eating !
I chose medium well and I got that exactly .
I must say Masami is in the same caliber of quality ! !
But there 's a parking lot behind it which is nice .
I had the chorizo/ manchego Dutch baby pancake and my husband had the quiche .
I stopped by when these guys came to Flicks and Food Trucks and had heard their desserts were awesome .
Service is charmingly slow and the atmosphere is appropriately non - romantic and practical .
Each knew the menu and dinner specials inside out , no small task , I can assure you .
I ordered the steak and shrimp .
I 'd like to think I 've become somewhat of a connoisseur of my favorite dish .
they do a great job accommodating our group of seven ...
Do n't forget about their thin crust either , it 's legit .
The menu is extremely creative and gargantuan !
Another bad sign was the table next us returned their entrees , so this was not a one off that night .
I complained , and was thrown attitude back from the manager for not ordering sooner .
We had A LOT of food ; tempura udon , dragon roll , tempura shrimp roll , salmon sashimi , this sashimi trio , popcorn shrimp , etc .
The only problem we ran into is that they do n't take credit cards .
Honestly , these mushrooms taste like heaven in your mouth !
This facility is located in a great area .
They do a fine job with presentation and the plates passing by were beautifully arranged .
The appetizer was sub par at 9 bucks with bits of chips and the grocery store flatbread at 15 bucks was unimpressive .
The cappuccino was a little strong for my taste , but that 's personal preference .
I forget what appetizer this was we ordered BUT IT CAME OUT ON PRINGLES !
It has become our " go to " spot .
Worst Chinese food .
I ordered chicken and rice , which they advertise 1 entree and one side for $ 4.99 .
We visit every weekend for breakfast , it 's a very nice and cozy cafe with good food and great service .
The pizza was delicious , and the crust was to die for .
My husband also got a small order of egg drop soup which was fine .
They are one of the few Chinese places from where I take out sea food .
Once you 're inside you 'll not know you 're in a strip mall restaurant .
The dressing was a perfect mix of balsamic vinaigrette oil .
Here are the highlights : Waiter was confused and did n't know brunch menu very well .
Over all it 's a perfect place to grab lunch or dinner and a big ol' donut for dessert .
Next time take care of your customers and make sure that you do something besides offer an apology for ruining our dinner .
There was n't alot of people there it was more of boats around the area .
I give it 4 stars instead of 5 b / c it was a bit pricey , but the lunch menu looked good ( and cheaper ) .
Truly a hidden gem .
My wife and I ate here recently , and while the food here is certainly good , I feel that it is overpriced .
The meat and lettuce are always falling off the whole time too because it is so stuffed with food .
I never felt rushed and I felt well - taken care of even though I was young and I definitely do n't look rich .
The food I had here was good .
We had the Basket of Beignets with chocolate sauce , the Homemade Yogurt , Biscuit Sandwich and Cup of Fruit .
Overall a good experience .
We split the nachos and the dessert .
wanst a huge fan of the broth , but it had a lot of veggies and tofu in it , so i was fairly satisfied .
So it 's 6:30 pm and all flights at the airport are delayed due to weather .
Go to one of the many BBQ places in St.
My wife and I have been here a few times .
Thankfully they have their own parking lot but there 's plenty of street parking too , which is good because it was packed .
Decor in and out matches the neighborhood ... blah .
Had the chicken tikka masala and chicken curry potato , they were spectacular .
The dressing was sweet and made in - house , so the texture was just right .
The uniqueness of the bread , Injera to the variety of seasonings in the food was a fun experience .
So lo and behold , my food had to be returned while my bf ate his food .
The restaurant is bright and clean and the staff are very friendly and knowledgeable about the cuisine .
There were 20 in our order , and he picked out the Honey BBQ chicken wings .
and it is kind of slow , better to call ahead and give em 30 minutes .
Unfortunately , the service was mediocre .
It was exactly what I needed at the end and was surprisingly light .
From the beans , BBQ , catfish to the banana pudding ... I just can not say anything but , YUMMY ! ! !
Went on a Groupon & all 3 of our meals & calamari appetizer that we ordered were cooked perfectly- we will def be back .
Most of them below my radar .
I get this dish often when I dine out and hands down it 's the BEST !
I went last night with 2 friends and in short we were underwhelmed .
I had the crab balls -nicely crisp on the outside and crabby and soft on the inside .
The spicy mayo is fantastic , FYI .
We did n't have to wait because I snagged a seat - yourself table for two in the bar area .
The windows have a peeling tint , and it is dark .
I tried the ham and cheese croissant - it was delicious !
Several of us chose the Crawfish etoufée ( I had it on grits ) and this was the only let - down .
The veggies were pickled right , and the fresh veggies were , well , fresh ( like they should be ) .
The management seems to be in a constant state of changing - along with the artwork and menu .
The atmosphere is definitely very homey as it is in an old house .
The manager always goes the extra mile and makes you feel special ( without if feeling forced ) .....
I want to say that I 've had different drinks here , but that would probably be a lie .
Service was very good but it took awhile for our food to come out .
I love the Duck dish :)
Loved every food item we ordered !
The green beans had to have come from a freezer bag .
We had our work holiday party there .
We had a vow renewal and made reservations for a party of 21 , the general manager was very accommodating and super pleasant .
My salad came pretty quickly but it felt like forever before our food came .
After my first Burning Man excursion , I had a strange craving for pho , and headed to my favorite place in town .
It is southern comfort food ... nothing more and nothing less .
All of the previous reviews are fairly spot - on .
I would n't go out of my way to eat here but it is a convenient breakfast in the Carmel Arts & Design District .
While waiting they did pass out sampler to the guest to hold us over .
The ingredients are fresh and delish .
Asked for butter on the side for broccoli , but that did n't happen .
Some friends had us join them for dinner here this past week .
Update : We 've returned several times since my original post - renovation review .
When I pulled up the outside looked different than I expected .
After ordering and paying , were told they were out of bread for poboys , so refunded then ordered and paid again for etoufee .
Do we had to pull up all the reservations from our email and read them off to her .
This is one of my favorite stores in the area .
My only regret is that we did n't come with more friends so I could have tried more food ! !
Also great for date night .... its a BYOB as I already mentioned so DON'T forget the " Adult Bag " .
I just thought no room at the bar , no music , just chatter .
When the waitress returned with my wine , I immediately put in an order for the white bean soup w/ duck confit .
I take anyone visiting the city here .
The service was good and the place itself is really fun .
The facilities were fabulous .
Still does n't compare to mom 's homemade pizza 's !
One guy ordered shrimp and grits , I ordered the diver sea scallop app , and the others all ordered barbecue shrimp .
The service was fast and exceptional .
i 'm pretty sure they brought me a plate of 3 pancakes , but it could just as easily have been 12 .
Cute Italian market / deli place .
Do n't miss out on Andrey 's fascinating tales of how each wine was selected ) .
The lunch special come with either 2 rolls of 3 rolls with your choice of salad or soup .
I just ordered carryout & picked it up from the carryout area .
And I think we were too small to be put in the side meeting room .
Very flavorful cheese -- I think they must use the whole fat cheese because it just was to die for .
It was a bit overbearing even though I enjoy kale .
Chicken was a bit dry , the tortilla was harder than expected too .
Went there yesterday for the restaurant week lunch .
Took over an hour to be seated , when we were told 1/2 hr .
Now I 'm a HUGE mint fiend , and I already expected it would n't be minty enough for me , but surprisingly perfectly minty !
The gentleman I dealt with was very nice .
Not a bad place if you 're passing through Indy / speedway area .
The sandwich menu is extensive and amazing .
She asked my title .
The bartender , Scott I believe his name was , told me about the flights .
If you want decent Mexican food in St.
And the white chocolate bread pudding was delicious .
My husband ordered the bucket of mussels and I had the beef short rib tacos .
Their sourdough and ciabatta is amazing as well as the asiago black pepper bread !
The broth was awesome and the noodles were great .
But overall the sangria was OK .
The setting is an old church .
My go to item - Indian Mee Goreng , I can eat that every day of the week if I could , it 's that good .
This place is absolutely fantastic .
and she said " I ca n't , she 's with another table " and walked away .
I ordered their turkey burger and fries and it came out perfectly tender and juicy .
I especially enjoyed the pan con bistec .
Olive bread and olive oil were yummy , as was the hazelnut tiramisu .
The only issue would be the lack of andoullie .
We went when there were very few people there .
We like wine and cheese but are no experts , so we left the decisions up to Justin .
I 'm a fairly picky eater and hamburgers are one of my favorite foods .
cooked to perfection ! ! !
The arancini appetizer , however , was so good !
We ended up grabbing something more to eat less than an hour later ...
Great experience at Salty 's ! !
Thankfully , Yelp finds even the most hidden gems .
And , the place seems to be smoke free .
It was done in about 6 - 7 min . , much quicker than their estimated 10 - 15 min .
We all know Ruby Tuesday 's but the Riverview is a good one .
The salsa and guac were my favorite things at Besito .
I ordered the burger medium rare , and it came out medium well .
I 'm typically a carnivore , but Hip City Veg was very tasty !
Today , however , the platter I ordered was pretty bad .
The food is barely edible .
There 's a $ 3 split charge which is fine to me .
There are a huge sakura ( cherry blossom ) tree in the middle of the dining area .
She did n't ask if I wanted something else , no apologies , etc .
We wish them so much luck after the St.
We popped in for drinks and a snack , and the guacamole was phenomenal .
Went to this Taco Bell last night .
Muriel 's validates for up to 3 hours , so it 's very tempting .
Dirty beer glasses .
One thing that really struck me as odd was one of my friends ordered a whiskey on the rocks .
Common mishaps considering the huge party that we made up .
The main thing to know is that their portion sizes border on obnoxious .
Both were quite bland and seemed to be more ice than fruit .
The oysters were great .
It 's a great location and seriously , the food is to die for !
The sauces that came with the cauliflower were really well flavored and went well with the dish .
I really like their flour tortillas as they taste freshly made and are a perfect size ( about 12 " or so ) .
I really enoyed my food , as did my friends with me .
Watched the bartender put a paper receipt right in someone 's drink on purpose .
Enjoyed the lunch and experience !
I visited Joey B 's for lunch today .
We have been here three times , and each time have had to send back a burger that was way overcooked .
The shrimp & grits was my favorite dish .
I recently went to pita jungle with a good friend of mine for dinner .
There is no flavor to it ; it literally tastes like boiled water .
I gave them more than one chance and I regret it
A friend turned me onto La Colombe .
Fresh squeezed OJ , fresh juiced smoothie .
I had always thought that this place was exorbitantly expensive , but my meal was actually very affordable for brunch .
The Sam Elliot burger was delicious - and big !
They had really good margaritas ( got the blood orange one ) .
The chicken is wonderful , no matter how you have it dressed - wet or dry , they 're all good .
They blew it , they lost our business .
The pastries - quite simply incomparable !
There 's are a good number of TVs here and the Panasonic 60 inch TV is killa !
And , of course , there was the anticipation of a yummy scallop dinner , which I indeed had .
The tone was set with the amuse Gruyere popover with foie gras soup .
The service has always been terrific and extremely personable .
those fries are a goopy , soggy mess .
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant in Delaware County !
The bar staff that was working on Friday 4/19/13 made our night .
The decor and the Italian speaking waiter !
My uber driver recommended the Red Owl Tavern , so that is where I ended up that night .
The buffet dinner was good .
They accidentally put some creme sauce on it , which he promptly pointed out before taking a bite .
The food came out within a reasonable amount of time .
I 've been a few times , usually with colleagues from the Science Center in the same building .
I did n't finish my entree though bc I could n't get past the thought of it being so undercooked .
It 's usually not worth the effort , and if I do n't like a restaurant I simply wo n't go back .
The feed me menu came with fried pompano , lion 's head soup , tuna rose , lemonfish rose and raw pompano with yellow kiwi .
Visited gators last night , food was pretty good , however , our waiter , Craig , was " Over - the - Top " .
It was cooked perfectly and I loved the side we chose with it - cheesy grits topped with crispy swiss chard .
Holy cow , so delicious .
You can tell it is made with care and consideration .
Awful experience , the $ 10 rolls I got were super little .
The ambiance of this place is a little weird , but it was nice to have plenty of TVs showing college football .
In my humble opinion , it 's worth parking for .
While the seasoning was really delicious , they were n't all the way cooked through and had that raw taste still .
TV 's viewable from any seat in the place , waitresses were attentive and had great recommendations on what to eat .
+ I was not expecting the food to be so well plated at this price point .
I did ask for extra salsa , which definitely heightened the experience .
Went here on Mother 's Day 2014 and I have to say , I enjoyed this place .
We ordered , scallops , burgers , chicken wings , fish tacos , turkey sandwich , and salads .
One of my fav restaurants now .
The shrimp in the cocktail were huge , and the salad good , I 'd say the cocktail was the best part , although it was $ 17 .
I 'm at a loss for words right now .
I ended up just paying cash .
A perfectly acceptable example of Papa John 's pizza .
I took a few bites , but the flavor was so bad I could n't eat anymore .
Crab cakes were awesome .
We each had a couple of cocktails and menu items .
One of my favorite places to eat in Media .
It 's been over a week and I have not received a refund or gift certificate .
It 's in what appears to be a historic building downtown .
Overpriced mimosas ( $ 7 each for a small champagne flute is ridiculous ) and the food was just average .
People are SO KIND , Sushi - Good ... BUT , I 'm from Cali & have lived in Ropongi /Japan ... so far - this is my FAV .
It was the perfect sweetness and I had no problem eating the whole thing by myself .
I love salt , and that just straight up hurt my tongue .
I love donuts so I have been to just about every donut shop in the Nola area .
I was a little nervous because I was super in the mood for tacos and did not want to be disappointed , and I really was n't .
I really think that they meant York City , PA style bagel .
Their prices are comparable to all the other pho places in town , roughly average .
amazing server , so fun and real ....
We had about a 30 minute wait .
In this dream ... I will make this simple .... I work very close to this place .
My boyfriend and I tried this spot for the first time and it exceeded our expectations .
Really hope I do n't have food poisoning after eating here , but I would n't bet on it .
The staff was n't very helpful in explaining what they were serving and could n't suggest suitable alternatives .
My son 's tacos looked wonderful but were served cold so that was not a good experience either .
The amuse buche and mushroom bisque were delicious and the bread is tasty - they have a wide selection .
All of us who received the side of vegi 's we received cold and very wilted and over cooked .
Nancy told us this dish far surpassed Bone Fish 's Bang Bang Shrimp , to our surprise , it clearly did .
Ok , this place is supposed to be iconic but it ends up being a bit moronic !
This is a great bar .... excellent bartenders especially Taylor ! ! !
The bourbon chicken wings are to die for ! ! !
Chicken and waffles very good , avocado toast .
The furniture and decoration is simple , rustic , but much of it is also locally sourced .
The people that work there were very nice and I highly recommend this place .
Dave 's special , pizza dog and a custom creation were all excellent and he threw in some grilled jalapeños too .
It was as if he carried the pizza vertically .
The customer service is awesome and the lady that works there is very welcoming !
The girls working know nothing about the food & basically shove a menu in your hand !
They must have a large room upstairs because there was a birthday party for 30 people up there .
There was salad , yellow rice , chicken and beef kabob , and shawarma .
Only minuses can be a bit on the noisy side when it is crowded , and the chairs / benches are wicked on the butt .
It was the last thing I eat and was still really too hot for me to enjoy .
The food was some of the best I 've had in the city .
2 for 1 mimosas , bellinis , bloody Mary 's and sangria make for a great start to the day .
Although , she did admit the filling was far too wet and caused the corn tortilla to fall apart .
The French Toast casserole and the Egg and hash casserole .
Additionally , the tres leches cake was delightful .
I stopped in to Timpano with a friend for lunch on a Monday afternoon .
I ordered the nachos and Mexican corn as my appetizers .
In some ways , Ghini 's reminds me of the Hotel Congress ' Cup Cafe , but quieter and more laid - back .
I walked away with the food pissed off that this really just happened .
I know their dipping fish sauce was homemade , as it was super delicious !
There is usually a wait to get in usually ( not unlike most other good restaurants in New Orleans ) .
I ca n't believe I have to give a star .
I had the braised rabbit since I hate taking shells off shrimp .
The soup and salad are really small portions .
I do n't make a big fuss of it , but there are somethings that I ca n't eat .
Seriously , it 's good food .
Thanks for the great food .
Discovered this place while searching Yelp for something else and I 'm SO glad I did .
I had the bourbon banana pancakes with caramelized bacon .
It was a nice drink and at a reasonable price .
Ca n't wait to try one of his other concepts next time I 'm in Philly !
It 's not a true bowling alley though .
I mean the specials were listed at the table but I thought It was weird he did n't say anything about them .
I loved Connie at the front desk !
Surprisingly ( in comparison to other reviews ) , we did n't get any warm hand towels .
We had 3 burgers , pulled pork , Mac n cheese and the kale and cheese dip between all of us and not one of us was disappointed .
I 'm not going to rave about the food but we did leave quite satisfied for what it was .
I did n't care for this place at all .
I 'm really not excited about the tempura items but everything else is great .
Everything is made to order and sooo worth the wait .
The hotel was in a handy place to visit the aquarium and places downtown .
The waitresses wear Japanese dresses and the décor is Japanese - inspired in a classic sense .
The syrup is perfectly sweet and the hash browns are cooked to perfection .
It looked like last week 's leftovers and when my stepson tasted it , he said it tasted like it had been in the microwave .
We had to try it and it seriously turned out to be one of the best desserts I 've ever had .
The service was ok ... nothing experienced that these other reviewers had .
There were also some tables in the back if you did n't feel like sitting at the bar .
My usual adventures here have been for their annual St.
I 've never found this to be a problem as the staff is very accommodating .
We all got a spoonful of grits which were beyond fab .
I have this tradition when my mom comes to visit that I take her out to eat at a different restaurant each time .
The interior gardens were nice but really not worth it .
Overall , I feel like we did n't get the full experience of what this place could be .
The pork sausages were perfectly cooked , and packed with deliciousness .
we arrived 15 minutes earlier and waited over an hour , then walked out after seeing others walking in and seated .
Way better than I expected we 'll be back for sure .
We ended our visit with a walk through the gift shop .
It 's a great pizza !
Girlfriend got a vodka tonic and a combination plate that she ended up taking home .
I had the Blue Ribbon burger and it was awesome .
Thanks again for the excellent service .
He returned with individual receipts that were wrong .
I like that you are actually able to close each of the drapes in the cabanas and have nearly full privacy .
No complaints on those either very good .
Our bartender Josh was great about letting us change up the wine pairings .
It was OK , but the sauce was way too sweet .
By far my favorite restaurant .
Chris is an awesome host and the food is unique and delicious !
We just ate here for the first time last week .
Dinner was pretty good .
This is a terrible place to get in and out of .
the manager said he would refund my order .
Plus , the bathrooms are nasty ( even for a bar ) and the whole place REEKS of old beer .
Just expect a bit of a wait .
So , I had a chile relleno and a side salad .
I asked him what was in the " meat " ravioli and he said , " Uh ...
Nachos were good ( although I will NEVER understand why Boise puts olives on nachos ) .
There were so many scrumptious looking donuts I wanted to try but once I saw that cinnamon roll -- I was sold !
We have eaten a few times here for breakfast , lunch , and dinner and it continues to be our very favorite place .
Since we were there for brunch , we had two omelettes which were both good , friend alligator , shrimp po - boy , and a bayou bowl .
The donuts are amazing but you 'd be doing yourself a disservice if you did n't order something with the praline bacon .
The barista was really great and helped me find a drink that I would like , and she was right , I loved it .
The bacon cheeseburger was pretty good .
Really like that sandwiches come w salad , esp after eating too many curds !
The food is delicious and freshly made .
As a nacho connoisseur I found this to be delightful .
Did n't try their oysters , darn .
It was a Sunday afternoon and not very busy .
After ordering the cheeseburger , I realized that statement was about as true as the stuff you read on Wikipedia .
Probably my favorite meal while visiting NOLA .
They offer up cups of coffee for those waiting outside , and thankfully we had an unseasonably warm December morning .
Unfortunately , winging it has had an alienating effect on me .
I love pancakes I thought it was worth it .
Nice atmosphere ... service was great !
Aside from a few negatives , I really enjoyed this place .
Stella was $ 3 as were other beers and they had a selection of wines for $ 5 .
I 'll try it again but this was definitely an off night .
It hit the spot .
The food is very reasonably priced and delicious !
We decided at the last minute to walk over for dinner and check out the menu before the crowds start coming in .
I ended up with a poppy seed pastry , a baguette and coconut cake .
Tony 's is the most amazing place you 've never heard of !
They are new in market , more like runned by ameture but though too pricy ! !
I devoured the Roti Canai in record time .
The waitress quickly responded that they would substitute a fresh spring roll - first time I 've ever had that happen !
I 'm a fan of Nawlins Creole Cafe .
I 've been there several times now and it makes me feel silly for not going for so long .
It was n't greasy at all and did n't give that full bloated feeling afterwards .
You people in Maplewood are incredibly lucky to have this restaurant in your midst .
This place is sooo nice .
The black bean burger was dry .
We had our rehearsal dinner here and while the food was OK , the service was n't good at all .
We were not very excited about it by the time we got done with our meal .
Still the selection of sandwiches was very different to other places , tasted very good .
I do n't even know why I 'm bothering to write a review when there are so many .
Very good service too !
I 'm not a huge thin crust fan so I went with the Chicago .
We ventured in early in the week ( had to after seeing the menu ) and has Jason as our server .
The place was dirty and the staff was bad .
When we told the management about it , she replaced only 4 of the order of 6 because we had tasted two of them .
I ordered the buffalo burger .
Most of the service and food were good .
Later on we had take - out from this location , and it was woefully poor compared to the Speedway locationl .
This one was especially bad .
I always think it 's silly to rate a chain restaurant based on the food since all locations serve the same thing .
You can imagine how annoying this might be to the staff , but we did n't detect a hint of annoyance .
He was patient , understanding and extremely knowledgeable of the menu .
It was not an enjoyable experience and we wished we opted for a slice of pizza instead .
It was a sore DISAPPOINTMENT .
He gave us a huge sample of their mac and I was blown away .
We were staying in the Hotel and thought we 'd have dinner buffet .
When I walked in the hostess tried to seat us in an area with several dirty tables piled with used dishes .
Carol made everything a breeze planning wise .
The depot has been one of my favorite breakfast / brunch spots since I moved to Reno .
The best find of all though was the blackberry corn scone - my new favorite thing .
My husband and I come in atleast once a week .
I think the kitchen was not the person taking the order ....
We loved our first visit to Morrow 's which is new addition to the culinary offerings in our New Orleans neighborhood .
The crispy tofu was too mushy on the inside .
Once I tasted it , it was completely lacking in flavor .
I could n't be happier w / our luck .
From the looks of the other review , Gianna 's is been disappointing quite a few people lately .
Last time I tried truffled cauliflower ; I 'm not usually a huge fan of picked foods , but it was fantastic !
Great drinks and great service , thanks Matt T !
The repeated her card number 2 times .
Other menu items that we selected included onion rings ( very heavily breaded , but pretty good ...
The prices are ... steep .
I 'm so in love with this place !
( Nothing else green on the menu except some uninspired salads ) .
We made the trek by uber to this neighborhood and really wanted to try this place !
If you ca n't tell , I loved this place .
Overall I do like this place and have been coming here for years .
So I decided to grin and bear the wait to finally experience what I thought was gon na be awesome .
I had chicken parm and it was awful ..... I actually got a piece of grizzle I had to remove from my mouth .
I was n't really a fan the hollandaise sauce was bland and the English muffin was super soggy .
Their eggplant sandwich was also very good .
I have incidentally looked at the complaints made by another Yelp contributor about this restaurant namely " Julie L. "
All in all , the service here is amazing .
I got the Outback Special and it was cooked to perfection .
Her answer was " a little bit of everything like pork , beef , chicken and other stuff . "
Is it okay to say this is my favorite brunch spot even though all I 've ever had here is their grits ?
The crab cakes come with a side of gianormos onion rings ( i loved those ) .
Everything is delicious and you wo n't regret going in for some good food !
So , we all decided on having steak tonight .
And plantains certainly do n't .
They do n't wear name tags , otherwise I 'd write his name !
The service is good and attentive .
I was lucky enough to have Chef Arnold cook my food right in front of me !
I ordered 3 egg whites and one whole egg scrambled with spinach .
We still ordered our food with Mary , where she again told us it was going to be a long time , but we did not change our minds .
The server and staff were friendly , which helped our experience .
The menu was thin and nothing to really choose from .
It was 1 , I repeat , 1 big ravioli with ricotta and egg in the middle over an oxtail ragu .
I know padero beach is suppose to be gauche and all but this place just seems so low brow even for a beach restaurant .
Great local joint ! !
Do n't do what we did and put a restaurant crew through this kind of torture .
So she took our credit card and left the restaurant to go run it at another business or something - I do n't know .
The food was outstanding , which is unsurprising considering the chef 's pedigree .
We were able to finish our meal and then wait another 10 minutes or so for her to ask if we were ready for our check .
Sometimes we must take hard , honest looks at ourselves and admit that we ca n't do ALL THE THINGS well .
I will not spend my money where I am disrespected .
I also liked the hearty , seeded brioche bun .
The other details : You have to like thin crust pizza , and pizza that 's just a little burnt on the edges - fine by me !
There was live music playing as well .
The salads , fried chicken , sweet tea , and rolls are some of my favorites .
Had some questions about the pasta dishes , Paula herself helped us .
Note , we did need to order an extra cup of chili because there just was n't enough sauce on it .
We ordered chicken noodle soup , fried beed dish and wonton soup , and both of us think that they are not delicious enough .
Overall , the meal was one of the best that I 've ever had .
I went for the standard which was below average .
This is my favorite place to visit , mostly because of the praline chees cake , but the food is great also .
Potato salad was awesome .
We waited more than 45 minutes only for one scrambled egg .
When dining - in the service was prompt and the owner very friendly and accommodating to a large party .
My husband had a Groupon and we went with another couple for a nice night out .
I hiked it there and it just came out of the kitchen as I walked in .
The place was a mad house and clearly do n't have their stuff together .
As main dishes we had trout and swordfish respectively .
The decor is wonderful and it very open and airy .
I think there was cinnamon in it .
The gravy was a bit on the runny side , but not terrible .
The salad dressing that went along with the meal was really good too .
And most of St Louis , a donut town , mind you , agrees with me .
On to dinner , where I had the french fries which were heavenly and the pork chop , which was very well done .
Also had the meatballs as a side , probably the best meatballs I had ever eaten , only downfall was you only get 3 .
The bar appearance is deceiving ...
The teas they have are also wonderful .
They were good but a little greasy .
I ordered the daily special dough la mode and 4 different donuts- coconut creme , NOLA , cinnamon roll , and chocolate orange .
Server mentioned it to manager who never stopped by - would have given another star but clearly they do n't care .
The scallops melted in your mouth .
But it 's LOUD and that 's coming from someone from an Irish family of loud talkers !
The bagel was great !
I ordered for my son and husband and their food was awful .
Tried again and success ! !
I had the tortelloni pansotti , and i think it was the best pasta I 've ever had .
A great Saturday is to take kids to Myseum across the street then go here for lunch .
The donuts are amazing .
For main course , I had a Gulf Shrimp Ettouffée , which was delicious .
I accidentally touched the edge of the plate with my pinky and burned myself instantly .
Pricing was very fair especially considering the portions , we brought a lot home !
I instantly fell in love with the butternut squash soup .
It 's located on a busy intersection and the exterior looks run down .
The dinner was great and met a few locals who seem to be regulars - always a good sign !
The food is delish .
I 'm very happy with this location and the servers I have encountered so far have been helpful and pleasant .
Can I first confess that while I 'm a Top Chef fan , I 'm mistakenly thought Kevin Gillespie was Kevin Sbraga ?
Overall ...... 5 star worthy !
So we do apologize in advance and hope you completely understand .
It was so good we ate there two more times during our trip .
The server made no effort to sell us drinks .
Ordered for pick up and was told 45 minutes .
Ill be back , but for the lunch special which looks to be the best time to go .
I 'm amazed it took me so long to come to this restaurant as I am a big fan of Upland beers .
But it 's normal bar food Servers were ok the seating was awesome .
She asked if he wanted a replacement however it was bad ..
It was plain grilled fish with absolutely no flavor at all .
We grew up with IHOP ... Or as it was originally called by its full name : International House of Pancakes .
The drinks were fine .
Making matters worse , he screwed up my vodka tonic .
The River 's Edge restaurant was wonderful .
The one drink I was served was good as well .
On the up side , it 's not a chain .
But I guess you could tell me , like , what the issue is , and I could like , ah , tell him later . "
Memo was very nice and helped them with the menu and gave suggestions .
We went around 9:30 pm on a Sunday so it was n't crowded .
For dinner I selected the Flounder , fried green tomato , and stuffed mirliton .
Went there for game !
I had the carne asada fajitas and they were delicious .
It was great but the name is hard to say or remember .
Waited 15 minutes for our drinks .
I know it 's only a dollar but it 's the principle .
I enjoyed a wonderful dinner here with a friend from London and my mom and had a wonderful time .
Now that 's not to say that this was n't a delicious dish because it was .
With that said I must go on to say that I enjoyed my dish very much .
I tried their hoagies and they are so greasy i got nauseous after eating them ...
The service was by the way , very attentive and food arrived very fast .
After several good experiences , we had one completely terrible one .
All & all it was a great experience for coming opening week and I will be back !
My partner ordered a " Buffalo Bill " , aka a buffalo chicken cheesesteak .
It owner is one of the nicest people you could ever meet .
I love this place , I live right down the street and always ORDER pizza .
I had the Idaho Potato and chorizo , and mushroom tacos .
FC was also considerably more expensive for smaller portions whereas Boilermaker 's beers and food were reasonably - priced .
Oyster Po boy was disgusting and could n't eat half of it .
The place is very clean .
Cold beer in a real glass : bonus !
:) The service is impeccable in each and every department .
I 'm a definite fan .
The collard greens were pretty standard , nothing amazing .
A great place to stop in for a casual bite .
The tandoor is nicely spiced and really I have n't had a dish I did n't like there .
Never a bad experience here at # WAG .
So I tell him that I know what I saw and it happened for three crepes not just mine .
So save yourself and your stomach the agony and head to one of the far better pizza places in Indianapolis .
I think we had a one off experience and it might have had something to do with it being during Devour Downtown .
The apps were good and we loved the oxtail !
I will NEVER be back unless the management changes ! ! ! ! !
Satco is Satco , and you are a commie if you do n't like it .
It was a fun , laid back , way to spend an afternoon .
Well being locked up is n't bad when it 's your choice in a beautiful hotel .
They 're far more fluffy , soft , well - sized , and deliciously powdered than any beignet I 've had and it 's only $ 3.99 for three !
EVERY time there seems to be a bunch of people " working " there , all doing nothing and barely acknowledge you when you come in .
Everyone I 've taken there has loved the place and returned for a repeat visit !
We were both in the mood for something different and wanted something quick and had a craving for something ( somewhat ) Asian .
I ordered take out , and both pho soups I ordered were very delicious .
Next for me was the pulled pork .
My daughter and I both actually got a headache right as we were done drinking the shake .
When I arrived at Pita Jungle the food was freshly packaged and waiting at the front register .
The ambiance is quiet and relaxing when I was inside .
They also have a pool table and darts in the back which we played while waiting for bingo to start .
The appetizers ( i.e. , chips and salsa ) are pretty basic , but the rest of the food is amazing .
The service was excellent this time ...
I 'll buy everybody a round if you just order beer . "
I ordered the hangar steak starter as I was n't ravenously hungry , and my partner ordered the margherita pizza .
Very cute little place in kind of a sketchy location , but definitely worth it ! !
The staff kept everything very organized .
The manager , Nakia , went out of his way to correct the mistake , and in today 's food industry .... that 's rare .
My wife and I split the Chicken Florentine and it was plenty to fill us both .
Went for Dinner at 6 pm on a Friday and expect it to be packed , luckily for us , it was n't .
THAT IS THE ONLY REASON .
My friend and I both ordered the corned beef hash w/ gnocci and sweet potato puree .
Ambiance : dark , minimal , industrial , music was the Smiths , Depeche Mode , etc .
I got a glass of fresh squeezed juice and the stuffed avocado salad and paid about $ 15 including tax and a small tip .
I stayed there all night once I managed to nab a stool .
My burger was delicious ( once I got a break at the office to actually take a bite ) .
In doing so , we knew the wait would be long , which it was ( an hour and a half ) , though i hear there 's always a wait .
I said hey boss , your place is dead and we 'd like to sit at the large couch area .
The only down size was the sticky table and one bothersome fly .
I wish I knew what the chicken is marinated in , because it 's truly the best chicken I 've ever had .
Of special note was the polenta that had fig and walnuts .
We had the rainbow roll , jewelers roll , California roll and a sushi platter .
I ordered the Pad Thai lunch special .
get your bikes off the patio !
but I have to say foods amazing ..
Came for lunch and sat outside .
Morton 's never fails regardless which location you visit .
All of the favorite New Orleans food choices .
It would have been courteous for them to give me an explanation for their time change on a Tuesday night .
The rolls here are well prepared , very tasty and everything seemed fresh .
The food is unbelievable .
Normally have a decent meal here but last night was a clusterf * * * ....
And I did n't think the combination would work , but I was wrong .
My boyfriend picked up a taco pizza from here and brought it home .
Oh man , that grilled cheese .
The wait staff was warm and welcoming , and the bar is a place where you can sit back and be yourself .
The tacos were amazing !
The mac and cheese was bland too but the cucumber tomato salad was good .
That light pungent - ness is just so pleasureable !
There were no leftovers .
Seemed stuffy from the start .
It was busy around lunch but the service was apt and friendly .
You have to walk all the way to the back before you see anyone .
Its just way too much like Taco Bell for me but with higher prices .
Gwen has an eye for the details .
Then , it was happy hour til 6 so our choice of cocktails were half price .
The place is filthy , but mostly because there 's no help cleaning up .
I called the front desk who put me in touch once again with housekeeping where I left a voicemail .
The service is impeccable- timely , polite , friendly and responsive .
On the day we were there , we ate downstairs so I do n't know what the upstairs looks like but I assume it also would be nice .
I think this was because we ate so early on a Sat evening ( 5:30pm reservations ) .
This is a pretty good pancake place , but it 's a little disorganized in the way it 's run when it 's really busy .
Even though some of the food was n't perfect in my opinion , it 's incredibly innovative and unique !
The staff , from server to kitchen , to management completely ruined our dining experience .
Overpriced and pretentious ... this outfit charges 2x the normal price for everything .
I liked his dish better .
Oh they also serve breakfast here too .
We had the ahi tuna taco and the mahi taco .
Sadly , I did not love this one .
We had high hopes for the place , but unfortunately the food was n't up to par .
The salad I ordered was full of store bought croutons & actually contained the root of the romaine .
They also serve wings and other overpriced items like mac and cheese ( mediocre ) and pastries ( meh ) .
Thank god the day I went I did n't have to wait long , or I would be upset .
Today , we called to request an ETA an hour after delivery and were told the deliveryman would leave in five minutes .
Peach cobbler for dessert was excellent !
I highly recommend this place , great place if you have family in town ! !
That how we found this place .
Today I decided to try this location , and am now regretting my decision .
We had reservations for the evening and when we arrived , there were a few tables in there but the place was not busy yet .
The woman taking the cash as everyone has said is not friendly at all , but I 'm just going to say she 's misunderstood .
Overall , this is one of my favorite restaurants around .
My father enjoyed his breakfast lunch .
Pizza and salad had great taste .
The mild tangy mustard sauce of a Carolina variety was an excellent compliment to the pork .
We were waited on by Keith , the bartender , who was congenial , knowledgeable about his whiskeys and an all - around cool guy .
Even though it was jam packed with few seats open , it was still easy to find street parking .
They normally take reservations but we visited on Labor Day around 8 or 9 p.m.
do n't go in with any group bigger than 4 .
There was n't any salt or pepper on the table , and at first this annoyed me so much as I love peppery food .
Thankfully all of the special requests that I DID make were taken care of .
In my head I was thinking crispy calamari - just because that 's the only calamari I 've ever had .
Have had bad food before but never been treated like that by any management staff , very unprofessional .
The burger was well seasoned and the fries were pretty tasty .
However some rolls were a little overwhelming from to much rice lol .
The pizza is just ok .
not New Orleans . ) Sorry folks , ca n't recommend .
All the dishes had a lot of flaver and were each unique .
Bad service made the mediocre food ...
312 is not bad by any means !
Oh on top of they did n't serve my mash potatoes until 10 mins after my entree .
Some of our food was so under - cooked , it was inedible .
I had the brisket sandwich and it was very good .
And this place is so much easier to find ...
She also said that they had just changed their frying oil which made them extra delicious , I 'm sure .
The big reason I took to yelp was because of the SLOW service ! !
Even though there were people waiting for tables I was only one of two people actually sitting at the bar .
My husband and I were in the neighborhood and gave this place a try this past Friday !
I do n't see what all the fuss is about .
It came in a delicious creamy pesto like sauce that complimented the tuna very well .
The staff is amazing ..
The waitress suggested ordering one thing at a time , but we did n't heed her advice and ordered it all up front .
The decor is very cool looking and industrial .
So highly recommend this place !
They come with one small container of sauce , which tastes hella good so I never get enough of it .
The manager came over to check on us twice and ask how our experience was .
It 's Germantown , so parking is a process of circling a three block radius of where you want to go , till you find a spot .
I tell them my kids are sleeping and I do n't want them knocking at the door awakening them .
So we ordered burgs and had to wait well over 30 minutes for our food .
It was pretty good and the apple butter that came with it was delicious .
A very nice evening and a 5 star Caribbean experience , right here in ' ol St Louis !
Everything was delicious and we 'll be definitely making a return trip b
Our drinks were refilled before they were even empty and the food was awesome !
They are both top notch servers and fun to talk to .
The chicken : It was very average and that is being generous .
There was one I saw on the way out but it must have been broken .
Maybe because it was night time when I came here at night with a few friends , but the atmosphere was awesome .
I given them a 5 because we spoke to the server quite a bit .
Sampled some of the pastries too .... top notch .
I thought the decor was understated , classic bar decor ( dark wood everywhere , quirky taxidermy ) but also easily forgettable .
I looked up the menu online before hand to get an idea of what they offer .
However , our sides were just OK .
Bad assumption .
Another at the table loved his dinner , mine was Ok but not great ..
The sandwich was rather skimpy on the fish , but the waffle fries were great .
However i decided to try the pizza but the pizza was not my cup of tea ....
There were no napkins with my order .
Father 's Day Brunch , this place was close to my hotel and not too packed for a big holiday .
It is questionable as to why I have not eaten here yet since I have heard sooooo many great things .
Every new convert to the Church of the Cajun BLT feels like a personal victory .
Ate lunch here today : ceviche sampler great ... highly recommend the octopus .
Our waitress was super patient and helpful with helping us sample some wines .
This was kind of a turn off for me because of the undercooked rice .
I called around to a few places to try to find someone open but came up empty handed .
2nd time here .
Oh , I forgot to mention LuLu 's happy hour starts at noon !
The food is great- salad is unique and delicious .
It would be a great place to stop and have drinks , or meet up with friends before heading somewhere else downtown .
For the particular visit , I got beef pho and my friend got mushroom pho - both were delicious and we love the bowl it came in .
It 's still one of the better burger places in Center City with a relatively reasonable price .
Yesterday same warm fuzzy feeling at the coffee shop when we spent over 350 dollars and we 're treated like castaways .
( But owns a bar ) I ca n't believe because I had 3 beers after work on a Monday , I 'm considered an alcoholic !
Oh wait did I forget about the amazing priorat I drank !
It was a lazy Monday afternoon and ended up getting a few drinks and appetizers and cheese plates .
Everything we ordered seemed fresh and NOT from a box !
Even then our waitress can be seen on the other side of the restaurant or behind the bar but not near our table .
My brother and sister have stayed here for an event , and they really enjoyed it , except for the high price tag .
The main server was good , but , due to the noise level inside , we struggled to hear the specials .
My absolute favorite steak in all of NOLA .
The burger was well made and consumed within minutes .
I 'm not even being partial because it is within walking distance of my house .
The food was cooked to our likening and it was enjoyable even the dessert .
It 's very difficult to get decent Chinese / Japanese w / out having to drive into Philly or Cherry Hill / Mt Holly area .
Our server never stopped by until after the empty plate had been sitting there for awhile .
A very welcome authentic and delicious addition to the neighborhood .
Went here on a Saturday night with a party of 3 and we were seated right away .
The buffet we heard rave reviews about was pretty lame and did n't offer much choice .
The French toast came with two slices and apples .
The shucker removed perhaps 4 out of 12 of the oysters from their shell .
The food was bland .
It 's a shame too because it is a great location and has the potential to be a famous diner .
We do n't usually complain about much , but this date night was a disaster !
We usually always have the same server , and she is very nice and attentive .
ahora , los precios no reflejan la realidad ...
They sell some groceries at the register ... we bought a few things .
At times , I found the section between the outer crunchy part and just around the chicken , a bit doughy .
The fact that the products are imported does make a big difference in the taste , it 's definitely authentic .
We even got dessert afterwards .
What a pleasant experience !
I should have gone with my Mom first instinct to have fish and chips for my birthday dinner at McMenamins .
Went to see Star Wars Rogue One yesterday in 3D.
Would 've given one star but they gave us a free appetizer for the long wait which was nice .
My boyfriend is Italian and even he was impressed .
BBQ shrimp - wife loved it , I thought just ok .
I do not care who you are , restaurant manager , floor manager , no - one is to good to remove the dirty dishes .
We had the flash friend Brussels sprouts to start which were very tasty !
Service was kind and attentive ; there were only 1 - 2 other customers .
The staff was not engaging , but when asked , helpful .
I can not speak for their other dishes as nothing was tried , but this is NOT the place for pho .
And rather than ordering a steak , which i really was not in the mood for , i opted for the " Bloomin Burger " .
The curries are really rich with flavor ... so good !
We ordered the spicy chicken , original chicken , chicken nuggets , strips , fries , and had a cookies and cream shake .
I am thrilled Chef Nina Compton chose New Orleans to open her restaurant ...
Each meal has been delicious .
I had a very good experience there very good service as well .
The food was a C minus at best .
The restaurant was far from crowded .
The meals also come in reusable food storage containers which is also a nice touch !
Apparently they treat everyone like a big shot there ...
And I do n't get a car -- I get a pizza .
We each tried everything and nothing was a disappointment .
average at best people .
So glad this place is here .
Groupers is definitely one of my favorite spots on the beach .
We looove the queso !
Always a treat to come here .
Both employees put forth zero effort to be friendly .
One of the rolls I ordered was the Philadelphia roll , a personal favorite .
Plus , I was informed they have an entire gluten free menu .
And just be careful - there are 2 of these places , and one of them does NOT have fresh juice !
They put the roll back in the oven for a few and brought it back still uncooked .
First time I got the fried chicken - it was really salty .
I had the rabbit , which I thought was okay .
Road - trip thru philly , found this on yelp , tried it and we 're very glad we did !
After a blissful evening of consuming far to much alcohol , the duo decided that brunch was the only cure ...
You 're not getting in without reservations , so if you 're interested in eating here , make sure you call ahead .
Grateful to find this place !
The rutabaga fries are the most amazing thing ever .
I 'd say the prices are generally " reasonable . "
It was n't anything fancy , but did the trick just fine .
The delivery man was so apologetic and said he would return asap with the pizza .
Those came out within five minutes .
I drive by Salsa a few times a week , but tonight I decided to stop in to see what it was like .
The food is the main attraction and it is worth the trip .
Loved the spanish music playing too ! ! !
When it came time to be served , he order was wrong .
THAT ASIDE , this meal was delish .
I had the turtle soup , baby drum and bread pudding .
We were so impressed with the service we decided to come back an extra night .
Also the waitress had a table outside and was n't very attentive .
Server , Stefanie came by , took drink order , came back and we were ready to order our food .
It is out of our way but it 's worth the drive .
The first time we went we did n't realize it was a dressy restaurant and showed up in jeans and t - shirts .
No problem , hang out in the canyon under the trees and let the day take you !
She made sure that the decaf crowd and non - decaf crowd were served correctly .
I took this to mean that no , this was indeed not worth the headache .
Sunday not so fun day at Schlafly .
Nice location and very friendly device .
We were not dissapointed , the ambiance is comfortable , trendy , but , sophisticated enough for an occasion .
I did try my friend 's drink which was hella strong .
We had some vegetarians in our party and we 're very accommodating to their needs .
horrible service too .
The atmosphere is cozy .
The owner of Popeyes used to send his mother to the drive thru once a week and report irregularities .
My best dish of the night was the beef on a stick .
We also had a good live pelican show outside the window and night view is lights across the bay , very pretty .
It 's the 21st century , guys !
I ordered take out and after 25 minutes I had to cancel my order .
The etouffee was excellent , not too spicy on the cajun side and just right on the creole .
I was told to avoid werkends .
Who 's warm day so we opted to get an iced coffee .
I ca n't speak as much to the value as I did n't pick up the tab though .
Our server was more interested in hanging out at the bar than taking our order .
We have been to Zydeco 's several times over the last four years and the experience has been on a slow decline .
One of the cooks had to exclaim in the nearly empty cafe " No dressing ? ! ?
Atmosphere is elegantly relaxed and comfortable .
The gentlemen who hosts quizzo is hilarious and makes it very enjoyable .
Every time I go here it 's packed !
The ham was very good but the onion rings were just burned scraps and only filled the container halfway up .
Not a place to go if you 're in a hurry .
I like that the place has opened up , they knocked the wall that separated the bar from the dining area down .
At this point , we were so fed up that we just walked out .
I opted for the salad and it was great .
I had a decent beer after describing the to the bartender what I was in the mood for .
Needed to get out so went here and it was the right kind of relaxation i needed
The sesame seeds made all the difference .
Also , the ubiquitous french fries were only semi - addictive as were a little dry .
The Mediterranean salad was good .
The decor is so aesthetic .
Great service and patio was clean and enjoyable !
The tacos are not too bad , except sometimes the mystery meat inside is a bit chewy !
Best Cubano I have ever tasted ... and all in a great atmosphere and smiling faces !
Even though we live in Ballwin near a few other restaurants , this one is worth the drive !
It 's pretty speedy as long as the line is n't long .
Liars put a bad taste in anyone 's mouth .
We ordered soy sauce , hot mustard , chop sticks , etc .
The amount we received was also on the light side .
This is the first place I ate ( straight off the plane ) in New Orleans when I came for an interview .
I came during thier Mon thru Fri 330 to 630 happy hour and was thoroughly satisfied with the food and service .
The inside takes u back in the past , very cosy .
M and P enjoyed their steaks just as much as we enjoyed our food .
Tiny location in a strip - mall but once you enter , the decor is light , warm , and inviting - and very spacious !
Iced tea and iced chai latte were both amazing as well .
We had the sausage and trout for dinner .
Was moist and not dry at all , which can be unusual for a fondant cake .
Since our beloved Japanese Steakhouse / hibachi decided to take on new ownership and remove it 's grills , we were devastated !
The service was n't great .
Drinks at the bar were rather good .
When we were renovating our kitchen we literally ate here every day and never got tired of it !
It 's the atmosphere that is what makes this place .
The two sandwiches I have tried ( the grinder and the southwesterner ) were absolutely delicious !
Their ' special ' vietnamese soup is actually just wonton soup with a some chicken in there .
Our friends had the meat lovers pizza and loved it !
There are reviews here that were raving about the ragoons , and honestly , I liked them a lot !
I defended the cashier saying " they just opened , must be oversight " .
The food and servers were great .
My son loved the taste of the chipotle .
The only problem was our waiter .
You ca n't go wrong with any of the food selections but I usually went with the Benedict .
Definitely one of the better pizza places in Telford / Souderton area ...
Really expensive and the food proportions were small .
Jim had the grouper Francoise which he also enjoyed .
We are both vegetarians , and I 'm on a diet , but the food is so fresh and healthful I felt great even after stuffing myself .
I was stared at the entire time ; maybe I was turning colors going from aisle to aisle , idk lmaooo .
She gave us some before we even ordered and was n't even our waiter .
Only thing is ...
I loved the roasted red peppers , frittada and asparagus .
:) I can say as second time customers we definitely were equally as impressed as the first .
The only decaf they have is espresso and that would mean an Americano , which I hate .
This has to be my new favorite Chinese restaurant .
Was rather disappointed in the service .
Went for lunch .
Am amazing place for sushi in the city .
Great cheap eats .
Went there for my birthday this summer because I 'm a huge Sunny fan .
The croissants were crispy on the outside and melted in your mouth !
Highly recommend this place !
I highly recommend never ordering from here , service was horrible and they were extremely rude .
And when the Vietnamese wanted independence the US supported the French who were still clinging to colonialism even after WWII .
One of my favorite sushi restaurants .
Pleasant surprise as this is one of my favorites and I rarely get them .
They were really good and the service was excellent .
We also got the bananas fosters cake .
On the 37th floor of Two Liberty Place is a very fancy - cool restaurant / lounge where you can get a bird 's eye view of the city !
There 's just a bit of a crunch when you bite .
Okay , not a great second experience .
It 's a bit quiet when you walk in , but do n't let that throw you off , the food is amazing .
The food here is really incredible .
The almond milk was excellent very tasty like Quickly .
again go only if there is no other option .. there are many other places around ..
there was a lot of grizzle in my pulled pork texas wrap , but the cornbread pancakes were tasty .
My mom and I split the calamari as an appetizer , and it was definitely enough for 3 people .
The cost for my small Poke Bowl and a drink came to about $ 13 .
HH everyday from 4 - 6:30pm , $ 4 tapas , $ 5 wines , $ 3 beers .
I could have drank the cumin vingarette out of a glass .
The nachos were good , along with a few choice options .
I felt like I had big chunk of cucumber after all .. the quality of sashimi was ok but nothing extra ordinary .
Whoa that is some good pizza .
By the way , these were separate trips ....
I have lived in Chicago and my parents still live there .
Very good breakfast .
My first time having them and all I have to say is wow .
The only reason they do get 5 stars is because the toasted bread was cold and tough .
Kyle our waiter also bar - tends .
Thank you for not giving us a problem when we split the check 3 ways with 3 credit cards -- it was reflected in your ( cash ) tip .
I 'm not much of a soccer fan , or an " English Pub " type person , so normally I would have looked it over .
Went for my birthday tonight .
I also thought the food was worth it .
We ordered the Fuji mountain roll , jalapeño crab roll , bagel roll , and the firecracker .
Fries were the best part of the meal ( ketchup was okay ) .
It is right next to the airport , but you would not know it staying there .
Next year .... we'll just go straight to Jones .
We tried a few appetizers and they were both good !
The food is great but the servers ( just a few ) are the most arrogant people I have ever seen in my life ! !
I came here for that very reason in the summer and it was wonderful .
And went for walk along the riverfront .
The quality of the food is outstanding , and it 's a really cool atmosphere .
I live down the street from lulu 's and love their pizza .
My friend and I had 2 dozen and we had some cocktails !
The staff was very good and friendly .
I usually see this spot out my car window on my way to Amy 's up the road which is so much better .
However , the one manager that wore glasses had a little power trip over the outside windows being open .
We had not ordered it , but did n't really question it , thought maybe they were throwing it in as a sample , and we ate it .
My wife got the crab cakes , and I got the BBQ Stomboli .
A bit off the beaten path for most tourists , as it is in the Marigny , but worth the trip .
They do n't taste like " crab " which is what I prefer .
They only take cash , so make sure you hit the ATM before you go .
And most of the staff hustle to get you taken care of .
Another reviewer commented on the terrible mashed potatoes -- agreed .
It 's the only pizza that tastes like pizza should that we 've ever ordered anywhere in the city .
Came for a friend 's birthday dinner , and they let us bring in our own cupcakes to celebrate post - meal .
This place is so far away from conventional markets its why people like it so much .
Feels more like something from a small southern town then Tampa .
We had the Pierogies , which my boyfriend had never tried and I grew up eating .
if you want the best try La Margarita , " the taco and burrito " place on Keystone or Carniceria Guanarito on Shadeland .
We shared onion rings and they were ridiculously good but you ca n't eat a whole order yourself .
The mashed potatoes which come with it were good .
But I say " suck it up " with some of the best prices around you know you 're going to get a lot of business .
They had a lot of other different cupcakes too and if they 're all as good as the ones I had , I 'll be super pleased !
Plus the family that owns it are great people .
The brisket was wholly inedible and flavorless .
It 's a bit more $ but worth it .
He said he would personally see it that they cook it right , HE NEVER RETURN TO OUR TABLE .
The restaurant is small and modest inside , but well kept and clean .
The french fries were good though .
We split the hoagie and were both BLOWN away by the flavor .
A few things I did n't like :
Also the desert crepes made at the table were fantastic !
Everything was super clean and tidy and the staff was super friendly .
Well if this is n't the most over rated place ever , I do n't know what is .
Was in New Orleans for work and happened to be there during Cinco de Mayo .
loved the deserts , devoured them .
This place is unique to say the least .
I got the bowl with chicken .
Wait staff was friendly and the waiter was knowledgeable about the various beers .
They are always so consistent and the food is Asoooo delicious .
Well is n't this the cutest hole in the wall .
It was my mistake and I 'm not trying to be a jerk about asking for a service that is n't offered , I really did n't know .
A pleasant young man served us and told us he is the son of the owner .
She pranced around behind the bar like she knew everything .
Terrible seating experience .
Why is pizza so expensive in Edmonton ?
Sometimes they 're open when I walk by after work , and sometimes they 're not .
Our favorite small plate is the cheese plate ...
I crave their pizzas ! ! !
The food is pretty stellar as well .
I live very close nearby and frequent this location a few times a week .
The space inside is open , light and airy , a little kitschy albeit .
It was our last night and after sighting and non stop go go go for several days we wanted a quiet / easy takeout night .
The food was consistently quite good and the service was pretty efficient and courteous .
We had two lovely cocktails and a whole fish that was perfectly cooked along with a terrific short rib play on stroganoff .
The flavor in the D&C was soooooo perfect .
Despite this it 's a family favorite .
The bread was gross , and the food not much better .
We could n't finish our platters .
My wife and I ordered our apps , got our salad , and ordered our meals .
Some of the other ones are sour ( on purpose ) and that 's not quite my style but they are pretty popular .
They were under cooked , cold and the sauce was nasty .
It would be a very easy fix - just a screen on the bottom of the fence .
Its a small place with under 12 tables and a sushi bar .
I recommend this place as a great diver place and sincerely think ill keep ordering .
I had never been there but wow great value and service !
Fist time we been there .
No , the real failing here was the service .
It felt very homemade , which to some ppl is a good quality .
When we were finally seated at a table , I looked at my watch and turns out that I waited TWO HOURS for a chair !
The food was excellent ... nothing to change there !
It would be a great business move for them if they opened one in the District of Columbia .
We had eight which is a few too many for this place , but we broke up into groups of five and three .
After we arrived the line grew rapidly .
We started by sharing an order of spring rolls , two large rolls were served cut in half which was a nice portion for sharing .
Crawfish etoufee-- my other girl slopped it all up ..
This is a great place for takeout on a lazy , do n't want to cook , night !
Meat was tender and plentiful !
For dinner , my bf had the mussels which were nice and buttery and I had the entrecote with bernaise sauce ... yum .
We , as a society , do not take enough time off .
I was able to get free internet , free hot breakfast and free afternoon cocktail and some light snacks .
Though not a traditional bun it 's just as gooey .
This is one of our go to places , and we 've never had a bad meal here .
I ca n't complain about their slice either .
Dinner was so good , that I even ordered a Woodford Reserve to make it an occasion .
I was n't impressed with the food myself , it was very bland & pricey for 1 meal .
I also had the chocolate cake .
We were supposed to go in , decorate for the celebration , get ready and leave .
All of us ordered a side of hashbrowns , and lucky we did or we would have been very hungry later on .
My plate had little specs of brown on it .
At the end of our stay , when the waitress sheepishly informed us that our last dish was " still cooking .... slowly .
There was a dry small wedge of cracker to go with it .
Having an awesome stay .
Good price and very tasty !
Ca n't go wrong here for good barbeque .
I got it by my lonesome and had to eat it all in one sitting .
Enjoyed our meals here .
Ok , that 's the bad news and maybe they were shorthanded , but a lot of other Yelpers note the same problem with service issues .
I 've been here three times now- once dining - in , and twice picking up .
The other 2 burgers at the table were how they wanted them cooked so naturally I 'm the one that gets completely hosed .
We 've been sitting 30 minutes since they cleared our plates to get a check .
Notably I did n't see any houseflies , so I do n't think this is a garbage problem .
The soup tasted like dish water and our entrees were served at room temperature ( at best ) .
I was n't impressed with those which is sad for a happy hour .
I play the unicorn slot machine because it reminds me of the unicorns , my favorite band .
I made reservations for the bf 's birthday and because we were on a road trip .
She was very nice , giving us coffee and refills while we waited .
We will return even tho it is a drive from south Reno .
I think it 's no accident Lüke is located in the financial district .
On the other hand , I have friends that absolutely adore this place , so to all their own , it is worth trying .
The bread was identical ; it is almost - but - not - quite pita and was perfectly toasted .
We ordered the grilled veggies which were good .
Both items were big .
I chose the " Monte Cristo " for it 's sweet and savory combination .
I did request to take it off which took an additional 30 minutes !
She does n't eat fish and that is what I got .
I got a pulled pork sandwich , baked beans , and fried okra ... OMG , yum ! ! !
The bartenders were pretty quick to provide drinks as we waited , and the craft brew and cocktail menu is good .
we also got one called " el gitano " which had bacon , tomato , mozz , and basil inside .
We had a great last night in NOLA with our special dinner .
I did see someone eating the pasta con broccoli and true to other reviews , it looked terrible .
Plus , how incredibly rude is it to require a deposit for a table reservation anyway ?
At the end two people at our table were over charged had to argue with the manager .
Our server was kind enough to issue me a shirt for attempting and " coming the closest to finishing . "
So when we get the bill , the owner came over and told me to never come back ! !
( Although I 'm not new to the area ) I wanted to opt for the gluten free but that apparently was not part of the deal .
We did end up letting them know the service was poor , and the guy I was explaining to walked away as I was speaking !
I do n't know if you can tell from my pic but that was a lot of cheese .
Food was perfect apart from the rice which had a very weird minced meat .
The Cajun tasso omelet was fantastic .
The side dishes come out fast , and they are very fresh .
Attentive , but a touch inexperienced .
Softshell crab BLT , croque monsieur , and beignets oh my !
The food took 45 minutes .
The fries were crispy but nothing special .
I ordered fried tilapia , greens , yams , and mac and cheese .
The service is excellent and the all the staff are very friendly .
I order the chicken cheese steak and wings .
price was reasonable - i do n't remember being shocked at my portion of the bill .
This is my friendly , neighborhood coffee shop .
The hubster had Banana Foster french toast , which everyone talks about .
The bacon is to die for ! !
We had the carnitas tacos and pulled pork sandwich .
Still not certain what the starch was beneath the greens ...
The food was authentic and the service was great .
Once I got home and unwrapped my treasures , I saw the portion size ...
I have never experienced such rude and unprofessional customer service .
Taking into account the whole experience , there were a few things that made me give it a 4 though .
I ca nt wait to go back and try the cheese appetizer that they light on fire ! ! !
Went in for an early dinner and really enjoyed everything .
No outside seating .
Please note the date we visited this place was 8/14/16 at 4:30pm .
They 're croissants are to die for we ordered a few different coffees and they were great !
All the rest of the food was bland bland bland .
Service was fishy , food was pretty good , and i m hoping it was just an off night here .
He says , " well the bartender motioned to you all " .
Our experience was lackluster to say the least .
The Fry 's were not the best but the egg and cheese made it all worth it .
Skip the chicken wings as they were very tiny and overdone , but the calamari was super tender and delicious .
and to top it off , they over charged my credit card .
An amazing and innovative new establishment , we stopped in on a weekend trip from Vegas .
I believe the closest restroom would be in the flea market area of the French Market District .
All the plates were cleaned .
Nonetheless , we had a great meal .
I just had some minor complaints about the food and drinks but overall had a very good experience .
It was hot , a bit greasy , and very flavorful .
Any business can experience a snafu , so it was very nice of them to own it and rectify the problem .
The style has a soft middle crust , almost white and underdone ( to me ) which apparently is authentic .
A very welcome addition to the south side .
This place is great the owner is very friendly and the Briana the server is wonderful !
She was very friendly and explain the menus and the concept of the restaurant to us .
Fiance had the braised short ribs which was so good .
Tried their chicken hoagie .
Nobody was impressed ( other than the waitress / hostest with her phone ) and both dishes went unfinished .
The pizza arrived looking delicious with the crust charred in a few places .
No one was singing at the time of my departure , but there was definitely a rowdier bunch gearing up .
Akira made no exception .
We went there twice in once day !
Thoughtful service .
The healthy bagel is highly recommended & he has the best fresh teas ! !
One of my favorite Thai places .
The service was probably one of the worst that I 've ever received , which is too bad because it seemed pretty nice otherwise .
The donuts are very sweet .
My roommate had to push the plate across the counter because the smell was so terrible as he was trying to eat his own meal .
It was cheesy and seasoned , something I was not expecting , so kudos !
I am so happy to have such a good sushi restaurant so close to our house now .
The staff is very friendly , it 's a very homey feeling restaurant .
I 'm new to the area so I 'm so happy to have found such a gem .
It 's very cool and rustic but a little modern industrial too .
Salad and entree were good but not particularly memorable ; the lemon posset was a bit of a miss in my opinion .
I especially like the crust as you can take one look and know that it is hand tossed and not " machine - made " as some places do .
I had about 3 glasses !
A real shame for a bourbon cherry to go bad in a drink like that .
It 's a nice way to start the day !
I did n't mind taking the walk down Magazine Street just to eat here .
My husband and I grew up on the west coast , so we have pretty high standards for our Mexican food .
It was last Saturday , there was a parade ..
The wait staff was very friendly and explained things with ease .
These folks have it together and are very engaging .
I remember drinking tasty red wine ( of course ) so I ca n't remember what it was ( also of course ! ) .
You definitely pay for wht u get
The best thing I can say is the bread was fine and the butter was n't frozen .
I mean , for Pete 's sake already , throw a little more meat on there , will ya ?
My friends got the drafts and it was also just ok in my book .
This place is terrible .
I had the mac and cheese , which was a special and it was n't on the menu , but it was AMAZING .
Ordered the thin catfish platter through the drive through and the service was quick and pleasant .
Yucca fries .
We also got a pound of cookies from the bakery area at the front and I 've only had 2 of them so far but they are really good .
The food is always great but the last few times I 've been there it has been a bad experience .
It was average but not spectacular like their other dishes .
We are there last night , and we 're gon na go back again tonight .
We tried the brussel sprouts at the request of our server who offered to take them off the bill if we did n't like them .
All you can eat catfish was delicious !
The French dip and the Cubano are my favorites .
I called to thank them for the great salad !
Furthermore , the wait staff is obnoxious and had bad attitudes .
And three - I do n't feel that the customer should be asked if they would like fresh food , it 's awkward and inappropriate .
My husband and I are not " spring chickens " , but we love to Par - Tee .
They open at 9:30 am on most days ... pho for breakfast y' all ? ? ?
The chipotle pizza was excellent as was the service .
Crystal was enthusiastic , charming , and very knowledgeable about their menu .
Make sure to check out the saltwater pool and hot tub , too .
It 's a damn good burger .
Very poor and barely no communication the entire service .
The decor is classy and modern enough and does n't feel old and outdated like many of the " standards " in the FQ .
In summary , the food was pretty hit or miss , pretty mediocre for this price point .
The weightier had to take our order several times because he forgot what we said .
I really enjoyed the guac and the drinks .
I saw Gio 's listed on a list of italian restaurants in the area and decided to try it out .
I 'm not one for hyperbole but I can say this was the worst crawfish I 've ever had in New Orleans .
I have no clue , but these guys do !
Finally , my tights ripped because they snagged on splinters when I walked by their stage area .
The food is relatively affordable , it 's not Chinatown cheap , but it 's not expensive either .
The wife got a pulled pork sandwich , and salivated over every bite .
Favorite local Indian place .
Funny observation - I would say that almost half the people in there were college aged girls .
Great service and the food was amazing !
The decor and atmosphere is a cool upscale casual .
Fresh carrot juice , salad , crab cakes and eggs .
Very trendy place .
The food came out in a good time and it tasted great .
Listed as a service charge was $ 7.73 - she had included her own gratuity after the hair was found .
Ps I had a fork straight from hell .
The only issue was that the food was slow to come out but I immediately forgot that after the first bite .
When we raised the issue with management , all they did was apologize and failed to comp the meal .
Was very disappointed to be informed that this resturant claimed to have a business casual dress code on a Saturday evening .
But the waiter was VERY knowledge about the entire Food & Drinks menu .
It was n't bad , but ALL of the Cuban bread I 've ever eaten was much better .
Went in with a rather large group .
My husband and I have been going to Tamarindos for 10 + years since it is very near to where we live and serves marvelous food .
We got there at 6:30pm to find out they now changed the happy hour , hour to now end at 6 pm .
Fries are hand cut , fried fresh , perfectly crispy and salty .
I ordered the apple cobbler for dessert .
the chicken curry is consistent -- perfectly spiced , garlicy .
Then , as we were sitting down enjoying our coffees , I turned around to look at the counter for WiFi info .
The drinks were touristy and just ok .
The 2 people in my party , got the Margherita , it was like your typical pizza shop , good , but average .
The cheese it uses is great and the dish comes out sizzling hot .
We had the shrimp risotto and fried green tomato stack - amazing !
Atmosphere & service were awesome as well .
The sandwich itself was great !
This is a nice quaint place .
The valet was also very convenient .
We bought 2 lbs of crawfish , 1 lb of boiled shrimp ( they ran out of crab ) , some sausage and tried the marinated crab .
I did n't want soda so I ended up paying $ 1.79 for my tap water .
My stay away from on the pizza front it sucks too because they are always timely and nice ! !
A bit expensive but the only deli I 'd go to in the area .
Only to put the order back in the kitchen 's queue , not at the front of the line , where it should have gone .
Lunch special soup was Tom Yum and was incredibly salty .
The long was line and we did wait a long time but once we ordered the food did n't take as long as I thought .
Cheese fondue was delicious .
I can not comment on the food as I had only a couple beers .
We both got asada but agreed next time to go with the chicken as the steak was a little chewy but still flavorful .
No manager or owner came over , nothing .
The coleslaw was amazing and fresh good fresh crunch .
The server was super sweet .
We have been checking out the reviews a week prior to our visit .
Ah well , it was a nice gesture to a hungry man .
I think we need to meet our St Charles friends , the L 's there .
When it came out it was steamed veggies with rice .
And they called me back to iron out a pricing discrepancy as well !
( With a blindfold and 1 hand tied behind my back .
The first time I came here was for a birthday dinner and it 's become a favorite ever since .
The main reason I took the star is because their crab rangoons were a bit dry .
A note on the wine menu : sorted into reds and whites .
We visited the Ihop on Canal Street after a day of traveling and were seated by a friendly waitress .
My friend and I got a recommendation for this place because of its half price Sushi Monday - Thursday .
It was two of the kids birthdays and they really enjoyed being sung to by the staff .
Holy oversalted batter , Batman !
I ca n't believe I forgot to review this place !
This resturant wo n't last .
that 's how much I miss going here ... Sigh .....
We even had our own bar and the best part that its BYOTEQUILA .
The gooey butter cookies were awesome and the German chocolate cupcake simply amazing !
But when you charge $ 4.95 to replace fries with fruit , that 's just absurd .
I loved the bread it came with , but the hummus did nt have much pop to it .
For all you Irish people that are expecting it to be as good as home , it most certainly is nothing like it .
They have several tables outside and facing the Monon where
I loved the pizza .
Our waiter was very professional and helpful with recommendations .
Yes , it gets made in front of you , but it gets made wrong in my opinion .
Most people at my table got the steak and ribs which was also very good .
I had been wanting to try this place for a while , ever since I passed by it one day .
I feel like I 'm walking into a bodega .
So glad I finally listened to my boyfriend ....
The wings are the best in the area hands down !
We had the front room for 30 people , and it was a perfect amount of space .
Was in a bit of a hurry so trusted them to fulfill the order for what I paid for , should have know better .
We also all shared a beet salad and the roasted cauliflower - excellent even after the gluttonous cornbread !
However , my wife convinced me to try Basimo , and I 'm certainly glad that we did .
So I 'm super confused as to why everyone rags on this place .
We went around 6 pm for happy hour so , understandably the bar was busy but that is no excuse for poor service .
I asked for spicy and it was n't hot at all .
The food , as usual , was good .
The last time I was here it took a long time to get our food .
We took pizza home the first time and ate in the restaurant for our second visit .
The Sashimi is limited to eight pieces per person and its thin slices of fish with no rice .
It was huge and salmon in every bite .
My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his fried green tomatoes as well .
The burger was great .
This was adorable and helped to teach Henry to learn that he gets food away from the people outside eating .
The staff is very nice and the presentation of the food is unbelievable !
It is like a German pizza .
It was a tad bit expensive for a thin crust pizza with minimal toppings but it was very yummy .
The buffet was okay , most of the food was lukewarm ... which is never good for a restaurant .
Adorable restaurant !
The food was great , and having a Thai friend order food that I was n't familiar with was all the better .
I do n't know , I would skip this place unless you 're starving and there happens to not be a line that day .
I 've never been a huge fan of this place but my husband likes it .
I ca n't think of anything off the top of my head that I 've eaten recently that was that bad .
I 'm from Jersey & this place has the closest thing to a NY bagel in the Bay Area .
A good sign upon walking in were the empty boxes of liscios rolls outside .
The bun was soaking up all the delicious grease from the cheese and the meat , and the whole experience was just great .
The avocado egg rolls are amazing too !
Hot , crispy , juicy , tender and flavorful all at once .
My pizza was delicious and quickly delivered !
I love this place more and more each time I come .
We had a Country Omelette , and the Wildflower Signature Scrambled plate .
The name says it all though , " Fresh Express Food Court " , so expect a little below mediocre food !
The service is excellent , but far more importantly the quality of the food is simply superb .
The four BBQ sauces on the table are distinct and awesome .
My friend and I were going bonkers while picking our bread .... they had salvadorean quesadillas ! !
Everything is covered in glitter now ... not sure how I feel about this .
The place requires you pay 2.00 to park as it is a state beach .
The Japanese food is excellent as well .
Best description by someone else : " Best gourmet mexican food "
Went to Wang Gang for lunch today .
His interpretations really made me like Arabic people more than Jewish .
The bartender was attentive and friendly although he was very busy .
We stayed at the Palomar Hotel and stopped by for a drink one night .
After deciding to leave the waiter tried to force us food asking if we wanted the duck that we did n't ask for .
You have a choice of " sauces . "
We will come back to Terra Sur should we ever be in the neighborhood .
They were more than happy to explain to us their beer selection and gave us samples often !
Besides that all other rolls were decent .
It is n't greasy AND it tastes good . The atmosphere is very mom and pop .
Ca n't wait to try ( afford ) their steaks ! !
It came with cornbread , but it was very dry .
It is BYOB but they do have tea and other drinks .
Thanks Tony 's I saved me $ 35 dollars ! ! !
We liked the grilled oysters the best .
After , we tried the seafood paella which was full of seafood and sausage .
We will without a doubt be returning here
Second party even bigger our hosts rented the whole restaurant for a private party .
Deffinetly a new favorite .
We have come for different concerts here and they are always very enjoyable .
We have been back a few more times since .
The cookie skillet was a very nice ending , great cookie .
Stephannos is right up the road , and they make a great pie without the drama .
Cheesesteak was amazing and was cooked to perfection .
We 've gone here 3 times snow and it 's an okay place for a night out .
I was feeling a lot better by Monday so I called them that morning to make a reservation .
Easily two meals , their sandwiches are quite large , thank goodness since I thought almost $ 10 was a bit pricey .
The salads and sandwiches are very good ...
The lady at the counter , Kelly , is super friendly , it 's so nice to be served by spirited happiness .
They 're incredibly lazy and uncaring with that part of the business .
The line was very small and they served quickly as a pose to another location that had the line wrapped around the store !
Like giant slices over a measly amount of bacon .
The appetizer was a fantastic mix of tangy and slightly sweet using all Louisiana ingredients .
Hit and miss service ruined the experience .
My son got the wild blueberry pancakes which were equally fantastic .
We ordered baklava and it was stale .
I was visiting town for work and needed a place to watch my blues take on barfalona and came across Chatham .
I want to know what happened to this place .
We sent them back and asked if they could send us fresh grits but unfortunately the new grits were the same .
After the server gave us our food finally ... he never came back to check if we needed anything else .
They were freshly made to order and came inside a plastic container .
For our entree , we split the gnocchi , which was about as good as gnocchi gets , and the reason you should visit St.
The parking was n't too bad , think we got lucky .
Reminded me a little bit of Empresso in Stockton with the ambiance and of course baked goods and food offerings .
We were looking for a healthy alternative to fast food on our road trip through Nashville and were so pleased to find the Cafe .
I have been here twice and was displeased both times .
It was excellent and the fries were fine too .
The service was friendly .
After witnessing a fabulous nighttime view , I ca n't wait to return to check out the spectacular sunsets .
Ok so this is my favorite place to have a great beer and excellent food !
Was n't the end of the world , so I just enjoyed it , and it was good , but just speak up if you want an espresso .
I have always been confused by this concept .
An absolute gem .
We got the local crab special which was a steamed 3 - lb .
We loved everything we tried and had the opportunity to also meet the owner .
After a minute or two , the fellow said " go ahead " and left .
I thought I got that right and that our server understood the order .
An employee actually stepped over a puddle to get himself a soda .
The food and its location being really close to my house are the only reasons I come back .
I do n't personally care for their home - made sausages ( chicken or pork ) because they are a little too lean for my preference .
We 'll be back before you can say ' ayyeeee que lindo '
I had the pick two seafood platter , and I chose shrimp and oysters .
Since breakfast was what we came for , we left .
The crawfish po - boy here was beautiful .
I also enjoyed the Dunham cabernet .
I would order everything we got again , including the delicious desserts , and ca n't wait to try the rest of the menu !
You can see pictures of all the famous people who have eaten here including President Obama .
I absolutely love acai bowls so I had to stop in when visiting from Seattle .
Overall , this is n't fine dining by any stretch .
At that point I did n't even want anything else so he left and left the food on the table .
We had a group of 6 , spent $ 85 .
When I finally got my much anticipated meal i was shocked at the size of the dish .
There were so many times when our glass was empty for more than 10 minutes .
The sandwich was * almost * good but there was so little ranch that I barely tasted it and my sandwich was rather dry .
Veggies were flavorful and the crust was thin and delicious .
Very small , casual , laid - back dining area ( but nice ) .
I have great memories ... but alas , that 's all I have left , it seems .
The staff was very friendly and flexible .
The menu was delightful and the items sounded delicious .
I had the tacos al pastor .
Dinner ranged from Blackened Red Fish Po'Boy served w/ Cajun chips , crab stuffed Missouri catfish to Shrimp & Grits .
The food was authentic and brought me back to Italy .
I had a Turkish pizza which was incredible .
Again , the burger was very juicy and well seasoned .
It is a pretty cool place being on the water .
My friends love having her wait on us .
Also - there is no air conditioning .
The staff made great recommendations and the food was very good .
The food was different - woodsy - gamey but good .
The sangria is lovely and the selection of tapas is good .
The kids working there did a great job ! !
Our waitress was so friendly , patient and answered all our questions thoroughly .
The chicken andouille sausage gumbo was fair .
My husband loved the collard greens .
Awesome food , drink and personnel ! !
That corn cake is also like crack too .
I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki platter .
us , could n't even pay for my desert ..
I went there for a quick lunch and just had and great time I stayed for an hour talking to the guy !
PV is quite small with little waiting space , the bar Kite & Key across the street is a good spot to wait and have a drink .
We could n't have been more pleased with the atmosphere , food and service .
I proposed to my wife there , and it holds a special place in my heart .
It was disgusting and very dangerous if my son had eaten that .
I was expecting an apology and someone to provide us with the replacement if not refund but nothing of the sort .
The tenderloin was moist and perfectly cooked , and the hint of mint in the pickled rhubarb really tied the dish together .
Wait staff was attentive and is well trained .
$ 10 and I took half of it home .
This is their ( chinks ) Joe 's original location .
There was so much that we are going to enjoy it again at home .
I know again the place is new , but there was no personality to it , it was too sterile .
They 're good as donuts go -- not greasy , kind of cake - y but not dense .
As entrees , I ordered the braised short ribs , which was not hot when served to me .
Their menu is on a chalkboard hung high right above the order counter .
We ended up with a weird pile of fish after we butchered it .
We did n't make it to desserts but the Roasted Peaches caught my attention .
Food was superb !
I would have rathered gone to the olive garden or macaroni grill .
And they do n't take reservations .
After waiting 45 minutes , we already knew what we wanted to order , so ordered immediately after being seated at 6:30 .
My bf was n't as impressed as I was , so I ca n't tell how clouded I was with joy for finding some favorites .
We went 3 quizzo nights in a row .
The waitress said that our apps were given to another table and they had already started eating it .
It is a little weird because it is attached to maggianos .
Kanella had excellent appetizers !
I 'm from Baton Rouge Louisiana so I know traditionally how Gumbo should look and taste , bottom line it was not good at all .
My boyfriend had a Poorboy , and thought it was mediocre at best too .
They had 8 - 10 flavors to choose from so we got 4 of them .
My wife and I have gone here 5 times now in the last couple months .
His skills are hands down the best and he 's also a really great human being to talk to .
My personal favorites are the butternut squash salad , the El Guapo burger , and their sweet potato fries .
I ca n't really comment on the authenticity , I 've never been to Greece ...
Go sit at the bar and chat with Alex .
I have to say my favorite part was their English Breakfast Tea made with a french press and fresh honey .
Unfortunately , something went horribly wrong with this soup .
On a more positive note , one of the joys of Blue Sage remains its distinctly non - threatening menu .
I just wo n't share my fries .
It reminds me of all the old Szechuan places on Spadina in Toronto , except marginally better and more upscale .
The restaurant is spacey inside and our server was really nice but the food was typical chain style southern food .
My biscuit was cold , dry and hard .
If you 're not a meat eater this probably is n't your place ( unless you 're fine with filling up on sides ) .
Girlfriend and I stopped by for lunch one day and ordered the fried chicken and the duck sandwich .
Our entrees were decent , not wow , but good .
Staff was very friendly too :) I will be back soon !
Some would share it , but for others , it 's just right .
I 'm not sure if they do n't want business , if they 're too busy , if the phone slipped ... but I called back and it happened again .
+ Long wait so get there early or later during lunch time .
It 's the average Mexican restaurant in Nashville .
So I got the swordfish .
Joe is an amazing man and very wonderful and friendly .
I have n't found any other places as good in the area , so it 's worth a visit if you 're in KoP or Norristown .
I had n't thought about it until now ... but I feel she was trying in code to tell me not to eat there .
This is one of the few places my wife and I are willing to drive 2 hours just to have dinner at .
Good choice on the franchisee part .
Yes I rolled my eyes !
The best part is dessert .
The noise level was n't too bad but the sheets were a bit questionable .
The orange juice was so diluted that it had no flavor .
On a side note , Honey 's always seemed to be part of the worlds longest walk of shame .
Actually two reasons , 1 ) it 's a great spot , 2 ) they have only a handful of tables .
The lattes are amazing as is the cappuccino and a good old - fashioned regular cup of coffee !
Wo nt be going back definitely have had better burgers elsewhere like Axis pizza in uni city .
The sauce was sweet and tasty and all around a great pizza .
this is my favorite thai in the city .
My husband and I have been to this dinner quit a few times and not once have we ever been disappointed .
They had really cool decor .
When I brought my dissatisfaction to the waiters attention , he agreed that there should have been more and apologized .
Totally recommend this place .
The manager came out and all they did was apologize .
The feta cheese was a bit heavy handed for my taste .
We had dinner her twice since it was so good .
Loved everything about the place !
He absolutely loved the veal .
I went in today around 3 pm .
Unfortunately it was hard to enjoy the food because despite the spices there were hardly any refills .
I need n't have feared though ; by the time we finished dinner at 9:30 ( more about that later ) the place was packed .
We ordered the hummus and this came with Afghan style flat bread that was hot and tasty .
The duck fries are so delicious .
Cafe au lait- mmmmm
Always a good experience since I 've been going there the last 2 years .
I finished the entire bowl ( something I 've never managed before ) and was just the right amount of full .
I sat outside which has heat lamps .
Other beers I tried were well rounded and delicious , but you do n't need me to tell you that .
No matter how you describe it , I had fun and so did everyone else .
I wonder how many people know that an Ouzaria is ?
I 've been twice and thought the second time might be better and it was n't .
It was delicious as well but just an fyi .
They did n't have enough menus when we were seated .
The corn and brocoli were good too , but the crab was definitely the star !
Have to say this hipster hangout surprised me .
The restaurant interior is a little cheap / dated .
The atmosphere feels very authentic though I 've never been to Morocco myself .
The breakfast croissant is so delicious as was the Strawberry Romanoff .
I'be been to this place twice now and I 'm so unimpressed .
( Same beef as Kayne Prime .
This place was definitely a good find .
The pesto potatoes are fabulous !
The smiles and enthusiasm when they start talking about their beer are a sweet relief .
We both opted for the steak tips special .
As an appetizer I get 6 blue point oysters which are amazing ! !
Even though it 's a chain restaurant , the food was still pretty good !
If they were closed then the door should of been locked or a sign on the door stating private party or something .
Came in to New Orleans to celebrate my aunt 's 50 birthday .
In addition , I do n't believe the staff should eat in the main dining area .
Fixed my bowl and chips and queso .
I 'm a big Subway fan !
The fried chicken was tasty , but the herb garlic chicken was just bizarre in taste .
Yes , the live music was enjoyable but that s really the best I can give it .
The lasagna was cheesy and flavourful , despite not having any meat in it .
Later we were told the regular chef was n't here and the kitchen was n't stocked due to the Memorial Day weekend .
Gators regularly cruise by , sometimes making it up the bank to bask in the sun .
But , the parlor room was so perfect .
This was my favorite breakfast so far ..
Did n't have much of an impression .
My boyfriend enjoyed the fried chicken livers and the fried oyster , but those are not two of my favorite things .
My major complaint would be that the coffee was just warm , which I loathe .
I needed 12 napkins ...
Loved the outdoor seating !
I love the sauce that comes w/ the tempura , and the Sea Bass Yakitori is sooooo delicious it melts in your mouth !
We sat down and waited 40 + mites to order our drinks , another 15 to receive them and that was just the start .
I used the app to put our party on the wait list and by the time we arrived we were seated In under 10 minutes .
Then our deep dish supreme was burnt and left a horrible after taste .
Had such an amazing FIRST visit here today , the staff were very nice and enthusiastic .
The minestra , the " pasta fazool , " warmed our chilled 9th street shoppers ' bones .
This place is a hidden gem .
The sandwich was great especially dipped in the soup .
Copa is usually busiest at noon on Wednesdays .
Old country buffet 's Chinese cousin opened up in the same place he left .
The service was superb , Carl , was a very professional and attentive bartender , she was always smiling too .
The recipes are creative and original .
I 'm not sure why this pho got 4 stars overall .
A surprise was that their chocolate mousse was outstanding .
I tried 3 different items , the Landmark IPA , Saison Dupant , and the Bahemian .
I hate to admit it , but it blows away Shalimar and India Garden on every level .
It 's an excellent way to spend a night in Clearwater Beach .
We got the chocolate cake for the table to share each time and everyone loved it .
Even more impressive is the lobby .
After a fun night out , my friends and I were in need of some serious brunch the next morning .
BBQ chicken and baked potatoe was way too salty and the place was very noisy .
Their guacamole is sooooo good and it 's so fresh .
This is a small coffe place own by Karyn , a blond sweet lady with a big smile !
Both times that I 've come it 's been dead .
That said , the food was ok .
The beer selection was large and the waitress was very knowledgable about the beers .
It also came with a fresh fruit bowl ! ! ! !
Stick with nigiri and you ca n't go wrong .
It was our second time here .
All of it was impressive for the price we paid .
I had no expectations going into this restaurant but left really happy !
Like shh stop .
I was standing basically in the middle of the restaurant next to a couple 's dinner table .
I had sangria , and it was typical .
The service was a bit slow but still attentive and the food was delicious .
There was a glowing rock and a strange plastic tree on my plate .
First night went here , great place and food .
The earls cake though----im drooling as I type .
They gave 2 small containers of BBQ sauce which was not enough .
The owners are a truly nice couple .
This is my second trip down to Florida this last couple months and I love this place .
All of the enticing beer in the world wo n't bring us back .
just pure yumminess ! !
But in the end it 's worth the wait !
Most recently , I went with my father to try the croissants and lavender latte .
Let me first start by saying this is my first ever Yelp review and I am only writing this because : THIS.PLACE.IS.AWESOME .
My wife had an omelette and I had the sampler .
The Cali fries were n't my absolute favorite -- felt like they were just doused in mayo .
It 's fun watching the chef putting everything together .
This is my favorite places to go to .
Went back with my mom because I could n't think of better competition at the time .
One of my most favorite Indian restaurants .
Tria 's employees are very knowledgeable about the selection of beers and wines they offer .
Chelsea behind the counter was very helpful and informed me you get a free sauce with the purchase of a fuel pack .
Several at our table got the shrimp po'boy and looked like that would 've been a much better option
I 'm not sure why this place does n't have more stars , but I love it here !
Having met the owner in the past and having his wife wait on me I knew something was n't right .
Show them the picture and they 'll know which one I am talking about .
Being from France , I had high expectations , I do n't play with my pastries !
The ambiance of this place is the patio looking at the corner of 21st and Belcort .
They really must like fries here because that is what was served with the chicken as well .
The fries were disappointing .
The hummus appeared to have a good texture , that is the little bit I could see under the ocean of olive oil .
Getting her to get us a check or for more water was impossible .
The Bloody Mary is amazing & awesome atmosphere .
The food was really good , that 's a solid 5 .
Had the rolls as an appetizer and they were so yummy !
This place is my favorite thing about coming to Tucson .
Pizzeria Vetri is hidden off of busy Benjamin Franklin Parkway in an oasis of restaurants on Callowhill Street .
They Cook in front of us as well !
We 'd love to go back , but the food is so pricey , we 'll probably wait until a ( very ) special occasion .
They make great suggestions if you 're not sure what you 're in the mood for .
We ordered enchiladas , steak , and I was disappointed once again .
There will never be a next time ....
The burger tasted fresh , not frozen , as did the fries .
She tried to offer us more time to look over the menu , which we had practically memorized by then .
This place was so delicious !
We just came here as there no options around , I 'd skip this place if possible .
First time visit the other day , amazing ! ! ! !
I was n't extremely impressed with the sides , I thought the mac could have been better !
This looks like a nightclub which really should n't be seen in the light of day .
Overall Luke was a great meal !
We were told a birthday party just came in so it would be 15 minutes but we could sit .
Absolutely fabulous stay at the Loews hotel Philadelphia !
The environment was very homey and the service was more than helpful .
The food arrived quickly .
Time we spent eating = 10 minutes
It 's a rare place where all 5 kids ask to return often ...
I opted for the eggplant parmesan .
Foie gras just does n't belong on a burger .
It was a good thing I decided to check out the menu online because once you go back and to the left it gets real - fast .
The other noodle soup we got ( brisket ) was terrible- no flavor at all .
SIDE NOTE : They have their own parking lot ! !
Other upscale restaurants we have been to will split the appetizer onto two plates when sharing but they did not .
My first trip back was for my birthday and it was at least 6 months after my initial visit .
El Limon is the best I 've ever had in the state of Pennsylvania !
I have to give them only three stars because it took 75 minutes to be delivered and the food was cold when it arrived .
We also had a coffee and frozen cappuccino .
Love big wide noodles .
Now for the food , the calamari fritta was delicious and lightly battered .
If you like it raw is their motto , and yes I do like it raw !
Our server was for the most part all business and not overly friendly .
Our entrees were very good : po - boy and fish of the day .
Went to the Acropolis the other night and had a really nice evening .
Mac and cheese was awesome .
My friend picked at it a little but ended up eating hardly any of it .
Even the platters that the food was served on were well thought through .
My dish was satisfactory overall especially when considering the price .
Our waiter , Peter , was an incredible guide through all the great menu options .
Probably , but it 's pretty awesome , you guys .
The line is outrageously long but it actually moves pretty fast and it is actually worth it .
Last pizza I got was good .
Only thing is the prices can be expensive if you just want something quick to eat ( $ 6 for a smoothie , really ? ) .
I do n't know how busy this place gets at nights or even on the weekend .
However , the food was overpriced and underwhelming .
Everything they make is incredible , from the cupcakes , to truffles , to handmade chocolates , to the waffles on Saturdays .
my waiter Greg was attentive and personable .
I was staving and this was a great little whole in the wall .
I ca n't say the same for the rest of the meal !
The food at this Qdoba was standard , but the service was horrible !
This was probably the first place I had a hoagie from .
Queso Fundido , spinach & mushroom enchilada , 2 mini chimichangas and chicken tinga taco .
It 's a very nice small cozy and super clean neighborhood coffee and crepe restaurant .
the murals are a bit out of place yet entertaining .
I was n't listening when he ordered , and by the color and taste , I guessed it was grapefruit .
Great place , my husband and I have been eating here easily for 10 years every Friday night .
The chicken fingers are good too ...
The building itself has lots of character and we loved the upstairs patio .
I called ahead for seating at 8 pm but it seems as though we could have just walked in- we ate upstairs .
Even though they said they add a 18 % grat on your ticket , they did n't on mine .
The actual huevos rancheros base is flavorless .
With just a few tables seated for lunch it took an hour to get our food .
I walk in and the toothpick chewing attendant is sitting on a stool .
The entire time the manager , a short haired blonde females with glasses I could hear explained the entire thing .
For the price I paid , I should not have left hungry .
When it arrived , there was no utensils or napkins .
They left bruises and marks all over my body , injured my knee to the point I 'm limping , ripped my shirt , and broke my glasses .
The sandwich was heavy on the onions and light on the meat , so it could have been better .
Their fish hoagie is really tasty and their turkey chops are as well .
big mistake .
Big mistake .
This is a great place to go for pasta .
This place has gone so far downhill it 's not even funny .
I got the veggie burger and my BF got a regular bacon cheese burger .
From the very creative appetizers , salads , main courses and homemade desserts , it was a culinary adventure .
The food I ordered was decent but the wait time for my family 's order was ridiculous !
The manager Gary said this hardly ever happens .
Anyway , after my initial shock and disappointment when I opened the container , I started digging into the chicken .
I used to come to this place all the time when i was in college .
We 've been there several times and always have a great experience !
I ca n't wait to take other people there .
I had the Mediterranean pizza and I thought it was excellent .
Very rarely do I visit an establishment and made to feel like I am part of your family .
The pink petal drink was delicious as well as our lunch , which was the chicken salad sandwich and soup or arugula salad !
Filet and scallops were amazing !
My tongue was on cloud nine ( guess that 's not entirely possible but you know what I mean ) .
The front room are where the meats live , but that 's not what we were after .
Same Franzone 's as the Bridgeport one I grew up with .
This was a magical creation .
We got two gyro platters ( great ! ) and a chicken souvlaki ( probably even better , big chunks of chicken ) .
there was one night that some guy was trying to read a book and some dudes were being total assholes right behind him .
2 deviled eggs for $ 6 ..... GEESH .
Everyone was pleased with their meal ( menu is small but well executed ) .
This was my first visit to Tarpon Springs .
My wife had a sweet and savory brunch grilled cheese .
Just my personal taste .
It was the worst service I have received in a very long time .
We came for lunch !
We we able to get street parking about 2 blocks down the street , so that is always a plus .
I got the bazooka toast , it was amazing !
The HOUSE - MADE sausage provided several enjoyable burps throughout the evening .
Total bill came out to 102.00 not worth the wait or the food
I literally asked why they bother to label ANYTHING as vegetarian and the employee said " the bread is vegetarian . "
Luke is really my " go to " in the city .
By the time we left at about 6 , there were so many people waiting .
So this was the last stop after a night out with Kate B and Stewart P.
Mine was perfectly cooked , juicy and falling off the bone .
The view is simply amazing .
My dad got one of the hash meals and my mom got oatmeal with marinated berries .
The second time I got the frose and the cookie crunch cheesecake .
Best oysters I 've ever had , hands down .
It was more like the best thin crust pizza , both hot and crisp .
I chose it mostly for the bacon but the miso , olive oil , and praline each hit their notes with every bite .
My wife and I have been coming into Josef 's on the weekends for some time .
Really cool stuff .
I 'm calling the front desk and no one is answering .
The coffee was good too .
I also got a really moist and delicious slice of lemon pound cake .
She said I must be wrong because her pho is the best of the best , even better than all the places in Vietnam .
Our pizza was piping hot and drool - worthy .
DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS IMOS .
I ordered a ribeye and it was the best cut of meat I 've ever had in my life .
They also said told us they could n't communicate with the kitchen and serve food which also seemed odd .
Every dish we had was perfectly spiced , and the dosa was great !
Chef Brad Sobo does an amazing job here .
We also got an extra 20 tokens for scheduling online and an extra 100 for having the party on a Sunday .
While the ambience feels and looks casual , it is fine dining .
The sauce they were served with was divine .
Its been ages I had such a perfect chaat ...
Jonny 's has a great happy hour everyday and it 's very laid back .
Cuernavaca is a great place for tacos .
Since the description said it was topped w/ crawfish , we thought , this would be easy .....
I really enjoyed my dinner at Slate .
Always friendly and accommodating ; Sushi Rose is by far the best Sushi in town .
The interior is moody and upscale but not unapproachable .
Chow chow was a sweet slaw , which was good but a little too sweet for me .
There was one server taking care of 5 tables , she was great and very cheerful .
The place was really nice and clean but I wo n't be visiting again .
The food is decent and I will definitely go there from time to time , but it 's not a favorite .
I got the shrimp and grits .
Why do n't they serve on a napkin ?
That implies that they are free , but actually the sticks were $ 1.49 and the dressing ( which was bad ) was $ 1.10 .
Smaller place down a side street but very worth it .
If you like cannoli , if you do n't think you like cannoli , you should definitely get one from Termini Bros.
The wait staff was wonderful , and many of my friends said they would return !
I do n't think they charge a cover here most of the time , so remember to tip your entertainers - and servers of course !
So everyone is entitled to a bad day but I must say , 97 % of the time this place is a well oiled machine !
We stopped by today to pu a couple of salads for lunch .
And it would be helpful if the waiter noted the extra fee when we ordered .
The Thai ribs were so good !
The food is amazing .
the food is amazing .
how did they know ? ! ) with a little candle in it .
I went with about 11 of my girlfriends .
The bouncers do not have any restraint .
I had biscuits and gravy - so yummy ! !
I deducted one star because the place can be a bit cramped .
The food portion was definitely generous .
We had " frequent buffet " cards from a previous visit that we did not bother to get stamped , as we will not be returning .
It was nicely flavored and the gamey taste was subtle .
I ended up with the " Jewish coonass , " which was absolutely AMAZING .
Max delivered great food with a contagious smile !
The lo mien was Ok but again it was a small portion .
If that 's too long of a journey , find the closest Shipleys to the state line .
You could n't tell who was an employee and who was a customer !
I really want to love this place , but they make it so hard .
Had to cut myself off after that , it was only 10:30 in the morning and these things went down easy .
This is what my family ordered .
He came by our little counter / table and was super friendly and have us lots of background 411 about the restaurant ( eg .
I prefer this location because of the atmosphere and the micheladas .
We got in at 8 , and they came for the drink order at 8:25 .
The in laws who do n't do raw seafood loved the tartare !
Mind blowing even .
Was n't impressed by the crazy long lines and only 1 person working , took absolutely forever and was definitely not worth it .
I would n't go out of my way to go back .
The atmosphere is super pleasant and interesting .
i definitely recommend the spicy sauce over the sweet ( which was a little too sweet - tomatoey for me ) .
It 's a casual place without " casual " prices .
Etoufee of blue crab and brown shrimp on pasta was very good .
We were looking for a place to eat and stumbled across this gem .
Nothing wrong with any of the food , the chefs are amazing and we all enjoyed our food .
We were there to visit with friends we have n't seen in a while !
But we went there for my birthday last week and the food was horrible .
It 's not just a great dinner , it 's a friendly hang as well .
We share the cuban .
The ribs , brisket , pulled pork , greens , mac - n - cheese were amazing
Service was fast and friendly ( except waiting for a waiter to initially be assigned to us - " Hi !
I had seen reviews stating the food was greasy , but ours was all cooked perfectly and fresh tasting !
Ca n't wait to try their margaritas next time !
None of the staff was friendly or concerned about my experience .
my second course was the calamari it was bland , fried too hard and rubbery .
I tried the drinks and they were great , especially they strawberry basil and cherry limeade .
just the sauce alone was Fabulous and he 's Italian and we know sauce .
The after taste is smooth and spicy .
If i could afford to live inside here i would but then i would eat everything and they would have to roll me out the door .
What was confusing was there were many different servers approaching our table so we never had one set waiter .
It was beautifully prepared , spicy with well cooked pasta and tasty seafood .
Ultimately , it makes it a really relaxing place to sit down and have a cat with friends .
The burgers taste like something you 'd eat at a neighborhood barbecue , nothing special .
My husband and I were wandering around Doylestown and looking for a place for a late lunch / snack .
tator tots was soft and crunchy and , again , greasy .
Service by Andre is top notch and he 's attentive and genuinely cares about his customers !
I came here with my partner for lunch and was pleasantly surprised .
It was amazing and the portion was great .
It 's unappealing look added to its bad taste .
The toilet was leaking in the rest room .
The inside of the restaurant is small but quaint .
In the end , I hate giving such a bad review to such kind people but there was nothing good or authentic about the cuisine .
So , after being seated and given menus , we had enough time to memorize the menu .
My friend and I arrived around 600 on a Wednesday and the place was pretty empty .
The only redeeming factor up at this hotel was the roof top restaurant where we had perfect service & a lovely time .
Stayed at the Holiday Inn while on vacation , and thought we would give it a try this place is beautiful !
The floor is uniformly sticky .
Went tonight and had an awesome beer ... an awesome burger ... and awesome onion rings !
So , as we 're walking by heading for Indian food , one companion tells us about the G.R.
I do n't understand why Yelp has two separate listings for the same restaurant ?
This was the best meal I 've ever had in New Orleans and I 've never had a bad meal in that town .
Very good bread .
Great place for drinks and the sunset .
We did the 4 course meal .
It 's perfect the way it is .
There did n't appear to be a mid - movie service either .
The chicken adobo meat was n't that fresh .
I had 5 kids waiting for dinner , it was raining and said I could n't get back .
There was no change to the website and no change on yelp .
The building is gorgeous , the decor is choice , and the artwork is beautiful .
Everyone enjoyed their meals .
The cole slaw was edible but nothing special .
Got there at quarter to 3 and the restaurant closed at 3 .
The food arrived very late though .
The food was just ok , I 'm not sure I 'd go back ... it was forgettable .
The coleslaw is unique and delicious !
The highlight was the lemon ice box pie , so made up for the somewhat slow service .
this was probably my most frequented happy hour stop during my tour de tucson .
She also asked about a specific dish she was interested and got a general answer like mine .
The mac and cheese would have benefited from sharp cheddar and a little cayenne ; it was pretty bland .
It was over cooked , tough and chewy .
I would n't recommend going if you do n't plan on getting a shake .
The calamari and pirogi were really great .
We again approached the hostess area and asked if she could please find our server .
such a cute little coffee shop !
My husband had the fried pie .
Did n't take long for food .
After going back and forth , another lady came to the phone and I told her I will give my cc number and she will run the refund .
We d they have all u can eat crabs .
Mac ' n Cheese was good and a little spicy .
whatever now I have to eat pasta Mista
I got a few chili rellenos and a tamale .
It took 25 minutes to get to the box to order with only 4 cars in front of me .
The short time we got to enjoy the jazz band on deck before the storm blew in was Fantastic ! !
I came here the day after the final day of the bar exam .
I think they 've actually changed this to a roasted salmon , which I 'm sure is delightful .
I 'm on the road a lot and have dined at some of the best restaurants in the U.S.
We had green beans , finger potatoes , creamed spinach , 2 types of pasta , roast beef , gumbo and roast pork loin .
We took advantage of the half off house wine- excellent malbec !
You also get a complementary shot of Limoncello which is fun , and their dessert selection is also top - notch .
Ok , so food sat in the window .
Serine was good , food was great .
I really wanted to be able to leave a good review , this place is within walking distance so the location is super convenient .
The waiter was really patient and helpful and easily handled our energetic group .
They have so many good choices .
I am a huge fan of Elmo 's and I will probably like this place a lot more next time I go .
The brisket is extremely tender , and so is the pork .
There 's so many things to do and see .
When we went to pay we saw a sign for water or tea for $ 1 a drink .
We ordered two ramen bowls , two sushi rolls , and a vegan poke bowl for four people and were satisfied .
I forget what it 's called but it contained shrimp , oyster and a tiny crab claw .
And when they say " as soon as it 's ready " they mean within 5 minutes of your order .
The food is incredible .
and then we got some chips and guacamole and al pastor and lengua tacos ..
My boss knows I 'm a foodie , and had been raving about this place for weeks .
Last came the white bean cassoulet .
But it 's still nit my favorite style of seating ...
Great place up on the mesa near lazy acres .
My husband and I drove about 40 minutes for our Saturdate and this place was phenomenal !
Do n't worry about the location .
Great spot for lunch ! !
I took the sandwich home , hoping to heat it up later .
We had the steak and lamb for the entrees in addition to the grit soufflé and foie gras for appetizers .
Kevin talks very fast - but he definitely knows what he is talking about .
First of all - the servers and workers are all very nice and friendly .
My friend got an agave sweetened margarita for $ 9 and we all thought it tasted like straight agave nectar and water .
But I took a star off for the terrible breaded chicken topping - it 's almost grey .
It did n't last long on my plate .
There are 2 motels next to it and Rummel High School is around the corner .
Unfortunately for the server , the non - free glasses came out of her tip .
the noodles were slightly overcooked and the marinara sauce was very bland .
My husband enjoyed them .
We stayed at the Sheraton and they recommend this place .
Got the butternut squash bisque and it tasted odd .
I actually brought it to our waiters attention and asked if they could be turned down .
Do n't like being a hater , but 1st knock on it
We then requested our checks , which is the first thing they brought promptly all night .
We gave them several chances and kept coming back hoping it was just a flux but it was not .
The soup had hardly any taste to it .
By the sound of the name you would n't think it was Mexican food but it was .
The employee who was now helping me did not understand the coffee sizes .
The food is delicious and steaming hot !
My husbands tortellini tasted like it was frozen , same with the calamari .
The Sea Bream has a really crispy skin , the fish is well cooked .
Our service was phenomenal , wine was delicious , and the food we tried was tasty !
Overall , we had an awesome experience , and will absolutely be going back again in the near future .
I only went because a friend who was visiting from out of town wanted to go .
I ordered fried shrimp .
Anyway it 's closer than cinebistro so I 'm glad for that .
I went back for dinner and was impressed again by the size of the portions .
And they decorated my plate too !
if the weather is nice ( usually in Reno ) there is picnic tables available on the east side of the building as well .
Our bartender recommended the Washington Apple shots , which were not too sweet and an alright break from our beers .
The atmosphere is quaint , cute , and comfortable .
Only place in NOLA that has n't been hospitable !
Only had brunch here a few times , absolutely love the food and all you can drink Bellinis .
Mom got the caramel cheesecake for dessert .
Overall , Its recommend for a good coffee and brunch !
The service is rude and the decor is too futuristic / weird .
It was one of the best meals I have had .
We waited for about another 15 and no one approached us again , so we left .
Talked to another couple there who was thinking of returning the next time to order the dishes we ordered !
So the first time I came here it was on a Sunday , the restaurant was not busy and received good food / service .
I loved the hint of grainy mustard and the huge pieces of crab .
I used the wrong name in my check in .
Good sign # 1 : when she brought my tea , she also brought an extra pitcher to my table so I could refill the iced tea myself !
My brother picks me up on the tarmac in Tampa Airport , he has a Limo Business in FLA ..
It is a charming place .
We are so happy to have a delicious place to eat and drink in our neighborhood .
Bad traffic enroute caused me to arrive at the resuaurant ( hole - in - the - wall , dive , dump ) 40 minutes after I placed my order .
It was great . Unfortunately that is it for alcohol so my girlfriend was out of luck as wine is BYOB .
My boyfriend and I had a great first experience here .
I know this is a complicated word but if you just the gala they 'll know what you mean .
We will eat there again before we leave NOLA !
They had a great selection and the staff was so super friendly and helpful !
We arrived early and got drinks at the bar while we waited but were still seated on time .
I am a sushi lover , the fish was poorly cut and the sushi rice is tasteless .
The seaweed was not of top quality .
We felt like nothing short of royalty at 6:30pm on a Sunday .
Thank you to the owners and bakers who through this shop 's transitions have kept faith with old world recipes and traditions .
But you ca n't even ADD it onto your pizza ; it 's a whole different order .
The service was great but ...
Went here with my boyfriend and we loved it !
Which is great because this way , you wo n't smear your grubby fingers on my board set !
I promptly and politely handed her a $ 5 bill and waited for her to give change back .
Great service and the entries are AMAZING .
Service can be rude at times ...
On a side note , the bartender was awesome : fast , attentive , and knowledgeable .
We think it may have been the calamari or the sauce perhaps ( was the only thing we shared besides the dessert ) .
There was a ice sculpture event going on also which we did nt go to .
Did n't try the food though .
Had dinner here on our first night in St Louis .
The main dishes we had were the pork with bacon fried rice , the pork steak and the burger .
Did n't have to wait on delivery because they allowed pick - up at 2 AM !
Yeah , I 'll go with the second option .
I will try again as it is a cool place in Clearwater which , unlike St. Petersburg , has few cool , hip places
Two of us ordered from the Devour menu and two did not .
As an extra bonus , both of our bowls came with miso soup !
I could also overhear the waiter speaking in Chinese that I was " pushing " and " rushing " for the food to be done .
The cocktails were generally well made and tasty .
But like I said , the actual cruise is nice .
My stuffed french toast was not cooked all the way through , and my fiance 's breakfast sandwich was a mess .
Location is tucked away in a corner of a strip mall .
We have experienced the worse customer service .
You see that picture of the hotel ?
However , I was hesitant bc I had n't been to one in years .
The French onion soup had a great flavor and was n't scalding hot , which was super nice to eat right away .
Oh and the beef ribs are terrible .
I am appalled that the kitchen would even send it out in the state that it was .
The lamb sliders were good , but nothing special .
I 've only had the wings here but they 're pretty good .
Truffle fries really good .
The soup broth was good , not the best I 've tasted but not the worst .
" Would you like dessert " there was a waiter who was n't even our waiter who put the BBQ shrimp bib on my friend .
The potato salad was a good sized portion and tasty .
This restaurant is awful and the prices to match it are dreadful .
It 's almost all shared plates .
The establishment was very clean , very good service , and I loved their decor .
The food is excellent and freaking cheap .
However , the order was finished fairly quickly .
After multiple attempts , a girl finally answered .
Went on a Sunday afternoon and there were only a handful of people there .
The staff were attentive , friendly , and personable .
We had the no - name roll , which was a ten out of ten .
It 's normally a different kind every time that I go , so it 's fun to try them all .
Of the three fry bread " tacos " , the chile con carne was my favorite , followed by the calabacitas and chicken with pico .
It was n't even Wing 's night where they charge only 30 cents a wing !
Eh , I have spaghetti sauce , it 's all good .
The next time I went with a large group and we did the bottomless mimosas and bottomless brunch .
I had the Philly cheesesteak wrap .
Would 've given 5 stars .. but the line was awkward going into the buffet .
The service was very good and the food was good too .
Tables who had ordered after us got their food before we did , which was annoying .
Two of the three soups ordered ( lobster bisque & clam chowder ) were very thin and had little substance w/ undercooked celery .
Dave 's burger was just ok .
As with a lot of places the happy hour did n't apply to anywhere but the bar area , which I think is absolutely stupid .
Ca nt wait to try the rest of the menu !
( Almost obsessed with it lol ) The cashier / server has always been nice and helpful .
We had a great dinner at R2L during Restaurant Week .
The calamari was listed as lightly breaded but was mostly breading .
I must say it is a good replacement .
The irritating part is that a large party came before me and they were served 5 min after ordering .
I had the burger , which I heard was one of the best , and I did n't think it was that special .
The queso and the guacamole are homemade and fresh .
Ottoman like chairs took up the rest of the space for the rest of us .
Our server was amazing !
Bitter melon and chicken congee , you and me were meant to be together ...
I also do n't understand the greasy spoon comments ...
Arnold customer service is unprofessional ...
In reality two sandwiches , one cheese fries , and two standard ( small ! ) drinks came to $ 29 .
We had a room block at Loews Hotel for our wedding in February .
I recommended this place to anyone visiting New Orleans or who lives in the city !
i really do n't know anything about beer except i do n't like it .
Amanda was an amazing server -- very engaging , and on - point with the food and drinks .
It was surprisingly busy , given that the place just opened .
This place was really refreshing !
The brisket tacos were also very yummy !
This has quickly become one of my favorite places to eat !
The staff is very courteous .
Late night arrival in NOLA so got amazing service from Gary !
I love the layout and the decor but service & food are just eh ...
Does this make sense to anyone ?
The dressing was good .
The chicken was a decent portion , I suppose .
The sausage side I had did n't rock my world then again it 's not the Side Dish Pantry .
I 'm not usually a huge fan of hummus , but this one was really tasty to me .
Everything that my friend and I had needed some seasoning ... it was all very bland .
( The only reason for 4 stars is no desserts .... )
But after the initial delivery of my flight , no one checked in with me for the next 45 minutes .
The fries were good .
The service was great , but the cannoli was n't .
I honestly do n't understand how this restaurant got such high reviews .
Between the fantastic quality and the low prices , this is my favorite place for cafe au lait and beignets !
He was rude while taking our orders and did not have a smile on his face whatsoever .
AND this was where my husband and I ate on our first date ! ! !
What a great find .
You could tell everything takes a little longer to make because it 's from scratch ....
But I do n't think he understands that poblanos are n't that hot .
Like the soup , I thought it could have been spicier .
Absolutely love the ambiance !
This is a great place to take the family .
The highlights are late night happy hour drinks and apps but then again ... there 's not much in Gibsonton :)
The main courses arrived in properly measured time .
I had some pretty high expectations and as far as the food goes , they were exceeded .
I ordered the truffle butter filet , which was cooked just perfect to my specifications .
Closed to the front desk , there 's a small display indicating what events are taking place in what ballroom .
I took my wife here for a romantic dinner and I was not disappointed , and you will not be either .
Would have given 5 stars , but there was nothing truly spectacular or special about this place , but it is perfectly satisfying .
The BF got gazpacho and it was nice and flavorful as well .
After tasting my friend 's calamari I did put in my own order .
I also tried the cornbread casserole - it was different .
I had a fantastic experience here .
The food was thrown together and not in the usual way .
On a cold Friday , we took our fat selves to Fat Ham , some ordered Fat Apples , and we left feeling FAT ... and happy .
The sauce they came with was also kind of weird and too sweet .
All the food was very good and we will be going back .
Went here for a late dinner ( probably 7:15 ) and it was our first time at any Las Palmas .
The biscuit was peppery and perfectly baked .
Returning around 5:45 on a Friday we were lucky to score seats at the end of the skinny counter in the back of the restaurant .
Overall the food , ambiance , and service was good .
Honestly , I mostly go here for the people watching .
It came out fast , I though it was tasty , really cheesy and heavy , with really soft garlic bread .
They have a nice happy hour !
Thank you , Broadway , for making the evening really special and stress - free !
I poured the red curry sauce over everything .
Chef Bond is funny and delightful , and a great teacher .
We were only one of two or three tables in the place , but service was slow and lackluster .
He brought another plate and said it was handwashed 3 times .
The one in Arnold is like the Ritz Carlton compared to this $ & @ # hole .
I think this was the best dish we ordered
I also called in my order and received a 30 minute wait time .
The waiter never apologized for never refilling our drinks or for the long wait times for food .
Best breakfast on the beach ! ! !
I ordered a Mr. B 's luncheon salad ( dressing on the side ) and a catfish fingers app .
The food is oh so good .
Sat there for 20 minutes before server finally came out .
The only drawback to Mazzaro 's is the parking .
It 's just a really good , solid choice for the buffet .
The pho was good too , but when i came here today , it was nt close to being as good .
The bartender Michael , the house made spirits and beer , and the great food ( a ruben and a Depot Burger saved the day ) .
They were able to do so with ease , and made her happy , which is just about impossible to do .
Very slow service but tasty when finally arrived !
( Maybe I had high expectations to begin with ) .
The only drawback - the soup was too oily .
He got another pork belly bánh mì and I got the grilled pork .
Given the price point though we wo n't be coming back too often .
This was by far the best experience I 've ever had at a restaurant .
Service was very attentive and friendly and even with all the booze , the bill was more than reasonable .
You ca n't beat the views .
I think in the 2 hours we were there , we saw our waiter three times maybe ?
DONT WAIT ! !
I took a risk and tried the egg lemon dish and boy was it good ! !
They were working on a large outdoor patio in the back , which I can only imagine is perfect on summer nights .
However , my outside experience was pretty damned abominable .
It was recommended by a friend .
Seasonings and textures just were n't right even though everything was visually appealing .
It 's is outside the NOLA area and the prices reflect it !
Hard to blame him but things we ordered we missed ... otherwise I would have given them 5 stars .
Con : Remember it is a tour , so they have the typical tourist traps - photographer - me and friends declined that option .
We went in on a Friday at about 630pm , and was told it 'd be a 60 - 70 minute wait .
While offering desert the server knocked our bottle of red wine down my sleeve spilling 1/3 of it .
Ca n't wait to go back again - also very affordable for the portions .
I really did n't get a good feel for their attitude here .
I got my burrito , chips and salsa when I paid and the maragarita came a few minutes later .
I have a Local Taco next to my house ( on Fatherland ) , but drive to this location because the cook is top notch .
Please recommend to everyone you know in Manayunk , do n't want to lose this place !
The mango had a perfect sweet tang and the spicy had a bit of a back - of - the - throat burn and the combo was perfect for me .
I got my two sandwiches fast enough , but the roast beef was cold and the roast pork was hot .
My husband and I tried the restaurant for our anniversary .
All of which were equally good , especially the mussels .
I love flying fish roe , and theirs was extremely fresh and fabulous !
There was a walk up bar outside too .
The bacon wrapped dates were by far my favorite menu item .
Went to Revivals for Easter Brunch Buffet total disappointment !
So I give them mucho tips .
Once I finally got to order it took forever to get my dinner .
The quick service is awesome as well as the acknowledgement upon entry ...
The cashier said he needed to first take care of customers waiting to order , and he would call our number later .
My husband had the Malaysian curry and it was AMAZING .
Their lobster pasta was really good !
This place is spotless .
I 'm Chinese and is personally not a fan of Chinese food ...
The service was n't bad and that was the high point !
Other adult was a different veggie Pizza , also very good .
It was a Sunday , so service was a bit overwhelmed by the large crowd .
They are also a pub , so its got a great selection of beers and wines too !
Staff was very friendly too !
Yes , it was a Saturday , and yes , we had a large group , but Christ Almighty .
Sweet and sour chicken and chicken chow mein were both excellent .
We ordered a salad and a pickled plate , both were great .
The waitress quickly offered us more pita which is a nice touch .
Their fajitas were very good as were the burgers .
Their daytime server , John is friendly and courteous .
We could not carry our bar check to our table we were told it 's easier for bartender if we just pay it separate .
My boyfriends sandwich was nt all that bad but we 've had better .
And it did n't have some apple , it had , like , a whole apple .
They agreed to cook it while we waited , but when we got home with the food , half of the dinners were not correct .
My daughter and I ate here for the first time yesterday ...
This place is unreal .
She watched with an even uglier face on as my father walked in with the stroller .
I did n't even try the BLT which just looked awful to me with an overload of balsamic glaze .
I sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome .
It 's hard to go wrong , no matter what slice you choose .
Sunday 9 am was far less crowded than I 've heard from others ; sat immediately and half the tables were open .
We both were big fans of the salad dressing ; I would have bought a bottle to take with me , if possible .
The place did not seem that busy as far as restaurants go , so maybe they 're not used to the traffic .
At least I do n't feel like I 'm going to throw up , but salmon is just not meant to be fried .
Food was so good , I got some to take home including egg roll which was fantastic .
The waiters were friendly and the beignets just right .
Even the frites were good , served perfectly crisped and blazing hot .
I had the endive and beet salad - lovely .
The coating was too grainy and I just did n't like the taste .
The item did come out as described , but I was n't a fan .
Wish we would have known about this place earlier in the day to watch a non saints game .
I could either just hang it up where anyone can grab it or leave it behind the counter with them .
Oh- grilled pork was seasoned well with the right spice buy waaaay too salty .
I mean loved it so much he destroyed the entire dish even though he was stuffed .
There was also some kind of chutney in the sandwich which is what made it pretty tasty in my opinion .
We had no problem ordering and food came out timely !
Visiting from dc , near our Valley Forge hotel .
Pasta did n't seem hand made .
We usually go in a large group and it never takes more than 5 minutes for us to get our food .
It was perfectly fine - the food was tasty , and the service was prompt .
They then called me and told me that my order was waiting for me .
I do n't want to squabble over bread .
Only suggestion : clean the walls , they are covered in dust and lint ( look up )
The food sat under the hot light for a long time , and lets not even talk about how long we had to wait for our check .
The lamb was very tender with right amount of spices .
The staff was friendly and honest .
The flavors in the sauces would have been fine , but they were gloopy .
Most Filipino food is great ...
I asked , and it wa a possible to substitute salmon for kani .
The hubs got the pastitsio or what he called a " Greek lasagna"-he liked it .
Wait staff and bar tender were all extra friendly and very knowledgable of the menu and made great recommendations .
Hands down favorite sub place around .
Walked in unsure of what to expect and walked out amazed .
Good times .
My sister lives here and while I was visiting , we decided to try it .
These bozos still proceed to put the greens on it and the manager laughs it off like no big deal .
I also had the fried chicken salad and was not at all impressed .
I was expecting some good seafood but there were n't many choices on the menu .
Do n't miss this place .
Worst is the downtown parking but I came for a late lunch so not bad !
First of all , the soup du jour ( crawfish boil soup ) is phenomenal ! ! ! !
It was good in my opinion .
1st time they had me pull around and wait for fresh fries -they got my order wrong .
I had no idea what that was when I moved from California to Tennessee a few year.s ago .
First my patty melt came out 10 minutes before my lady friends , and the onions were burnt and very gross .
However , for being in a out of the way strip mall it was very pricey .
I had a wonderful glass of Argentinian wine which was fun .
I ordered steak enchiladas and the steak was a bit on the chewy side .
When I opened this thing it is a monster .
We got lucky and arrived about 6 o'clock on a Saturday .
We decided to order at the window and eat on the tables located on the pier .
All of the beer tap lines are dirty .
It was our First try so went with the basics :
The brisket is fatty pot roast .
I felt like I was in the movie Ocean 's 11 ( the original Frank Sinatra one ) going to the bathroom ...
Not San Antonio Tacos fault but it did n't help my visit .
The entrees were not good .
Go to Avon , very close and such a wonderful place to eat .
Even so , the food was bland , nothing compared to other places we tried .
He asked for my phone number so he could when it was ready .
Some of the food was excellent , some just good .
such a nice staff ...
I 've eaten at many Indian places .
Do not miss this great little place ! !
Eventually the drinks came , and then 45 minutes later , the food arrived .
I 've taken my mom n all my friends here several times .
My burger was nt cooked adequately however it 's good place to visit .
Very happy with my burger and especially liked the roll .
After a decent ( well - worth it ) wait , we were seated near the awesome jazz band who played great music the ENTIRE time .
They did n't use the regular elbow macaroni though , but whatever they used was great .
Had the bourbon banana sundae .
They have wines from all over the world .
After2 and half hours I was so glad to be leaving !
I appreciate this a lot .
I know of many bars who wo n't even give you an Irish Car Bomb at the bar , let along bring it to your table .
Our servers have always been polite , professional and extremely polished .
Yay for finding hair in your food !
It was greasy and hard .
I do n't know but it will be quite a while before I return to find out .
What 's more important is that I got excited reviewing the menu .
After hearing about this place from a fellow Yelp Elite , my SO and I decided to try this place !
We 're all educated foodies and 2 of 3 of us like aggressively seasoned food .
The waiter never came back to see what I wanted .
I really love this place !
The appetizer , main courses , soup , and dessert !
I was in town and this location was recommended .
I would n't say we are regulars but we do frequent here quite a bit .
Strange that they raised price .
Avoid this place ! !
I too am in the restaurant business and I must say I 'm jealous I do n't work here .
I am a huge fan of Indian food and the food here was awesome .
What negative thing can I say ?
We tried the classic next , it was better but not great .
It 's a fun atmosphere and the service is good and very friendly .
While all the food we had ( beef souvlaki , lamb pita , and grilled octopus ) was decent , it definitely was n't transcendent .
We ordered the same than usual and this time I did n't get why I was expected .
Their hummus is very yummy , and I always get a grilled cheese sandwich , which sounds simple , right ?
For a two - top I felt like things were a little disorganized and rushed so I can only imagine how larger parties could feel .
My boyfriend loved his crawfish quesadilla as well .
In my opinion , the reviews so far have made this place under - rated .
I LOVE this place and the people who run it .
I ordered the breakfast burger .
After coming here for many years , I was very disappointed by my last trip .
Great prices , large portions , friendly staff and great food ! ! !
The sonoran hot dog was outstanding .
Also , the currys were watery .
I had to add some salt and pepper to some of my food , which is a red flag considering it seems to be a well known NOLA spot .
My straw never came , there was no beverage refills and my order was very incorrect ( how do you confuse fish with shrimp ) .
The service was top notch .
I seen a lot of unhappy people I 'm sure the owner is very unhappy , Getting all these horrible reviews .
Every bite I think i moaned !
My burger was shockingly small and probably the blandest burger I have ever eaten .
Ate there for breakfast which omelet was simple but was really good as well .
The food has always been adequate tasted great served hot I got it quickly and the service was very friendly !
I was not in a rush so the slower - ish service did n't bother me .
Sadly , the band did not start until 12:30 am .
My friend and I almost came close to licking the plate !
And the prices ... we've never spent more than 10 bucks each including drinks ! !
Went for lunch and ordered carnitas tacos ( $ 11 ) .
Purchased the German chocolate cake , fresh pasta , Alfredo sauce , and shrimp .
The turkey was moist and flavorful and the accompaniments on sandwich were well - balanced and tasty .
We ordered a variety of po ' boys , from fried catfish , shrimp , oyster , veal , and well as 1/2 - and1/2 sandwiches .
I actually learned of this joint from my Mom , who used to love the subs here when she was in high school ...
I was there last week .
When they did arrive , the grilled oysters and oysters rockefeller and the flatbread were excellent .
For our first time here we really enjoyed it .
I prefer black olives and pepperoni but order the white for a little something different and you wo n't go wrong ! !
Of course , it 's a bakery so they also have sweet baked things that looked very good .
The pain au chocolate is terrible .
We arrived at 4 pm and had a tight schedule as we had activites starting at 5:30 .
Best late night snack on Indy 's east side .
I visited La Scala with a party of 10 at around 4 pm on a Saturday .
The smell of deliciousness was wafting through the car .
Truly a memorable meal .
I would be remiss if I did n't also mention the diverse crowd at Aladdin .
Some of the meat was dried out .
It is accessible as the entire spot is on one floor .
The person taking my order was not welcoming at all .
:) Dave told us about specials and different bourbons and drink concoctions .
This place is very family friendly , but we chose to sit in the bar side .
We were there to watch playoff hockey .
And the sliders were delicious with every bite that I took !
I would also say that the desserts are the only more traditional part of the menu , and they were excellent .
$ 5.99 per lb last time I picked some up .
Busy busy place but , still the service was attentive and friendly .
I will be honest and go ahead and say that I am not a big fish spread fan , but this place has some very good fish spread ! !
The yogurt - lemon mousse was a perfect summer dessert - very lemony which I love .
Dirty dishes all over the place .
All of the girls needed forks and so we told him , yes we need them now .
My waitress was great ; she did n't rush me , and she let me know portion sizes and was able to answer all of my questions .
They smelled like they were left in standing water for a long time .
Pork tacos , shrimp vermicelli , pho , literally everything is amazing .
Server was very polite and on top of everything .
Instead I 'm giving Sbraga a grudging 2 stars , because the the overall service was so rushed it basically ruined the meal .
They have outdoor dining , but do n't eat there if outdoor ambiance is what you 're looking for .
I really liked the ambiance and feel in the bar area and a small seating area connecting to the main dining area .
I ordered and split the dan dan noodle and the pepper fish .
He is apologizing for the law , I do n't care .
We split an order of blue duck fries to start , and they came in a mountainous pile in a large white bowl .
We ordered various appetizers including calamari and mussels .
The scallop appetizer was cooked well .
Got take out yesterday and it was hands down the best I 've had since moving to Apollo Beach .
We stayed there for lunch for almost 3 hours and never felt rushed and we never felt like we were overstaying our welcome .
I can see the ingredients are FRESH .
However , being in a nice place I kept it in and just walked away .
Then , a woman worker arrived and proceeded to BLAST , and I mean BLAST the music .
I also paid $ 3 for a side salad which was literally iceberg lettuce .
For dinner , my wife ordered the mahi and I had the grouper piccata .
We had dinner here after a long day at the convention center .
The Maque Choux Mac is one of the best things I 've ever had .
After a few drinks , I ordered the pulled pork tacos and my friend had a burrito .
The applewood bacon was a nice touch .
The curry 's are all really good as well !
The hash browns were good not great .
The remodel was greatly needed and is well done , but for some reason , it is so noisy inside you ca n't wait to leave .
She 's already treated differently in the world and she felt terrible after this interaction .
The views are great and probably the best part about the experience .
Loved the picnic tables .
The sangria was great on a Saturday morning patio and our server Melissa was so so sweet !
The odor when I walked in was terrible .
When I was shown to my seat of was still wet so I had to use the napkin to finish the job .
The basil with chicken was very good , even if not quite as spicy as I would have liked .
Oh well , my coffee was still good and I 'll be back if I 'm close by !
Place has ok food but do n't choose delivery there .
Macaroons were splendid .
The ice cream was very well done , smooth , no crystals of ice and had such a pleasant flavor .
The meals that arrived were almost worthy of a joke , if we were n't so pissed we were paying for it .
The coffee menu itself is rather small .
I came here and got my very first poke bowl and it was delicious !
The sweet potatoe , eeeehhh not so much .
It was loaded with the biggest , sweetest and tangiest cherries , blue cheese , and almonds !
The appetizers were nothing special and not plated well .
The very best in the city , and in 2 parishes !
Nice place in the middle of almost no where(I live in largo ) and you can tell they have quite a few regulars .
We tried Willie Maes , but the line was long and they were n't crazy about the area .
The hot wings are addictive !
It was really delicious , but the toppings slid off the pizza really easy , so you had to hold it really well to avoid that .
It is a solid choice in downtown Doylestown .
I had a bite and was impressed and I do n't even like smoked salmon .
the fact that it 's run by a lone old lady ...
Jambalaya was done to perfection and the shrimp etouffe was perfectly cooked with an excellent sauce and rice .
The chips were crispy .
I gave the rest to my friend .
sushi was great , service was great and best of all it is BYOB .
Its not something I would trek a long way down to eat .
It was hard to separate each piece of pizza too .
I did n't want to scold him so I waited till he figured things out on his own .
Not soggy ( I will never understand why New Yorkers think pizza crusts should be soggy ) .
For restaurant week I never have my hopes set too high ... ist that bad ? ?
Yet the entire time I did n't even get a refill on my ice water ; which is pretty rough considering everything has spicy mayo .
The brownie was served ala mode with vanilla ice cream as well .
The other food was good .
Very clean inside and restrooms clean as well .
We ordered the burger and wings .
The place was packed , but we were able to push together a few tables .
The staff was a huge help .
Also seems like a place to study and relax
It 's baked just the right amount of ime and it 's absolutely delicious !
But , this thin and " crispy " crust was very crispy on the very outer edge , but wallpaper paste everywhere else .
We also ordered a bloody mary and a mimosa .
Our waitress Kerry was excellent .
We shared calamari as an appetizer and enjoyed our drinks .
This is a great little brunch place near the WWII museum .
I promptly changed my mind about even spending one dollar in this hell hole .
It gets major points for being BYOB .
The food is tasty and cheap , too .
Awesome ! ) , keeping our coffees refilled , and keeping us updated on the status of our drink and food orders .
They make the orders lickety - split .
You can also tell that The Woodrack Café had thought this through , there 's built - in plug - ins at the counter !
The tables are cramped on top of each other .
Excellent location and definitely the best meal we had in New Orleans .
I had already reviewed the Speedway location , which I think is far better .
The service is just god awful though .
It tastes like its from a restaurant but its quick and easy out of a truck .
He actually said he liked it better without the sriracha on it .
When traveling from grandkids to another grandkids we thought we would stop and just get an average burger ... Not HERE !
I looked at the menu .
Shrimp was good but the winner for me were the oysters .
Steaks were incredible .
Sometimes they are very good , other times they are the worst .
They have a parking lot behind their restaurant as well as in front of the place that is along US 19 .
The service is great timing and great overall !
I got a Bada Bing which was so tasty I almost cried I had n't thought to buy the full sized one as I ate it on the plane home .
They were using bare hands to prepare the food which was already a turn off .
The owner Lazo is a very friendly guy who once opened the door for me 10 mins after closing so I could grab a slice to go .
I do n't eat veal .
The special was the local rock crab - $ 25 for 3 lbs of California Rock Crab , salad , and your choice of soup / chowder .
We prefer couple food Shahee paneer , chicken tikka masala , garlic naans , chicken zafrani .
Pico , cheese , sour cream , tortillas were nothing special .
then the entrees were also delayed and our server offered ' we 're really packed tonight ' as an excuse ?
Customer service was fantastic and food was awesome .
My friend ordered the chicken tenders and a basket of bacon cheese fries .
The burgers are small and did n't really taste better than something I could make at home .
It 's all good , from the garlic naan to the Bollywood movies playing on the TV 's .
This is exactly what it was , with baby arugula as the predominant green and a small amount of baby spinach mixed in .
We were first timers to the Skordalia .
The place is scrupulously clean , as clean as it was when it was new , both up front and in the men 's room .
We sat at a table and did n't have to wait any longer than if we sat up at the sushi bar area .
There is nothing else comparable in South Jersey or Miami for that matter .
This is 1 of 2 locations , this locataion is outdoors and on Bourbon St , though open later , until 10 pm .
I called in at 12:07 , my credit card was swiped at 12:32 and I did n't leave until 12:53 .
And , yes , they have beer !
It 's more of an airport hotel than a city hotel .
I love this place ! !
I LOVE this place ! !
Coming from a sushi snob this is ( surprisingly ) some of the best sushi I 've ever had .
They did n't even try to compensate for the meal or anything and tried rushing us out right after we finished out meal .
it tastes like the cheapest chocolate they can Find .
Loved the charbroiled oysters .
I asked why in the world is always so long of a wait here ?
( I know I am going to catch yelp hell for this add - on , but it 's true . )
The service was great & my food came in no time !
Overall , the food was great !
Visited this location for my brother 's birthday dinner .
Nevertheless , the Ghulab Jamun , Kheer and Chai tea were all okay .
It was n't seasoned , making me think of sam gap sal .
Word of caution , if there 's football on , it 's probably going to be crowded here .
We got our drinks fast and some hot , fresh out of the oven bread that was so yummy , we quickly devoured the whole loaf .
The staff seemed bored and distracted .
Do not waste a nice day / evening in this beautiful town at this place
) Pecan pie was tasty , above average .
The food was excellent , the service was quick , and friendly .
The calamari sandwich was pan fried and on sourdough bread with the fixings on the side , including tarter sauce .
I had the prime rib .
The manager John made sure to stop by our table and wish my friend a happy birthday .
The last I time I went I got a Rotolo and a prosciutto pizza .
The food is the best , and
Instead the ladies were talking about what food they wanted to eat .
We were n't looking to get any discounts , we were simply trying to make the staff aware of the rotten shrimp .
When a waiter did finally arrive he offered no explanation for his tardiness .
There were four of us so there was occasionally some double ups .
I did get a little spicy tuna in there too but only because the rest of the group loved it .
at least that 's the conclusion our lunch party agreed on .
Its gon na take a while .
It 's not a cheap place , so I was expecting to be wowed .
Service was excellent , food came out super fast and was delicious ! !
My mom and my sister rave about this place .
The staff was super friendly and more than welcoming .
The food was ok , we got the Kale Ceaser and the Fried chicken with mac n cheese .
Music was so loud , could n't hear the person next to me .
It 's pretty clear they do n't " get " kids here .
And their coffee so amazing .
Best Chinese food in Reno , hands down !
I started with the chai tea latte- so delicious .
Liked the ambiance and the place has a really good vibe to it .
My boyfriend and I dined here after buying a " Summer in the City " discount card for Tucson .
The fish are fresh and taste as so .
I started pulling it out of my mouth and it kept coming and coming , like a fishing line ! ! !
1 ) they do n't really know a good waiting system .
Totally cheap on food !
My wife 's roasted shrimp though was n't bad .
I got the fish tacos and the crab cake / hangar steak , both of which were amazing .
Our waitress was amazing and the food seemed to taste good .
So you have been warned , do not go here and expect good service because they really do n't give a daym about you .
The server was fine , the meals were not to any of our liking , service was far below average .
I do n't know why this place got high reviews .
This is also a good place to catch up , talk , play board , card games and even do homework .
My level of admiration for this place has only improved since peering into the immaculate kitchen .
Everytime I pass by here , which is practically once a day , I remember the meals we had for dinner .
All I can say is that both meals were almost flavourless .
The whole spa smelled like cement powder and the only spa option for is while we waited was the sauna / steam room .
The food was pretty tasty , albeit a bit on the salty side .
They are probably my favorite dining experience in Tucson .
My lady got the smoked salmon omelet with fried capers and it was really good too .
The live jazz was a nice touch .
$ 8 Pad Thai for lunch - quite tasty .
We decided on green tea ice cream for dessert .
The pecan puppy drum was sooo good !
The only reason I did n't give a 5 star rating was because the service was a little slow .
The cupcakes are unreal from this place .
They also threw in a soup unsure of what it was ( pork , corn , carrots ) that was really tasty .
Now the good : The food is awesome !
Our dad is in the angus hall of fame and we eat beef everywhere !
All fantastic flavours were appreciated and identifiable .
Waited over 20 minutes for her to buzz on back to us with the check ... after 11 pm .
This is a big bang for the buck for a family ...
Thanks for reading ....
And , they used to throw shade if you asked for the Americanized menu , now it 's the opposite .
I 've been visiting NOLA , and Back to the Garden was one of the places listed that is great for vegetarians .
We had three chicken and one veg entrees .
That was a big hit .
It was n't terribly busy , but no one really up at the front .
We ordered tacos !
When you sit down , the ambient light level is dark .
They were out of al of the other egg dishes .
Other than that the crepes were n't bad .
If it 's busy you probably wo n't find seating immediately .
I do n't even love pizza , but I love lulu 's olive oil Athenian ! !
The atmosphere is incredible and the people are so nice !
Our breakfast here was great !
We went with another couple , ordered wine and appetizers , which were alright but unremarkable .
I had the taco burger and it was amazing .
I had the yellowtail nigiri , which tasted fresh .
the menu was divided into small plates & larger plates to share .
So where were all of these " many many reservations after 5 pm " we will never know .
The food here is fresh and delicious .
I went here last night with some of my friends .
It was prepared perfect , and the portion was much more than expected .
They have a good reputation for being a great place for a quick cheap bite .
My friend had the lobster tacos and nearly fell out of the chair because they were so good .
The squid was quite good , the flavour was great !
I would have gotten rice in my burrito but it was not vegetarian ( really ? ) .
The service was excellent ; our server was quick and responsive to our needs .
The fish dip must be delicious , but they ran out ( insert sad face ) .
Desserts were all either too sweet or having some strange taste ..
This is probably my least favorite Asian Market in town and probably Asian for that matter .
I 've been several times and ca n't stop raving about it .
We figured if we were gon na do Sbraga , we needed the chefs counter 6 course with wine pairings .
Every other mucho burrito I have been to is great .
Initially we asked if we could move our table so we can see the parade and he responded saying " really ?
First off best hummus ever ! !
We put our names in for a table and had a long wait .
It 's greasy enough to slide down your throat but not so much that it 's a mess to eat .
Not gon na lie , it was not the BEST pizza I ever had .
I told my folks listen ...
The service was very good , and
Ca nt say they 're the best cos i ve had way better and tastier ones .
I did n't touch the asparagus or the mashed potatoes , but only because I liked the lamb so much .
Maybe i did n't order the right thing ?
Courses were timed beautifully ; we did not feel we were being rushed through , but also never felt we were left waiting .
The assortment of baked goods is great ... quiche is yummy , etc .
The chicken wings and onion rings are just ok .
The bar was set pretty low , but my expectations still were n't met unfortunately .
The staff was nice but overall the food was mediocre .
The wait staff are very prompt , helpful , friendly , and knowledgable .
We also go the duck carpaccio .
Went here for lunch and was impressed with their service and food .
I personally did n't like their Pad Thai , BUT their Chinese food and Sushi rocks !
We ordered the queso empanadas and polenta for our first course .
meaning we saw everything from shorts and tanks to very nice dresses .
I also tried their charbroiled pork ( # 44 ) and it 's really good .
everybody was satisfied and could n't clean their plates .
A great little find !
Tried the deviled eggs ... Devine !
Everything was top - notch : service , décor and the mouth - wateringly fantastic food .
I was very pleased with my experience here !
I thought the trade off in comfort and proximity was well worth it though .
Tonight , we sat at the bar as usual and the first two beers I ordered were not available , no biggie .
Our server David was not friendly .
Pizza ... too small too much had better way better especially for the $ $ .
It 's cute and quaint inside .
Mei 's World Pizza is definitely one of the most unique hidden gems in Tampa .
We are people that dine out on a regular basis and we know good customer service .
I 'd like to think this was an isolated incident based on the holiday , but I ca n't say that I 'll be rushing back .
For sushi , we ordered one of the speciality rolls ( the name escapes me ) ( 8) and the eel roll ( 6 ) .
The food however is meh .
Everything about our visit was fantastic - delicious food , colorful decor , and excellent service !
The service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere was enjoyable and comfortable .
Huevos were perfect , sauce was perfect and black beans were perfect .
Do n't plan on getting any attention unless your in a group of 6 or more .
but you get the choice as to whether you want to sit out there or not , so I did n't mark down for that .
We went on a hunger strike .
The people working there are friendly and accommodating , and the bartender makes bomb drinks .
The cafe area itself is super nice & clean .
We practically had the place to ourselves for a while .
Best dessert on the planet ! ! !
The Roasted Duck breast had some crunchy skin and was nicely cooked .
Bar tender was less than attentive .
Just happened to stumble upon this place while walking downtown and just loved it .
The beer was good .
But for what it is it 's a cheap and solid dinner .
We ordered the pollo fundido and the nachos supremos .
Staff very friendly and attentive .
I had the burnt ends sandwich- which was nothing but fat .
I have heard tons of good feedback from people about this restaurant and have planned to go eat there because of it .
The fish was over cooked and greasy .
There is not a variety at all and assuming since it is a weekday they do nt like to make sure what is on the buffet is fresh .
Everything tastes so fresh and the atmosphere is very friendly .
We went there for dinner on New Year 's Eve .
Apparently some sort of miscommunication on the coffee thing , they have a new machine ready to go now I 'm told
I was excited to go to this place because everyone said that the ramen was good here and it did not fail my expectations .
The food was great !
Cutest little noodle shop in the city .
It was very good ; the paneer was fresh and the spices nicely balanced .
We listened to our tastebuds and they over ruled her .
Came in for just one drink and the environment was so awesome we stayed till closing .
We came here on a Thursday night at 8 pm without reservations and they were nice enough to seat us quickly .
For dessert we had a guava cream cheese pastry which was amazing .
It 's a great spot to start or end your night out .
I am very picky about my hot chocolate and it was just right !
The next time we are in New Orleans ( which I hope is soon ) we will definitely be here again ! ! !
Very nice dining experience !
Absolutely amazing by any standard .
This one was mostly frozen ...
* sigh * It 's a toss up for me between dried injera versus more sour injera .
We waited another 15 minutes to actually stop another waiter to ask for a waiter .
I told him the Yelp review would be up in about an hour , so " Hi , David ! "
The girl who reserved the room checked in a couple days earlier than my friend and I.
This is hands down one of the best places to eat on the Eastern Main line .
Not only was it delicious , it was the sweetest gesture I 've experienced at a restaurant .
The soups looked tempting but the bowls were so big !
It 's the best and most affordable quick bite .
We ordered at that time as well since we had plenty of time to look at menus .
At 8 pm at night , the staff was exhausted
The buffalo cracklings were amazing .
Fast forward to today , i decided to stop by since some years had passed .
Very friendly owner .
It 's the number 4 on the menu , I believe .
The noise level is very high because its such a large room and terrible acoustics , so you have to talk at a high level .
So we requested more rice and she charged us another $ 4 .
I really want to like this place .
Same thing happened first time around .
And he said , " I mean , we have juice ... "
This place is a perfect 10 ...
Overall , I had a great experience .
Studying previous yelp reviews , we decided to take the kids to hibachi and sushi .
I was surprised at every turn .
I 'll just reiterate some of what others have already said ...
I hear their tacos are AMAZING .
I finally settled on a Schlafly pumpkin because it 's me and it 's fall .
We 've been here three times and on each visit Djorn has taken excellent care of us .
My water glass was never empty and my coffee mug was always topped off ...
Being from the New York area originally this is NOT how they cook in ny .
So overall , I really had a pleasant experience here .
We love this place !
The games are incredibly expensive .
The coffees and teas looked good also ... and nice to be in the air conditioned restaurant for a bit !
The staff were very friendly , we hit the area around 230pm on our way in from NY .
The burger was ordered rare ( daring , I know ) and was the best I have EVER had .
Not a fan of oysters , but had to try the smoked / grilled ones here and they were good .
Our waiter was able to help us with anything we needed , was very attentive , and had great recommendations .
the fries are fine and the best part were the pickles .
So all in all we had a great time and would DEFINITELY go back ... and soon .
All my east side friends , get in there and EAT !
Either they were premade , and " microwaved to order " or were just sitting on a hot plate .
They also have some really great deal .
I mentioned the food issues to my server who took the plate away with an apology .
I love queso .
Waitress was friendly and we were seated after a 10 min wait .
It was the cook looking like a dog groomer peaking thru the kitchen " window"-----noticing our lackluster expressions .
We were really pleasant and kind but we had to complain several times to get any beverages that we ordered .
The guacamole is the only thing that made this review a 2 star review .
But very disappointed with the hospitality .
We ordered one pound and slaw .
e all ordered some cocktails to start as well as 2 dozen oysters ( raw and grilled ) .
Everything was excellent , I loved mine .
I had the pulled pork .
Every staff member is extremely friendly and helpful .
I got home and lifted the large basil leaf off of my curry and there it was , beetle .
Went for dinner .
They accept donations for those in need and the decor is fun and friendly .
I went here for breakfast this morning .
The pollo pesto panini was good ( who the eff does n't like chicken and pesto ?
We order two sushi rolls and one tuna tartare .
The restaurant is hidden in the shopping complex , but it 's great .
Great stop , especially during restaurant week !
This place was amazing .
This place was recommended by our Air BnB hostess .
We had tacos , tostados , and sopes with carnitas , tinga , and el pastor .
I understand mistakes happen , and so I was polite and patient with them .
She did not mind and was engaged with the older couple and was relaxed the whole time even though she got double sat .
Worth your time ! !
I ca n't remember the last time I enjoyed a restaurant so much !
To the tacos : We ordered the fish and the shrimp , having read the reviews here .
My chorizo tacos were barely warm .
The staff was nice .
Our only problem was we were too full to order the fried bananas with ice cream and the Vietnamese coffee .
The appetizers were cheap and so were the drinks and that 's a great combo !
There were many Asian families dining .
They refused to give us water with ice .
Gon na be a regular stop when in Indy .
We only got appetizers and coffee and it was the perfect place for that , great service and environment .
We were visiting Nashville and lucky to have found this place for lunch !
I had the crab cakes and my wife had the boardwalk shrimp .
The buns ! ) , and reaaaally tasty .
You are eating breakfast in Montecito you should n't care about how much most things cost .
What a cool place .
Most recent visit was 11/26 .
Our waitress failed to notice us for awhile , and in return brought out two plates of edamame on the house to apologize .
The server said everything was natural , organic products ( doubtful , but whatever ) .
I tried taking my dog in the Dolphin once , they owner said no and we just walked down the street to 3J 's .
Scallop ap came out fast and hot , but steak sandwich and pizza took a while and was luke warm ... fries not hot .
Cute neighborhood and we found parking relatively easy .
Dmitri 's is a wonderful BYOB with delicious , fresh , flavorful food .
Your mouth will be on FIRE but it 's totally worth it !
I heard somewhere that this place is one of Oprah 's favorite restaurants if she 's feeling a little bit adventurous .
After a long trip where we stayed at many hotels this is by far the worst and more expensive then two we stayed at .
Food is overpriced and mediocre .
This it certainly is a good thing for Down Town St.
There were two other parties that sat down after us but got their food first .
I would say my dish was the least favorite -- I had the chili verde with pork .
Neon beer signs illuminate the hard wood walls ; and make you feel like you 're at your uncle 's basement all over again .
Interesting to watch them prepare and cook the crabs .
I come to NOLA a lot for work at the Convention Center , and would try to eat here every time I come for a visit .
The pasta and sauce is made in house and is delicious ! !
I had to wait to get a drink order ( 7 minutes , I timed it ) .
Very well done ; its little wonder why Rostizado continues to be such a success .
I ordered the rigatoni in vodka sauce , which was really delightful .
If you sit against the wall on the left as you enter , claustrophobia is inevitable as the line forms next to you .
The pickle was the perfect companion to the hummus and tzatziki , just the right amount of tang .
I 've never had lunch or dinner here.its got to be good if its anything like its breakfast .
They are pretty good but i do n't see much people come there .
Atmosphere was quiet and serene .
He huffed and puffed and stomped his feet when I asked for the real Chinese menu instead of the Americanized Chinese menu .
Beer selection was wide , but beer temperature was quite warm ( This is Florida , not London , England ) .
and I did n't know what or how should I order my burger .
Overall the dish was filling and more interesting in flavor than in texture , which was quite homogeneous .
I went to an ice cream joint and did n't get ice cream !
They cook it the way you order it , which is n't always a given at restaurants - medium - rare came out perfectly medium - rare .
I would understand if they were busy , but I was the only person there .
Then I asked for napkins ( they do n't have them out ) and he was all mad again like I asked for his first born .
I 'd been there for brunch , a few times and it was always very good but nothing amazing .
The ingredients are fresh , delicious , and beautiful .
Highly recommend this establishment .
The food was amazing and the staff were beyond amazing !
The only thing I will say it is LOUD in here !
They had good Italian sandwiches .
The sugar cookie tasted exactly like one and looked like it too .
What a cute spot !
I had a burger here and it really hit the spot .
We started with the homemade guacamole , which was delicious and well - balanced .
My husband and I decided to finally try Picca 's on a Thursday night .
Their lunch and breakfast menu is nice , especially their eggs .
This is such a hoax , tourist attraction as part of the restaurants , and really dishonest .
Good Authentic Mexican food . Cant go wrong here .
I 've become a local snob ... an elitist .
Whenever my friends and I decide to go for a coffee date , it 's usually between Hub or Coffeebar .
* * * okay I 'm eating at home watching America 's Got Talent --- and the food is amazing ....
We 've driven by the place several times and always had that " meh ' attitude because of how the plaza looks .
I enjoyed it with the warm pita .
Their serving ware was even impressive .
I wo n't be going back anytime soon with so many other better options in town .
My wife 's mother was paying for our room and my brother in laws room also .
The 8 year old we were with was not a fan .
it 's very small so do n't bring more than 4 people , they only have one large table .
The food is expertly prepared and extremely creative .
Perfectly shucked oysters .
I absolutely love this great spot !
This is all I 've ever had from HCV to be honest ( multiple times though ) .
I had the half rack baby back ribs , stuffing , and baked potato .
I 've been going more than I should - and I 'm fairly sure you alone are responible for having to buy 36 " pants .
Oh Chickie 's and Pete 's , you are the perfect place to watch some sports and indulge .
I 'm impressed he runs the entire shop 7 days a week .
It 's always a girl like stressing out about a final she should have been more prepared for , too .
Kinda hard to find since it 's located on the side of a shopping plaza .
Directly across from us were 4 white middle aged women dining and they of course had full attention of our young server .
My wife got shrimp that were cold ( should have been hot ) I got a two meat dinner with two sides dirty rice and baked beans .
Highly recommend making a visit here .
" on " was definitely the way to go , but , it 's also a bit messy ( not for eating on the go ) .
Dumplings were all stuck to the plate which was disappointing but everything was so delicious otherwise .
in the excitement , I forgot to grab my wallet when leaving my hotel room and did n't realize it until I was placing my order .
Vegans beware .
The top had a nice brown crust .
The food was delicious though and fresh .
I used to come to this location when it was Harry 's Bar and Grill .
Very knowledgeable of the local beers they currently had , my boyfriend really enjoyed one she recommended .
The customer service was excellent and the food was one of a kind !
Chicken inside of sandwich was so chard it was hard to eat .
We ordered the Vietnamese Pancake for an appetizer and Pho and Vermicelli for our entrees .
I am not rating desert here , since these are a safe bet .
It is a tad pricey , but i think it is worth it--$3.50 per .
Good food , good ambiance , good service , & down to earth .
Ok so I work around downtown and I was really excited when Pizza Fusion opened .
The boiled shrimp was the best I 've ever had ( really large shrimp with lots of seasoning .
We ordered a Daves style and ended up with " 3 " more ! ! !
If you ca nt find parking .... just know you will have to wait .
The owner gave tables to people behind us despite we reminded the him and the staff .
I had the corn beef Reuben .
The service was fabulous .
I went to Landmark Americana to support a charitable event the restaurant was doing for my son 's school , Woodlynde .
Patrick 's day was acceptable .
The friend had rave reviews on his burger and fries so those are a big thumbs up .
However , the tortillas themselves are pretty good and the guacamole and salsa were both very nice .
The service was fantastic even though there was only one cook and one waiter .
Wings were really good and so was the pork sandwich .
We had the salmon , burger , and beer - brined chicken .
Most people do n't know that this place even exists on campus , but all the engineering students like me , do .
Again , my boyfriend had to asked her to go check for us .
She did n't check on the two neighboring parties , but we did see her behind the bar a few times .
Good place to go when you 're in a pinch , but not the best in the area .
I did n't know to ask for gravy since I ordered from the menu .
Even getting our check took forever but our server was very friendly .
The meatball side order is fantastic .
I drive by this place all the time especially when I go the Berlin Farmers Market .
The design is much more open and more conducive to bringing people to and through the center core .
The moose tracks had huge chunks of peanut butter cups in them and was super tasty and creamy as well .
But that was far from what I wanted my first meal of the day to be ..
Very convenient location since it 's close for students on campus , rather than chinatown .
Oh my word , I ca n't remember the last time I have had mac and cheese this good with out walking into my grandmother 's house .
I did like that they had featured lots of artwork by various local artists that were on display and offerred for sale .
I am a big fan of risotto , and often cook it at home .
Before I left I got a cafe con leche and guava and cream cheese pastelito .
The only thing that was n't great was the kid 's burger .
We did n't care if the chef was n't ready we just wanted to sit down order drinks and have some appetizers .
really the only good thing all evennig besides spending time with my friend charlie .
I eat 3 hoping it would get better but the 4th was mush and foul .
The mimosas were perfection and the service was amazing .
We also got the bourbon infused pecan pie , which was delicious , especially if you like the taste of bourbon .
Good place for a quick bite ! !
The place is so stinkin ' cute .
It was missing something but I just can not put my tongue on exactly what it was .
the bartender - cum - waiter was super attentive but not cloyingly so .
And still did not get an apology .
All round great service .
The location is n't the best .
They also seem weird about bringing you salt and do n't have hot sauce but that 's forgiveable .
If you go in there and you want the " Plan B " , ask them to make it in a wrap for you and it tastes even better .
I had the meatball omelette which was just ok .
It just did not taste like authentic Mexican tacos .
Also , they brought all of our food out at separate times .
The food and service were good .
We followed by ordering two desserts : affogato caffe and tiramisu .
Lobster was wrapped inside the omelette so the flaky chunks of lobster tail were preserved .
Our waiter had a great personality and spoke very well .
Soooo much love for blue fig !
lousy , and my wife does n't even remember what she has ( not because we had been drinking ; he had n't .
It still amazes me that the four best Thai restaurants in the region are in the Metro East .
The spring roll was the best out of the two !
The wait staff is friendly and courteous .
My husband had a coffee waffle cone , which was also really good !
We will go out of our way to go back again ...
there 's a private parking lot and outside seating .
I had high expectations when I went to this place recently after some recommendations from friends .
My companion had the Jasmine Tea and I had the Oolong tea with our meal .
Never in my life have I been more disgusted with customer service , this establishment does nt even deserve one star .
I like the buns , brioche style buttered and grilled so they are soft and crispy .
The pricing is way too low given the quality .. but that 's great for us patrons !
We were given a pitcher of water , but had to ask for glasses so we could drink it .
We thought the repeating - ourselves - thing was pretty comical until ...
Too Bad I made my wife her Favorite Oriental soup here ( My own concoction ) ...
I spent a great birthday happy hour here with the usual suspects last week .
the staff was exceptional .
Everything on the menu is way overpriced .
The binder in the room indicates that I can either use the in - room safe or a safety deposit box located at the concierge desk .
They also have happy hour on Sunday so that was a nice bonus .
How nice to take care of the members who love you ! !
But he was a decent fellow and was very knowledgeable about what was on the menu .
We had Dan Dan noodles , seaweed salad , the " hamburger , " and the beef " burrito " .
Was not disappointed , food was exceptional and service excellent .
That 's the only reason why I give Bailey 's 4/5 stars rather than 5/5 stars .
Lemon corn cakes and beer biscuit were excellent .
And the dressing was super sweet and not at all spicy .
They will take real good care of ya .
My wife and 5 kids and I really enjoy the experience ...
The restaurant is kept nice and clean .
West Ave Grill is a Must Go .... been coming here for years and the food and service are amazing .
treated a new friend to lunch at spot burger today and all i can say is it definitely earned me some cool points .
Being one of Santa Barbara 's best kept secret , Plaza Deli not only has the best sandwiches in town , the prices ca n't be beaten !
What are you , an old married couple on a budget ? ? " .
The rest of the bites on the menu were on that whole gastro tip with an emphasis on the more foodie - focused .
The waitress said , " they do n't crack the avocado until you order it . "
Modesto played host for a friend 's birthday recently .
I ordered the chimichangas , one steak and one chicken and I asked about the sides .
I 've absolutely been one of these people before and we can get annoying unless you 're in the right frame of mind .
Better yet , walk down to Nicahabana Cigars on 7th Ave .
That and I like how the restaurant is tucked away in a random little spot .
Plus , they take reservations AND are BYOB !
On top of that all my daughters chicken was dry and stringy .
U become a number
You order at the bar , which seems to somehow work better here than it did at Delachaise .
By the time I finished my meal , my fries were cold , and miserably so ( and I 'm not a slow eater ) .
The deliver was right on time and the food was delicious !
The ribeye melted in my mouth .
I live in the neighborhood and absolutely love this place !
The chicken & dumplings were the best thing I 've ever eaten .
It had so much flavor , a little salt , a little sweet , it 's HUGE and I ate the whole thing !
I would have ordered that salad as a meal it was so good .
They shuffle people in and out quickly , as most places do on this busy street .
After we were seated she greeted us and insisted on the soup in her very broken english , sometimes reverting to german .
I got ta say they made the best squid steak I ever had .
Very good service and very fast !
I checked a website that has a bunch of different kinds of ethnic foods around Indy ( http://www.indyethnicfood.com ) .
Gnocchi with apple was very light , unexpected and delicious !
Loved their tzatziki sauce was delicious !
Worst service in IL .
I phoned this restaurant on December 28th and booked a reservation ( I thought ) for December 29th .
The pork tenderloin was a seasonal special but enormous and good .
The flavor was just great .
The staff members are pretty friendly and are always making sure our trash is taken away often along with getting our refills .
Cake , cookies , pies , brownies .... They are all delicious and visually appealing as well ( several glitter items ! ) .
Took home most of it .
My other friend enjoyed his chicken sandwich .
We went there yesterday based on the ( mostly good ) reviews on Yelp .
Thankfully , our server , Jen Fig , told us that there was a new pastry chef who makes all the desserts in - house .
We shared the steak fajitas and those were yummy - not greasy .
He usually adds pepper but said it came seasoned just the way he liked it .
The service was why I gave this restaurant 4/5 instead of 5/5 .
I 'm a tender girl to the end so we opted for tenders for an appetizer .
Catfish and jambalaya were great !
The mimosas are wonderful as well !
One of my favorite breakfast places to eat love local food thank you for excellent customer service every time we go !
There s a huge bar , too , so I imagine this would be a great spot to grab a drink or fancy pizza after work during the week .
We went in and found the establishment was worn .
I still consider this place my favorte go to for such things and omg french fries yumm ...
I had the tuna plate , which was great too .
This is my second trip to Ralph 's and as with the first , the food was outstanding .
So got ta give one star because we ca n't even rate the food , due to us not getting seated .
Plus , the food here is delicious .
Went with two friends and we enjoyed ourselves .
We finished off with key lime pie and strawberry shortcake .
Priced at $ 17.95 per lb , they came anywhere between 1.5 to 3 lbs .
The second time , we had a birthday party in their backroom .
The description is pretty misleading .
As for the inside of the facility , it was the same as most other chains .
FYI : The cheeseburgers are very good !
I got a breakfast sandwich and it was greasy and soggy .
I felt like when I left , it would be like when you left a concert - still shouting at each other with a raw voice .
It was all young professionals taking advantage of the $ 9.95 dinner special .
Viper : " Yeah , she 's definitely hot .
I ended up taking the top half of the bun and eating the burger like that and it was better .
I ordered the brisket ( sliced ) , a pork belly taco and a side of corn bread .
If they would have just told us upfront that it would be well over an hour wait , we would have never stayed .
Made it a point to stop by on my way back from Sturgis SD
No big deal , but as expected it did n't hold up to the burger so I would have preferred a regular bun .
The pieces were relatively thick , but they were cooked through with a crisp exterior and a juicy interior .
The restaurant is casual and small .
First of all , the gumbo was such a small portion that I thought I was being pranked when the waiter served it .
other than the window into the kitchen .
We love the ambience of downtown Franklin so we were excited to try the Red Pony .
He and the manager were glaring at me , totally unsympathetic .
The mac and cheese , who said it is n't real cheese ?
I love that this place is close to work and they have a drive through .
Went in , spoke with the owner and discussed what I wanted and a pick up time .
I was strolling around the neighborhood until I came across this place .
A wonderful dining experience .
We also saw desserts and had to go there .
It reminded us of an old diner .
We did not finish the ceviche , it had no taste at all .
Hot wings are very saucy and better than the other wings .
Not good for you but OMG are they delicious the prices are a little higher than they need to be but it 's a nice change
It 's not your average food place .
My only less than positive comment is regarding the ' sports bar ' label ... no do n't think they can yet call it that .
Ca n't go wrong great service , good food along with nice blue cheese olive martinis !
We are so happy to have a place to go pre - World Cafe Live .
It is definitely the best tasting base soup I 've had in pho in the city .
It 'll change your life ! ! !
Came here with the team one night so we shared a few things .
Stopped through as I started my 4th day of Road trip from LA to NC ... just what I needed .... mmmmm , mmmm , good .
Louis .............. if you want to have a romantic , fun , and very quality meal check out Modesto .....
On a positive note , the food was very good !
but definitely enjoyed the spicy fish .
Good food ! ! !
The four of us tried a total of five pasta dishes .
The food is outstanding and the staff was supper nice .
But the experience was good .
The husband ordered a cheeseburger with fries ( he really liked it ) -- my individual meatball pizza seemed off to me .
We 've been coming for years , but it has been several since we 've been .
Drinks were delicious .
We ordered the chilly chicken , chicken lollipop , chicken biryani and paper dosa .
The chips and salsa were tasty ... the salsa was unique with lots of cilantro ..... a necessary mexican flavor .
We did n't trust them for dessert , so we scooted out of there .
Bottom line : I work nearby so I 'll come back for lunch , but I doubt I 'd go too far out of my way to come here on a weekend .
One man came in a little while before closing , and they told him they could n't serve him .
I got few drinks and the hummus appetizer and it was all very good , also really reasonable prices .
Waiter does n't check on you or ask how your meal was ...
She proceeded to tell me that she was too busy to tell me and placed me on hold .
The staff here was also great .
Cute place I definitely recommend for brunch :)
It almost reminds me of when I used to go out to eat at restaurants and had my pick of the menu .
So was it the wine that caused my graceful descend or the unsteady chair ?
My favorite dish is the Red Curry ( level three ) .
I would eat here again , only because its super close to my house .
Not a fan of standing at the counter to order , but it is close to home .
Only real negative was the metal searing was a bit uncomfortable , but overall a good addition to the area .
This place is situated inside of a building , not easily seen from the street .
My friend had a fried seafood platter .
All and all its reasonable and family friendly place to go !
My only bit of criticism is that at this price point $ 15.00 , it should be 12 slices not 9 .
Seriously this place is BOMB .
The 2nd time , I only got a half waffle , and it did n't seem like as much chicken .
The cheese sticks were some of the best I 've ever had .
Atmosphere was nice and the fish tank was awesome .
Wish they had half portions -- ended up throwing most of mine away and felt wasteful .
I also indulge in calamari , raw oysters and a bottle of Groth Cab .
Parking can be a bit tricky , nut go around the corner and there 's parking behind and a back entrance .
We got the chicken salad sandwich and the portobello and provolone sandwich .
Tonight , sweetheart loved the matzo ball soup , which is 5 - star .
I got my kid the ahi tuna tacos kids meal and the fish came out really bland .
The drinks were on point as expected .
Not sure what is going on with Muriel 's but we had a disappointing experience this past Jazz Fest .
He puts it between two pieces of pita and the presses it like a panini but better .
I ordered the pulled pork undercooked , bland bake potato .
The depot burger is so delicious along with the shishito peppers !
Since it was lunch , we went with a sandwich and a burger .
Finally , I do have to say their cold veggies were delicious !
Eat with your fingers so if you do n't have hands it could be problem .
All and all , I love that this place is literally a few steps away from my apartment and that they have decent food .
This place looks a lot nicer than it actually is , unfortunately .
I liked the reddish , I liked the shrimp , and there was a nice amount of crab meat .
Such a great place to hang , inside is beautiful and outside you can hear nice music while having a coffee and a cig !
Great food and service ( thanks Jonathan ! ) , definaelty a good find that was busy but had no wait on a Saturday .
I have never had a bad night here .
The service was okay , but I would def .
I had lunch alone today , so I sat at the bar and they offered complementary water and tea .
The wait was short .
I was attending SNAFU Con and I was with one of the performers .
The fried food platter was over cooked , so our food was really dry .
We got the # 49 which was a 3 meat dish with rice .
The hibachi steak nothing spectacular the teriyaki steak was the winner for me .
I will NEVER go back and I will be telling everyone I know how this place has slipped and is horrible .
He did forget to put in our food order , but he came by and told us of his mistake and offered a free app .
Our server flew right past our table to the table behind us to ask if they needed anything , then she started to walk away .
Ambiance of this place was great .
Stayed down the road from this place and walked past it a few times a day without trying it -- glad I finally did !
Best buffet in Reno hands down .
Food was delicious , perfectly prepared and presented .
Stay away from this place at all costs .
I liked the lavender taste , but the extreme sweetness ruined it .
I 'm a vegetarian so only a few options for brunch but they seem very accommodating .
I 'd come back to Americano to drink and munch on tapas with friends .
I had a nice glass of Chardonnay and spring rolls ( awesome sauce , literally ! ) while waiting for friends .
Also items I was shopping for we 're not clearly priced and the deli only had 2 sizes of containers .
2 ) The name Henry reminds me of Thomas the tank engine .
The bar was also cheaply done .
I know spring hill is not where you think of when you want sushi but this is the last time we order from this place .
On Friday , 3/18/11 , my daughter came home from Spring Break raving about the Neopolitan - style pizza she 'd had in Utah .
Now to the food .. MUST try the huevos bruncheros ! ! !
It 's fine , the ambiance was nice , but the menu is limited and food is nothing to write home about .
I 'm not sure if it 's purposely that spicy or someone accidently spilled the chili oil into it .
One of my all time favorite place to go with a group .
The service was great and enjoyed talking to our server .
I ve eaten here 3 of the last 5 days ! !
It was all very good , but seemed kind of pricey for the portion size .
The cheese circle , amazing .
I ordered a fruit bowl ( berries , grapes , apples ) the Grasshopper milkshake and I tried the Quiche .
Great happy hour deal ! !
The gravy was spectacular but let 's not forget the biscuit ... incredibly soft on the inside with a perfectly crips outside .
Their honey garlic wings are quite nice too !
All in all , with green tea , gyoza , miso soup , kani salad , and an 8 piece roll , my bill was only $ 14.00 ! ! !
Friendly staff remembers us ;)
Today I happened upon this beautiful " old friend " and was thrilled to see it still standing and doing business ! ! !
Keep up the great work and see you in 2 weeks ! ! ! !
This place is really a tremendous dining experience .
Her eggs were scrambled rather than over hard .
Each time we return , they slip a little more .
The food : It is always delicious .
Very very simple brunch dishes ( eggs and bacon , omelets , etc ) which are all rather overpriced .
We also tried the pad thai noodles , which really was bland lo mein ... but hey it works when you 're hungry .
I saw on the outside that there was a 2 course special - but the server never explained it to us or brought it up as an option .
I 'm normally not a big fan of crust but this was also great .
The filled lemon was the better of the two .
The pizza are great but my favorite is crawfish beignet @ brunch with the bottomless sangrias .
A very good mod dat brunch , dinner , and private dining spot .
The tenderloin was good because it was a good cut of meat .
I notice the employees do n't really care about what they are doing .
I just ordered one plate .
The chicken was not thickly battered and that made it even more special .
We really enjoy the baked wings too although the blue cheese dressing needs help , it 's kind of cheap .
The quality of their food is amazing .
So we got to watch a advertisement on three different TVs .
He refuses to listen to employee 's & customer complaints .
This is absolutely the most amazing pizza .
The positive , our waitress Kaitlyn was outstanding .
Why oh why ca n't we have an In - N - Out in Boston ?
Other reviewers are right : Service is thoughtful and attentive .
This was our first time at the jersey location .
The trout was a healthy serving and perfectly prepared .
Very cheap food considering the quality , the cleanliness and the taste , you wo n't regret it if you try it I promise ! !
The front patio area is spacious ... if sitting near Veterans Hwy is your sort of thing .
I do n't eat beef or pork so many fudged are out of the realm of possibility for me , but not here !
I 'm almost thankful that there is usually a line for this place .
It tastes like they made it no sooner than yesterday and it was thin , yet not that crispy .
Best cheesecake my fiancé ever had .
My husband was starving and grumpy after our red eye flight in from Cali , this was the perfect meal to perk him right up !
I have to say the steak was beyond amazing !
The baked beans are just okay .
It was a cute place and a good date night place .
I had the chicken and waffles and it was decent .
Not exactly authentic Mexican food , but I thought they 'd be safe .
Expect a long wait , got there at 12:30p and did n't get food until 1:20p .
There was only one bartender working , but she did a pretty good job keeping up with everyone that was waiting for a drink .
Place looks plain from the outside but it has a very clean , sharp look to it on the inside .
Also , the first time I went I was amazed at how tall the Duncan Hines cake was .
I like Deweys 's primary because it 's close to my house .
I ordered a last minute pumpkin pie for pick up the next morning , and it was not a problem for them .
I had the vegetarian spring rolls and chicken pho .
The cakes looked wonderful and the staff was super friendly .
I was a bit disappointed that the Mac and cheese was not removed from our final bill .
As it turns out , Boulevard Pizza was a Shakey 's back in the day .
We are so glad we went local instead of to a chain .
It was non greesy and plated neatly .
The chicken taco was overcooked and dry , and the tortilla was wet and soggy from the verde sauce , which I did not like .
When I asked for the check , as I was disgusted , the woman asked me if I wanted a box to take home my un - eaten roll .
Do n't be fooled , because the restaurant looks beautiful from the outside .
Its a small place and gets busy but soo worth the wait if its busy the wings and the bacon cheese tots are fabulous .
I really want to give it only one star , but that feels a bit like piling on .
Beignets were not good either .
I ca n't imagine ever going back to this place when Pho 75 is way way better and right next door ...
I had the wienerschnitzel and my friend had the shrimp and grits .
Best place to eat in Reno .
Marrakesh is truly a magical hole - in - the - wall .
Came across The Craft House on Yelp and we were very pleased with the awesome craft beer selection they have !
It 's so nice to have a gourmet place in the area .
The restrooms were dirty and no toilet paper .
Best restaurant in Tampa !
The toast itself had a good consistency and was well cooked .
I got the Bloody Mary and it was a great size for the price .
Showed up at about noon on a Saturday , the place was busy but we were able to grab the last two seats at the bar .
The doughnuts were decent but the doughnut holes were ridiculously delicious .
Every single veggie had a crunch .
Charles and finish with lunch at Hendricks .
Probably the best place to order within Westchase and the staff is very friendly .
The margarita tasted like lemonade .
I had the red fish which was outstanding .
We got the creole baked eggs and Migas with chorizo .
Yes , they do call their fries " Freedom " fries .
No doubt a place to check out if you 're in the area , and if you 're not , make your way out here .
There was a $ 10 minimum for credit cards so the bartender gave me a beer in addition , which I gave to a friend .
Reading the other reviews , I thought this would be a good place to get some dinner but I thought wrong .
Once we sat down , we ordered drinks and food .
We went in midweek prior to the dinner rush -- around 4:30 and our server had only like 2 tables .
I really want to like this place , but it seems like the inconsistencies are creating so many mixed reviews .
Nothing was overwhelmingly horrible , but I expected more considering all the hype .
We were seated in the back room with Mexican pop music carrying through the windows ...
My boyfriend & I just recently moved to the Tampa area , so we are traveling to all different places and trying them out .
The pho is abysmal .
My business is in neighboring Pennsauken , and we are there every morning ! ! !
One thing that jumped out to me is that the waiting staff was almost exclusively non - Chinese , at least as far I could see .
I know that they are new , but at this rate , they wo n't be around much longer .
Such love amongst the staff !
The beet salad was great .
We 're out of town and did n't know what was available ( other than the typical fast food joints and Five Guys ) .
I 'll preface by conveying that we did bring most of our concerns to the attention of management and were somewhat compensated .
We both choose the southern green beans and fries .
When we were done , we had separate checks .
Just a hodgepodge of tables and chairs , some random booth seats and a bar .
The dipping sauce was a mix between curry and Planter 's honey roasted peanuts .
I do remember enjoying it and the margaritas .
I added a little too much cream but thankfully it did n't ruin it for me .
My new favorite lunch spot ! !
The prices were a tad expensive for coffee and pastries especially when the coffee is n't super elaborate .
The restaurant was not busy .
The furninshings were great , and the supplied soap , etc .
They just opened another location in the park place mall and i love it !
Do n't forget your wine , its byob .
That 's right , I said free and the parking lot is in the same building .
The presentation of the dish is pleasant .
Food was very good overall and we especially liked the Tuna Nicoise and Mushroom Ragu over Polenta .
A great dinner spot , just do n't come if you 're in a rush !
I could do without the egg , but it was easy enough to push over to the side .
the fried frog legs , crawfish tails , and fried alligator had no seasoning and were very bland .
Not good tasting and not good visually .
The vegetable side dishes were great and they were kind enough to bring us more when we ate it up .
He truly cares about his customers ' experience unlike most restaurant owners who care about the bottom line .
We got the pad thai ( again , to see if it would be better ) , but it was exactly the same : bland .
It has a nice breeze and you can see the gulf from inside .
Okay suffice it to say that the food is great .
So we ordered a half dozen oysters instead .
Cool place ! !
I even wondered if it was a mistake .
One of those meals you eat and regret it later ... yea .
I was in the area and hungry , so of course I turned to Yelp .
Also , their stuffed french toast was great .
If your order is to complicated to them , they wo n't take it .
I knew my husband was n't sure about it but was willing to give it a try .
Decided we liked the looks of Earl 's .
The bartender came out with an extra plate and proceeded to clear off the second burger and fries and take them in back ...
This is by far my favorite Chinese place to eat .
Overall , I 'd say it 's a great breakfast place if you are in Santa Barbara
He finally apologized toward the end of the meal but it took my husband and I an hour after we left to get out of our funk .
- They only take cash !
The sweet potato fries were overly cooked .
And the entire dish had only 490 calories !
Chicken salad was fresh but sparse which was a little irksome as i love chicken salad .
I came to Shepards for a Memorial Day Weekend party and I was impressed .
The food has been delivered very quickly .
If you 're there with just one or two other people , then you wo n't have to worry .
I ca n't even fathom eating fish for breakfast .
We had appetizers and desert along with our meal and loved everything we ordered .
I went yesterday for brunch and found the place to be quite cozy .
My girlfriend had some sort of seafood medley pasta on special which was excellent .
Took mine to - go and it was packaged well ( in butcher paper ) and was still warm and not soggy when I got home .
My all time favorite dishes at Yats are the Spinach - Mushroom Étouffée and the Chicken Creole .
I ordered some benigets , about five dollars , and they were fresh and delicious .
Went over to their tables , introduced myself and asked
Do n't berate someone for not liking something that did n't meet their expectations .
The whole familly LOVES it here and the friends i have sent over there were n't diappionted and have become regulars too .
I also enjoy indulging with an order of their house - made chips and rosemary aioli as I peruse the rest of the menu .
If u do n't like chicken then do n't come here bc their birds are fly !
Our waiter was fun , knowledgeable and engaging .
There was no detectable gristle here , something I have often come across at this little places .
The food was amazing and the service was great too .
The red velvet ice cream is wonderful ! !
Our slow service was the only thing holding back a perfect experience .
The lady told me it was made and sitting there .
We went Sunday evening and the place was definitely booming .
I predict this place is going to stay under the radar for just a little bit longer , so get there while you can .
Wait staff was very attentive , but not over the top in your face .
This was a semi - formal restaurant , as they have dim lighting with a fairly expensive hibachi menu .
One of my favorite local sushi places .
The service was very good here .
We enjoyed both outside for people watching and inside for the fireplace and black and white movies on the televisions .
At 6:01 , I realized how awesome their service is .
We insisted on a complimentary round of drinks ( which they did agree to ) .
I could n't taste any of the toppings ( did dig around looking for chipotle mayo and think I found it on the bottom bun ) .
We 've been coming here for 5 years and absolutely love it .
Myself and another person split the meal , and there was still some left over .
The rest of them makes you feel like a burden + they ignore you on purpose if conversation behind the sushi bar is interesting .
The beer biscuits were over cooked -- very dark and crunchy on the edges .
We got an order of the ribs to go which the rest of the family devoured .
They were like $ 30 and they hit the damn spot .
The only bad thing was some sort of odor that will hit you as soon as you enter .
Also , Paola and Mike are great people that show a genuine appreciation of your business .
The coffee and baked goods are excellent .
The environment of the restaurant is very nice .
The food items were not flavorful and pretty bland for the prices .
We will be coming back to this restaurant for sure ! ! ! !
The restaurant is also BYOB , which is a great plus !
Also , the people who work there are really nice too .
I order Rellenos anytime I see them on the menu since they are one of my favorite things .
The salad rolls especially exceptional .
We do n't go very often but have been there maybe a dozen times .
As for recommending what to order - everything they serve is great !
It was HUGE and probably bigger than both of the rooms combined .
Went to dinner here with friends , and ca n't help but question the folks who said they had terrible service or so so food .
So , overall , we were underwhelmed with the food , making it a solid 3 stars .
I finally took the chance to tried it with my co - worker and i was some what disappointed .
The vermicelli are a decent size and a fair price .
The cod was overcooked to the point of being mushy and falling apart .
The grilled chicken was just that - grilled chicken .
The manager did a great job too .
Part of me wishes I had n't been so exuberant about it -- maybe I would n't have had to share so much .
Mac and cheese was amazing .
I had some chicken entree that was pretty good , and then I had the fried ice cream for dessert .
The water is brown and there is little to see .
The breading had no flavor , the squid was chewy and the dipping sauces were mediocre at best .
Shame they are closed on Tuesday .
Horrible service .
( I know I grade easy , but if I was a food critic from the New York Times , I would still call this place 5 star ) .
It does get very crowded later in the evening ..
We only waited about a half hour on a Friday night for a table for two , which was more than acceptable to me .
The Mac & Cheese was pretty good , not my favorite dish .
We love , love , love Gia 's !
It was put in a to go bag , no plates , butter , sporks , etc .
In my book of cutie pie cafes Lava gets a 10 out of 10 !
The only downfall was their cheese ...
I would never go back here again nor recommend this place to someone else ...
No dinner than I hung up and opened the burrito I noticed I had no fajita peppers ...
Went this morning for brunch and had a great time !
The chocolate chip cookies are nice treat .
Sushi chose Tampa to be one of their US locations .
I ordered sundaes and they gave me cups with lids that do nt secure , by the time I got home it was a soupy mess .
Our server was great .
Holy cow , these some good cannoli .
The food at Bruno 's and Bally 's is much better ... so is their level of cleanliness and customer service .
The half order of nacho 's was enough for all of us and the smokey pork made them even better .
The next visit will also include me having the spumoni , which looked absolutely delicious , and a seat at the coffee bar .
No matter , it did n't take much away from the evening .
You can sit , stand , walk all over most parts of the boat , enjoy the sights and listen to the narrator .
I enjoyed several red wines , a cava , and a few glasses of beer over several recent visits .
Overall an awesome experience that lived up to our expectations and then some .
My friend and I both ordered pasta , but the pizzas looked good from afar .
We all ordered drinks .
Really enjoyed zinger burger here !
All of the deftly sliced fish pieces sit poised atop a bed of shaved ice , begging to be devoured .
Every single time .
Remember Thanksgiving at Grandma 's house ?
The food was good and arrived fast .
Just an over all awesome place .
My friend described it as " too strong of a taste . "
I had hoped it would be a place that I could carry out from often , but I was thoroughly disappointed .
Then it was my sons birthday and the waitresses said they were too busy to sing happy birthday , I did n't even ask them .
It 's every girls dream and for all you guys .. treating a girl to this place .. she'd be over the moon !
I 'm in a rut .
Skimpy on the onions too .
I did feel the price was a bit high for what I got .
The food was not bad but okay at best .
You can people watch from the window tables and they angle to let in a nice breeze .
To top it off - about 2 hours later , both of us were experiencing sour stomachs ..
Amazing , i got the chicken parm and it was crispy and cooked amazing .
Not sure if this place is ever crowded , but it certainly was fairly empty on a Wednesday night , so we were seated immediately .
We wanted Asian duck and were in the area , so we stopped in .
The restaurant is beautiful and food is amazing .
Service was good , and the inside of the restaurant is cheerful and well - lit .
We all make mistakes but own up to it and correct it !
My favorite has been the crawfish étouffée .
i used my bank card , and noticed that I was charged significantly more than I agreed to , so I called the restaurant .
This is one of my favorite Thai places in the area !
The fish itself was pretty damn good but the tortilla tasted fresh from the supermarket .
Next time the pancake place across the street .
Some were very good and others were interesting .
I 've been 2 times in the last 4 days and both experiences were excellent .
He got the special which was some kind of sweet and spicy fried chicken .
Thought I would just give it a THUMBS DOWN on Yelp .
We liked the pickled beets but the turnips and black kale surprisingly where our favorite .
Highly recommend this place to everyone !
I had the PBJ burger .
The tunes were easy on the ears .
Seen this place many times and finally got to try it last night with my husband .
The bread was good .
Dawson at the bar was so helpful with my wine selection and was extremely friendly .
I had high expectations for my burger and I was not disappointed .
The drinks are phenomenal ! ! !
Little late on reviewing this ( ok super late , as in probably a year .
Food is delicious , and the coffee ( capuccinos , lattes , etc . ) are outstanding .
The main courses were unadventurous Italian American selections .
I think it 's kind of expensive for what you get , so I just get dessert when I go there now .
About a 45minute wait , but we hung out on their sofa and ordered beers and a starter .
The workers working at 11:30 at th front have terrible customer service .
Man they do keep it COLD , coldest coffee shop I 've been to ... I've seen people leave cus they could n't feel they 're hands .
I 'm not really that picky just a simple hello and follow me and I will seat you will work .
Sure it 's more expensive than " regular " fast food , but it 's also way tastier .
Parking was not a problem ( of course I drive the world 's smallest car ) service very friendly and helpful .
Fish did n't have any firmness to it and they smell fishy .
The seafood gumbo is silky smooth .
Pleasantly surprised for an Arizona casino .
They brought it out without the chicken .
I waited in line for 7 or 8 minutes before a woman came out to tell me that the kitchen was closing .
When I ordered the lunch special I politely said I did not want the egg roll and wonton , as they were fried .
I had the pork chop at it was really good .
The beef was cut and fanned out beneath a smattering of green beans and fries and sauce .
Pizza had no mushroom and very little sausage .
Food was n't too bad .
Very nice meal .
I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here .
The decor is all vintage , lots of it is from local Florida .
We made a mess but Lou was there with replacement napkins .
If you 're a vegetarian you probably want to avoid this place all together because it 's not very veggie friendly .
The sweet tea was sour , the ice machine took forever ( it seems like ) to dispense ice .
When our food came out the Rye was completely under toasted and the fries were not well done .
Come on people .... accept that you live in Tampa Bay and judge accordingly .
Only the best Mexican food in Florida ! ! ! !
I love the feel of the place , the people who work there are always great , and the food is fantastic & very well priced .
Over all Ivana was amazing and the food was great .
Its not " the best Mexican food ever " but the best in that part of the street by far .
i go here to get my coffee and it is quaint that you can sit outside with the niece if necessary .
This restaurant needs a serious deep cleaning ! !
Need reservations or you wo n't get in .
The food is delicious .
This place was awesome .
Our prime rib was cooked to our order and our server Joey was super sweet and made sure we had everything .
The line may be long and makes you freeze in this weather , but the food is totally worth it ! ! !
It 's close to Nashville and all the fun that city has to offer .
Paul is a great guy and every time I 've been in there he 's gone out of his way to say hello and check that everyone is pleased .
Tourist trap I 'm sure because it 's on Canal , so stay away .
We 've eaten here twice , both times during off - hours .
The coffee was burnt and old in flavor ; either that or it was instant and I am not sure which is true .
The chicken teriyaki , served with miso soup , two delicate dumplings and rice provided a tasty experience .
We decided to give this place another shot since we live so close .
Waiter forgot to bring an ordered side dish , yet had it on the bill , of course .
Oddly enough , it was literally a head of romaine on a plate with vinaigrette , strawberries , tomatoes and blue cheese on top .
It 's a small BYOB which I always love .
Parking can be a pain along with the wait , but I 've never been unsatisfied at this location .
Cause the food is truly special .
It 's the same for the glazed one .
Tequeños were a surprisingly nice size for the price
Had the shrimp and grits , croque Madame and the seafood gumbo .
every time I am in here , I 'm amazed at how rude the cashier is and how indifferent the servers are .
3rd time did me in , after waiting 6 minutes to talk to the speaker box I got to order and ordered a 12 pack ....
They got the drinks right and the fries were the wrong size so basically we were overcharged for everything .
The food and pricing was fine .
Muriels has delicious food and fantastic service !
His steak fries were also good .
She told us we could sit anywhere and did n't need special dispensation from the king .
Han Dynasty is a great addition to University City and West Philly !
This restaurant is great for kids .... I repeat great for kids ....
the main entrees were both just OK .
Ugh and they 're gon na be loud and talking about things .
Aside from the incredible food , the staff is extremely friendly and attentive .
Very nice atmosphere and great service ...
Went for a casual happy hour and thoroughly enjoyed my $ 8 ( normally $ 12 ) cocktail .
There are so many better places in town .
One thing I did n't like for the price was the cheese selection .
This restaurant is absolutely delicious .
We ordered the fried green tomatoes eggs benedict and crab cake eggs benedict .
The people who work here are super friendly and treat their customer very well .
The only downside was they had two TeeVees playing some really inane - looking Tim Allen movie .
Great choice !
I 'm sure the food is great - it 's too bad I did n't have a chance to try it .
2 enthusiastic thumbs up ! !
It must 've been scraped off the bottom of the pot because it was cold , mush , and not tasty .
Oyster / shrimp po - boy was the same .
The staff is very polite and friendly .
Mentioned to the very sweet waitress that we were sharing and she was kind enough to bring us extra plates .
We get there , and she was right about the area .
This seriously has to be the most amazing thing ever !
There were 20 + in our party each night and the service was pretty good .
As to the service and the ambience , well , this is my kind of place , mismatched chairs and tables with no pretense at all .
Both times I was lucky enough not be sat right next to strangers .
It had no flavor , it was so tiny for 7 dollars(we had way better gumbo at another place the day after for way less ) .
As I was there to try the lunch menu I am pretty disappointed .
Upon arrival they said it was going to 40 minutes for our table .
We had n't been here sooner because of the negative past reviews ...
I do n't think I 've ever been milked this hard from a coffee establishment .
It honestly tasted like a pasta dish I could make quickly at home .
Our server was excellent and went out of her way to make sure we were satisfied .
It 's a factory where you can get a tour ( Friday - Sunday , noon-5pm on the hour ) , there 's a shop , bar , and dining area .
And the shrimp inside the rice was beyond amazing .
Then once I finally got to where you place your order , I had to wait for 5 more minutes before anyone took my order .
I came in with high hopes and left with slight disappointment .
The only thing that is an issue for us is no changing table in the bathrooms .
Almost as good as my favorite pizza joint in the world : The Art of Pizza .
They keep their griddle clean around the kitchen , but I 'm sorry , that 's not enough .
came for lunch buffet , there were several dishes but overall quality was average .
The chocolate cake is dark , moist and very good .
It was a very snowy cold day and hot soup was the cure .
Finally , a waiter came into the room .
I loved almost every dish we ordered .
The pork chop and the South Philly were excellent !
Fun but a little awkward .
Its like you are eating at a nice restaurant , but paying the same price you would pay at come crappy fast - food joint .
The sweet potato fries are awsome .
The place itself does n't look like anything special ; a few table and a sushi bar .
I wo n't eat a burger here but the egg mc muffin is shamelessly yummy .
Very good brand .
I selected a duck confit with eggs lunch dish .
Average touristy place .
My friend got the fried avocado fries .
The arguing was not worth it and I told my friends we were leaving .
We got in around 5 and were pretty hungry , so we went to look for a place with good food that was n't too touristy .
You do n't even have to ask for a glass of water .
My wife and I ordered 5 tapas between us and could have ordered more .
Simply the best chicken fingers I 've ever had .
We headed here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon , and I think it is going to be one of our new favorite lunch spots .
What a great find !
The place is wheelchair accessible with a ramp in the front and a h / c accessible restroom .
The broccoli was cooked perfectly and had terrific flavors .
Inconsistent quality - pizza review only
I 'm pretty sure this probably was n't the best way to get a first taste of it as it 's covered up with so many other flavours .
This resort is beautiful .
The food is home made tasting and hearty .
My sister ordered the Triple Delight , with shrimp , scallops and chicken .
Love the carmelos , carne asada tacos , and fruit !
I believe every one of us had some kind of problem with the order ( party of 10 ) .
Like they say " it makes a difference when the owners are there " .
Had a great time here .
Parking and seating is a little limited , but it 's definitely worth it !
It really is a gem , tucked away in that strip mall .
I could n't believe something that gorgeous and magical is on a weird little side street in Broad Ripple .
In between we kept trying to get someone 's attention because we had asked to take part of an entree home .
i 'm a big fan of suraya , and i 'll definitely return !
The revolution wo n't be televised in the frozen fruit section .
We had two appetizers , Calamari and Crap dip .
Wow the service was great from placing my order to the finish product .
louis has a place at which i look forward to eating when i am visiting ! !
The blue crabs and crab cakes were ok , but not too impressive .
Formally Lexi 's , now under new ownership ( Sienna Casino ) - Beautiful river view restaurant .
We are still talking about the food , but my husband 's back hurts from sitting so long .
It 's all around one of my favorite bars in Carmel , if you have n't been come in and check it out !
Overall , a good experience .
The cinnamon shell was good .
Very authentic and large in size which made it a very good deal .
I called back and asked her to direct me to this info on their website and she then says it 's posted on Yelp !
My husband had liver and onions and the liver was small and very thin .
Lox , by definition , are not cooked but smoked only .
was told they will be coming out of the dryer soon .
The staff are always friendly and attentive !
I usually go for oysters , pate , and a few drinks so I ca n't comment on the entrees .
:( There is one unisex restroom and the lock is broken ; my friend almost opened the door on a guy who was occupying the room !
Overall not a good exoerience
This place was great ; we 're in Philly for several days on vacation and wanted someplace we 'd feel fancy but casual .
The chocolate caramel cupcake was good as well .
Waitress and hostess were really friendly .
He was super engaging and even showed us his dance moves !
I have to say , we definitely enjoyed our meal and will go back for the prime rib sandwich , I loved those caramelized onions !
It is not in the best part of town .
20 bucks for bad tacos ! ! .
I was so full from the gumbo but I just could n't stop eating the soft shell crab !
Everyone loved their meals and drinks .
The steak was perfectly cooked and well seasoned , the fries were limp and greasy .
We thought the red curry and pad Thai dishes were the best we 'd had , ever .
Such a nice way to end a great evening
My coworkers have all expressed the same complaints .
I ordered a banana pie and a butter milk cheese biscuit with a lo colombe regular coffee .
Three Muses feels like a little private nightclub right on very busy Frenchman Street !
When I told her that I wanted to try Taiwanese food , she appeared very hesitant about serving it .
So immediately not a good impression .
This is the type of noodle place to play Blink 182 one day and Notorious BIG the next .
But I switched to my hubby 's dish- saffron pasta with crab meat .
First time visiting this place and I liked the concept a lot .
I got the drunken chicken and it was the best meal I 've had it a long time ! ! !
After the hostess sat us , no one ever arrived to take our order .
It was cooked perfectly medium rare and the flavors blended together in a way I never thought was possible .
I 've heard others rave about them but I think they are tasteless .
It was kinda dry too but that might be the way its supposed to be .
The salad and meatballs were the perfect lunch .
It 's connected to kind of a shady looking motel but do n't let that detour you .
There will be a whole line of them out front .
The food here is great , the portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable ...
Have n't been amazed , but it 's a hotel by the airport !
We are sad t see your staff did not live up to your standards .
Total disappointment .
Go for the 9 " Italian , and then afterwards order a sub .
They had some sort of dry rub on them and not a sauce .
But , to be honest , those late nights when all I want is a fresh baked cookie pizza , I 'd be willing to pay $ 50 .
6 of us went on a rainy Sunday and had a delightful meal , with lots of time to enjoy the good food and each others ' company .
So I did what any sensible person would and got both .
Went here tonight with one friend and got sat right away in a very nice private spot .
The food was pretty good but the service regarding the cleanliness of the food area was superb .
She did an excellent job- was knowledgeable , friendly , and accommodating to our dietary preferences .
I had some sashimi and the fish was fresh , generous and delicious .
First time was mediocre , the second time was so very disappointing it beggars belief .
Would 've given you guys 5 starts if I did n't see the cook in the back eating .
I would recommend to try it out ... I am sure it will be hard to go back to Boston pizza or Pizza 73 etc .
SAH - LAW KAH - RHEE MOHN ( ~$7.50 ): This was a curry chicken in a soup - like broth .
When I did get it , it was not worth the wait .
it came out more on the medium - well side but it was fine .
The place was packed all three times .
I tried both items and as I stated before , both were okay .
Being new , the restaurant was clean and nice .
Finally a waiter in another section took out order .
I love Chick - fil - A but this location was way too crowded .
The only thing nice is the environment .
My daughter and her friend had the hummus appetizer which they said was pretty good .
The ribs were very tender and that was about it .
The yellow tail was just a touch under what I like , and the other nigiri was n't really notable .
Food did n't take long after we ordered .
We also had a chocolate muffin , I believe it was gluten free , vegan and paleo .
Special fried rice with no pork .
At VW , we had to order French fries for 5 dollars on the side , which were delicious and came with a well - spiced ketchup .
The best food the best customer service and an outstanding manager they are all so helpful and the food is great
I especially loved the yucca fries and the Peruvian style vegetarian fried rice .
Our server was too friendly .
My crew and I absolutely love this place .
The waitress acted like she was doing a favor just serving us .
When the sushi arrived , I noticed it was only about half of our order .
We were still charged for the appetizer .
My wife 's " salad " was just a bowl of seasoned raw vegetables , no lettuce .
More than pleased with this place
Either way , that was the last we will order from them for sure .
A young homeless man came in and asked for water and I watched this man turn him away .
you need to check this place out ! ! ! ! !
I had the king crab legs , sweet potatoe and broccoli , all were great ! !
Ca n't wait to come back to get my KBBQ fix
I do n't want to go back because I refuse to pay for burnt food .
We all liked our meals .
Went in about 10 pm on a Saturday night , no wait - the place was pretty empty .
The whole process of ordering your food makes me feel like I 'm back in preschool / middle school .
This is one of those places you might be inclined to overlook , but you are missing a real treat .
Then , there 's the pretzel bun sandwiches .
I do think the food was worth the price although all of my party thought it was very expensive .
We might give it another chance just becos we are local and becos we wo n't write off a place based on ordering two items .
Having said that - our first ( and only ) round of drinks took approx .
I loved my fajita platter but felt bad for everybody else .
Then there is the OMG , OMG , sometimes muttered several times .
But it was n't something I 'd order again , as I thought it was very bland - even with all of the jazzed up toppings .
Ca n't say there is anything particularly special about the building and/or decoration .
Also the mashed and asparagus that came with it were both very good .
The ingredients range from artichokes through sausage through cheeses .
Things that do nt sound like they would necessarily go together are delish !
The only reason it 's not five stars is the seating / atompshere sucks .
And to finish a waiter and his help that stained our clothes !
He clearly did not know how to read the order receipt , which honestly a 1st grader could understand .
My friend also ordered the Chicken Piccata which tasted fine .
and we tried to play tetris to make it all fit and ended up using the table next to us until we were done out appetizer .
It took 10 minutes for each small plate to arrive .
The staff are really awesome creative people and you can tell they like working there .
The burger was mediocre and that 's because the brioche bun brought up the ranking .
Definitely a good place to stop in for Poke .
They were your typical salad - we were waiting for the stars of the show ...
I also tried out the indian mee goreng on my most recent visit .
We got some mussels , green beans , and bacon wrapped dates that were just ok .
I love every bite .
The service has been consistent , I 've never had a bad thing to say .
No one acknowledged me for over 10 minutes and that 's only because I was leaving .
This is MUCH BETTER than Sweet CeCe 's .
It was only my first time here .
Got the chickie 's riverboat clams before , not really worth the money and they were okay .
The sushi chefs and staff are always friendly and attentive .
Plus its a great deal and BYO to boot .
The gumbo was cold and the place only had about 25 people in the restaurant .
This place is HUGE ... almost 3000 rooms .
Finally got to eat here last night .
If this was n't BYO , then you could always go sit at a bar and have a drink .
Best part about staying there is that my friends and I crashed a wedding that night .
I enjoyed the entertainment and the food .
Tonight we got pizza steaks and they were fabulous .
The place sucks ...
Small mistake , I ordered dark meat and they gave me mixed .
All the food was good .
The other dishes ordered were the manicotti , and the chicken parm which both proved to be average in flavor and quality .
in my defense , it 's very easy to confuse the two .
Great helpful and friendly service .
And the wait staff / management was * super * friendly and helpful with choosing the different foods I should try .
We scurried next door to find a treasure trove of wonderful cookies , cakes , delicacies and ' grab - n - go ' items .
I do n't live in the area anymore & there is n't a Don Pablos remotely close to the area I live now , so I do n't frequent often .
We got a steak and a prime rib and split the two .
She said the woman who used to do here nails at the salon had opened a great Vietnamese restaurant .
Everytime we go there the pastry to the lunches are fantastic .
+ Pulled Pork
My waitress recommended the tortilla soup with chicken - it was great too .
Seriously , the meal I just had there compares very favorable to the many great all - vegan restaurants in Philadelphia .
I was in from Los Angeles visiting family and Yelp had such great things to say .
I like their food , but this just makes me very unhappy ...
It 's a very modern , romantic atmosphere .
This is my favorite place for a greasy burger , and I mean that in a good way .
And the Tri - tip on Sundays is truly the best Tri - tip sandwich I 've ever had ... this is a must try , especially for dinner ...
It 's really a take out joint in a strip mall .
pretty amazed by this place .
The atmosphere is fun and the staff is friendly , just a little expensive that is all !
Josh did a great job !
of note , though , i still appreciate that mumbai bistro labels all of their food to safeguard those with dietary restrictions .
They were out of lychee pieces ( huh ? ) and only had enough tapioca pearls for half a drink .
I 'd imagine that if most people were asked in what part of town they enjoy the cuisine the most , it would be downtown .
Instead , they brought my other food out and said they were out of salmon skin .
Nice place . Seems like it would be a great place to have a few drinks with friends .
The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars was because the seats in the corner booth lacked cushion .
This is a romantic , Italian restaurant !
Not only was the food excellent , but the people here are beyond nice - and genuine .
Short staffed and our poor waitress was completely overwhelmed .
Our service was pretty good !
Food and service was very good .
I 've been here twice recently and both times were delightful .
I ordered the Sour Cherry BBQ stir fry with chicken instead of pork and parsley instead of shallots and it was amazing .
There are some quirky details worth noting ...
The employees ( owners ? ) seemed very eager to please .
The wine , cheese and easy going atmosphere we were both enjoying , but the main course we found to be a huge disappointment .
Dudes , my pasta dish had waay too much pasta .
I have to say that for the most part , each item was really excellent .
I might just be complaining because I paid $ 90 for 24 oysters , but they honestly were n't even that good .
Nice , chewy , and carby - YUM !
The wait staff were very professional and the art on the walls is interesting .
It has a great atmosphere inside and is in a convenient location .
This is the kind of place that you do n't want to come to if you are rushed .
The chicken salad is delicious and the cupcake was wonderful !
The donut selection today was not the best .
The red sauce and the crust is vegan which pretty much makes me an instant fan .
I eat at this restaurant so much that when I call they say " Okay Ashley see you in 10 minutes " I love the food and the staff !
The beer ( of course ) is tasty and fresh .
The manager began to blame the employees .
Even after realizing this , I had no intention of writing a negative review because like I stated above , shit happens .
My favorite place to eat sushi and the nicest people I know that work there !
There was one seat left at the end of the bar which is the main feature of the restaurant and the best seat in the house .
The duck came out with a slightly crispy skin .
Appetizers were served to the whole table and they were delicious .
That was when my boyfriend recalled a place called Imperial Pizza that his buddies talked about .
The booths are very large and comfortable .
It can get a bit loud but other than that it 's a nice place to eat .
Now came our turn .
The service was wonderful , the ambiance is cozy but alive .
Joe got the cod fish dish with a sweet pea puree .
I came here with friends on a Fri or Sat night b/ Stella and Irene 's Cuisine were full .
Food was amazing both times .
We started with the eggplant bruschetta , escargot , and the veal meatballs .
I had a cheesteak , it was the best in the neighborhood and very good .
Food was OK otherwise , but the owner embarrassed me and almost spoiled the night .
I would come back to Zeppoli 's every week if I could afford it , alas I can not .
I ate the chicken but only a little bit of the actual salad .
I 've been eating Mexican food all my life , and these are the best fish tacos I have ever eaten , hands down .
Not the easiest stay .
The food was OK , nothing was great .
Tried the twin broiled lobster tails , and they were very undercooked .
They have great service .
I would have given this place 4 stars had it not been for 2 things that really bothered me .
Went to Honey grow today ( 12 - 21 - 15 ) around 6 o'clock and needed two 10.00 gift cards .
The food is DELICIOUS , and you can taste how " real " it is as compared to something like Panera .
Our waiter Jenna was amazing , knowledgeable and fun .
The decor and the neighborhood were really nice , but the food was on the sweet side .
Bar menu was great , they have a lot of bottled beers to choose from ... no drafts ..
Now I know the answer , and the answer is- not much .
It 's gently sweet , very crispy and covered in butter .
Maybe they mixed it up with my friend who ordered the medium and his was kind of pink .
Our only regret of our trip is not returning to this place .
Other than this place being hard to find , the food is good ! !
Overall , the second best vegan meal .
More of a lunch place than dinner , but that s up to you .
Even guests who swore they did not like brussel sprouts were observed eating them !
I 'm not a beer person so I did n't really enjoy them but they 're good to try out if you do like beer .
We never ate inside , but have been inside numerous times to pickup our food .
I ordered wings and potato salad .
Went to the bathroom and came back .
Very slow help and ca n't seem to remember what you said 4 seconds ago .
Watermelon pickles were amazing and the wedge was done well with great ranch dressing and juicy plump partly sun dried tomatoes
Good price , and Def one of the better chimichangas I 've had .
She told me about the Lavender Latte which I thought sounded interesting , so I tried one on ice and it was so good !
Overall this was one of my favorite meals in 2012 .
It 's a little bit of a tight area around the bar , not much space , but it worked out well for us .
I tried some of the fried rice from my husband 's bento box and it was bland as well !
This place came highly recommended from some family that has been here many times .
Whenever the water glasses are put down the table automatically has water all over it .
This is hands down my favorite lunch spot downtown .
That beginning wait kind of set the tone for the whole meal .
The food here is ok .
Once again , I 'm tempted by the poutine .
The waitress was great and attentive and personable , and we did n't have to wait too long !
The pad Thai noodle is nice and chewy .
We went in with no expectations other than it looked good on yelp .
I order the biscuits and gravy and a side of eggs .
After watching Hubert on top
Wonderful place .
-I asked for the eggs over easy .
I probably should'v left and tried the next time since I was not happy when I was seated due to the waiting .
For the appetizer , we ordered the pale ale beer bread , which came with a blue cheese cream cheese and bacon jam .
The prices are very reasonable and the wait people and other workers are pleasant and efficient .
I ordered a $ 10 Crispy HipCity Ranch Chicken Sandwich , and it tasted like a classic chicken sandwich , but perhaps even better ?
She took our order and said she would be back with our bread .
I would say it 's a good option for grabbing a quick bite at the bar with a glass of wine after work- try the gnocchi !
The black spaghetti had a good amount of lobster in it .
Nice pan cakes ! !
our food arrives , plopped down like so much offal .
No manager came by the table .
The sake punch was a fun take on sangria .
This did n't upset me though since you ca n't expect short order cooks to watch a steak that well .
my first meal there consisted of fried pickles , something i never really thought i 'd ever eat in my life .
I have never had pizza this good and I wo n't eat at any other pizza place because of that .
Lots of creamy sauce - kind of " sweet " in a way - but not much to my taste .
The food really was different and had unbelievable flavor .
N from dirty table clothes .
My daughter did enjoyed hers .
My server was there within seconds , took my drink order ( water to start ) and when he came back took my beer order .
We went for lunch on Saturday .
It was n't bad service , but it was n't outstanding either .
I also got the waitress to bring some red sauce for dipping , so that 's a big plus .
After reading the other reviews on here , I guess I should be happy that this employee did n't turn around and attack !
I like everything about it - starting from the complimentary bread and chips to the bruschetta , pasta and salads ! !
Best breakfast I had in New Orleans .
I placed my order and then explained that I had a credit .
The older couple that owns this place is old - school , so do n't go in looking to be coddled .
We had a reservation for 5:30 , the place was empty .
I do n't recall going to any place that DOESN'T charge extra for extra tubs of dipping .
I mean , really , it 's as if i 'd been let down because a cuban restaurant did n't live up to my Miami standards .
The service was great and the servers were so friendly .
Although there are many different places to dine only half were open .
I am glad there is another place in town to get the bubble tea .
It interferes w conversation and is distracting n carnival like .
I wish I 'd taken a picture , because each little square slice of the pie had a single slice of pepperoni on it .
I love the shrimp and grits at New Orleans Cake and Bakery , but these were incredible too !
That coming from an Italian means so much as we 're reluctant to go Italian since few places cook like mama does .
Except the last time I went the guy said he could make a lavender tea iced ! ? ? ?
She was very friendly and knowledgeable and helpful in making choices .
This place was just OK .
Only ate in the restaurant side twice !
The setting was beautiful and comfy , with morrocan lighting and comfy couches .
This place was pretty cool .
Good food cashier Alessandra very polite and respectful .
It could be very crowded on weekend .
We actually ended up coming back after the NYE fireworks to finish our night there !
I will go back if others invite me , but I wo n't go out of my way to eat here .
The greens literally tasted like they had been picked from a sun warmed field minutes before .
The bacon shake , is " life changing and quite possibly better than some of the sex I 've had " .
The Yelp cash back is nice too !
How am I supposed to answer that question when you wo n't bring me multiple small pours ?
Stopped for a beer the other day - a bit slow and they were out of the beer I wanted but it was all in all not a bad time .
It 's a shame because they have great food and good beer .
Fried onions were 1/4 inch cubes , and caramelized beautifully .
The chopped chicken salad was also great .
The lady that owns the place is very kind and always very gracious to my wife and I.
I was a huge fan of the old O'Briens with the dive bar atmosphere and friendly service .
Our group ordered a mix of things ..
The french fries were very well made , and the dipping sauces delicious .
The meal came with a green sauce for dipping , which was a little spicy , and a yellow Peruvian sauce .
I loved everything about my meal .
Also stated he would send a gift card , it 's been two weeks and still did not receive .
But the food was great so it was definitely well worth it .
A few things about Alton :
The owners of the café are very friendly and very passionate about what they do .
It could be a scary location for non - Tucson natives , but do n't fret .
Anyway we were looking for a place to eat and found Chase on Yelp .
The quinoa was the best I 've ever had .
Our calamari was crispy but not golden brown and not delicious ...
Later discovered that they had made our briyanis to go so we had to wait long for it 's services .
My opinionated co - workers were also very pleased with their sandwiches , and especially liked the option of turkey sausage .
Only thing is the food does n't stand out from the rest of the Italian places in the area .
A friend we were with who lived here for a while said their fried chicken is among the best in the city .
In short , the food was decently good , but completely overpriced .
great prices and fast delivery thank you guys ! !
The portion size vs the price was reasonable .
The best part about this place is the service .
The food was so great and the drinks were even better .
Mr B 's BBQ shrimp is of my favorite things to eat in NOLA .
Menu has a huge variety of different Mexican food from tacos , tortas , sopes and burros .
I honestly ca n't say enough about how good this sandwich was .
The chicken strips are huge .
Finally an employee in management looked at me and I explained what happened and said you can not serve that .
TLDR ; the food was excellent as always , but the service was severely lacking on this trip .
Bummed the weather did n't turn out , but nonetheless , definitely worth the view .
I had only one visit so I ca n't speak for all but my salad was n't fresh either that day .
LOL , and yes , I was the recipient of the two overzealous customers . ) .
The dips came first , cauliflower and burnt eggplant aka babaganush : excellent !
Each steak was cooked spot on .
I gave exact change ; the prices were totally what ' mom and pop ' Mexican places charge .
She was grumpy and slow and had a poor attitude when asked about the food .
We got the spicy Italian & the tuna .
I really enjoyed the sweet potato fries with sriracha aioli - definitely the highlight of my visit .
Hospitality was good , no complaints there .
We definitely had to send my brother out to get cash when the bill came .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
I had been to the Carmine 's in NY ( which was FABULOUS ) so I figured I would try this spot out .
Wooden floors , dark decor , BIG comfy chairs makes it cozy and warm .
We always went during early bird- happy hour - to take advantage of the specials .
The sauce and meats did n't stand out as much , but there was nothing wrong with either of them .
The orange juice was also amazing , freshly squeezed .
Please try the shrimp and grits if you go , I promise you wo n't be disappointed !
The Cuban place on Moller and 38th is far superior .
Not poorly prepared but completely lacking any substance .
I also want to mention that they do n't really have anything for kids .
Love these s dogs ! !
I just ca n't understand the number of positive reviews on the place .
Also when I went , they had no sign so I blew by the place !
The meat it 's self I found was dry .
My Rellenos did not come with a side .
I even had Jodi touch the steak bites with her finger , and asked her if it was cold or hot .
The salad was packed in the box filled with yummy greens , red onions , tomato , mozzerella cheese pieces , and basil .
I said no , just catching the game .
I think her husband is the cook / chef and she pretty much does the rest no matter how busy it gets .
I ordered the shrimp & grits and it was delicious !
Fries were excellent too .
My favorite beer was the Coast buster imperial IPA and everyone around me was enjoying their beers as well .
The atmosphere is upscale , but not pretentious or haughty , and the dress is from business , to t - shirt - casual .
Everything was great , especially the stone soup company Cuban sandwich !
Wow , this was one of the best meals i 've eating in a long long time .
My salad was right however we were not provided utensils , which I had to go fetch myself .
The tea service at the table was elegant and the coffee robust .
We went there on a Wednesday night and it just so happened to be 2 - 4 - 1 on select bottles , spirits , and specialty drinks .
No problem for me as I had my eye on the potted pork appetizer , which was outstanding .
The roux was the perfect darkness , but it lacked body and substance .
Drinks are self serve and there is a complimentary add - on bar with things like hot sauce , pickles , peppers , etc .
This was my girlfriends go to spot before .
The only complaint and the only thing from keeping this a 5 - star review is the fact that they serve the burgers on cold buns .
We went there to celebrate a birthday on a Sunday afternoon .
I do n't recommend this place at all .
My oysters were fresh and tasty .
They even packed bread and butter for us .
The Lobster Bisque was in the sweet side but okay .
I think the prices here are average , but I never order steak so maybe that 's where things get pricey .
Had caramel ice cream in a " fancy cone " ; which was a peanut encrusted waffle cone .
I have to say that was one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life .
My wrap was amazing !
This place is horrendous at best .
( I know - for shame , right ? ) So , I finally get my first - hand look at this tapas joint that everyone is all excited about .
The staff at this location have always been friendly and we 've never had any problems .
The sausages , bacon , and brisket are made in - house ( and are delicious ) !
Food was just amazing .
The sauce was creamy which is the only thing I wished was alittle more mustard zesty instead but overall the Cuban was amazing .
Uni is shipped internationally from this city , you 'd think a local restaurant could manage to have some on hand .
We had to explain to the hostess how to split our group and offered to split into groups or 2 to speed it up .
Well it is a bit older .
But my friends were kind and still left a tip and did not make a ruckus .
I ordered the Amish chicken which was so tender and juicy even leftover .
I do n't think I would make a trip across town to come and drink here , but I would definitely stop by again before a show .
Our server was forgetful .
It 's oval , it 's piping hot , it 's served with luscious , tangy labneh , za'atar , olive oil , and pomegranate molasses .
Cute spot .
So we gave it a shot .
Would highly recommend the chicken satay , roti canai , mee goreng noodles , and beef rendang !
Now , in my experience , this is the true test of a decent Chinese place compared with bad one .
First of all , the ladies who work there are very pleasant and attentive .
Yep , it was so damn good I went back every day on my morning walk to the convention .
sautéed crab claws ( 5/5 ) and red beans and rice ( 4/5 ) ...
Well , our entire party enjoyed every part of the evening while at Red Mess !
The food & service was amazing !
Miso is very hard to do wrong and still hard to do really well .
Since we got our order to eat at home , we could n't fix it .
The food was good and while loud and crowded , we still had a great time !
Nice ambiance and great pizza !
Great wings and atmosphere ! !
This became my go - to spot for lunch while I was working in Kennett Square .
It 's a great value .
2 ) The tortilla does n't fall apart , come undone , or otherwise misbehave in any inappropriate matter .
Fried oysters and grits were our fave , paired with fried pickles for variety .
You wo n't regret giving this place a shot .
Himes and a right on Waters and pull into the area by Gold 's Gym .
So glad we opted for Burger Study instead of Hooters !
The indoor atmosphere was warm , with a Southwest style , but we chose to eat outdoors on a lovely Florida day in the 70s .
Five stars for the mascarpone polenta , the curry ketchup for the sweet potato fries , and the mango curry brie skillet .
I had the salmon stone pot , which was loaded with fresh vegetables , brown rice , and salmon cooked perfectly .
I had the veal saltimbocca and my wife had the eggplant parm .
Luke does the room service for the Hilton .
I went in at 9:15 am for breakfast , did n't get my food until 10 .
This is a nice , comfortable lounge in the Tuscany area of the Peppermill .
The french bread pizza I ordered was cooked in a smoker , which I thought was unique .
Ralph 's is an old time , red sauce kind of place : the kind of Sunday macaroni and gravy that I grew up on .
I love the review I 'm about to write ! !
Yes , this is a Whiskey Bar , but if you go in and just order booze you 're making a terrible mistake .
She changed it without complaint .
After reading the reviews we decided to try it out .
The atmosphere seemed really nice and the wait for a table much more manageable - only 10 minutes .
My fiance and I both had drinks , the mojito and caipirinha .
Cute place to eat at .
There were only 4 shrimp and they were more then well done and very small .
I especially liked the carved sausage and Eggs Benedict .
I was on a trip to Philadelphia when I had my very first Cannolis there and OMG I was n't disappointed !
Like , is it going to be overly salty / browned / overpowering that it destroys the flavor of which it is encrusting ?
I have been to various markets all around the world and Mazzaro 's falls in my top 3 .
It was worth the wait !
Expect to feel guilty after leaving this place ... if you are on a diet this is not the right place for you .
I drop in often for croissants , macaroons and other sweet treats at least once a week .
I would 've rated my experience a 5 .. but I felt like the hibachi chef could 've been better .
This says a lot about the establishment .
I thought that was kind of fun , a new way to express yourself at a breakfast joint .
I love the corn bread and the latkas .
The jerk fish was tasty but a little dry .
Great place for day drinking sunday funday .
The beef and broccoli was inedible .
I also got the Wise Guys fries .
I went to Las Cazuelas for the first time for my birthday .
My first impression of the menu was that it was a little on the pricey side for what is served .
The entrees were great .
Louis 's Italian neighborhood , there 's an emphasis on Italian foods - American Italian foods .
And I found the place fairly pricey as well .
The staff are all very friendly .
I would definitely recommend this place if your looking for a good burger ! ! ! ! !
But then I caught a sign that said " Avocado ( trust us ... ) " , and being the avocado lover that I am , asked for a sample .
My companions had the duck with vegetables over rice which looked very dry , and the vegetables had a burned oily flavor .
My food came out hot & fresh though , so I 'm happy about that !
Thank you for the great experience .
Went to their new location on a saturday afternoon .
I was so furious that he would even come back with such attitude .
The crust was cooked just right , and it was done in the correct type of oven .
We will definitely be back ... and we 'll bring friends .
We came for a late lunch , minutes before they were supposed to close at 3 pm .
The original waiter stopped by to ask about dessert , I said no thanks , but we would like the check .
Ate here when visiting the Clearwater area .
The fries are pretty good , too .
I walked in at 9:30 on a Tuesday and the owner told me they were closed .
Loved the decor and the fact they only show 80s movies on their TV .
the rest of our guests said the food was ok , but not worthy of coming back .
it 's the same Chinese restaurant in Chinatown .
The service was horrible until I said something to the manager .
Every year SOMETHING goes wrong and I get frustrated and pissed off and he always says " Let 's go to Jones " .
The tomato bisque was kinda bland , and the baguettes were not anything to write home about .
So I know for a fact they were not here before us .
Here 's a tip : do n't treat your customers like they are dumbsh!ts .
When you walk in you enter the line to order and there 's two huge menus on the wall .
We got there right at 5:00 as they were opening on New Years Eve and without reservations , we grabbed seats at the bar .
The pickle boards are also awesome !
it was a sweet night out for a couple of yankees .
Went for all you can eat sushi at zen and was blown away by the entire experience .
The chicken was also smoked .
The prices were as expected , and I paid $ 39 for filet , chicken , and lobster .
My husband had the carne asada tacos and enjoyed it .
Awesome experience from the second we stepped in , hostess greeted us with a smile and time to table waiting expectation .
We split fried pickles and thought that they were very tasty , with both good texture and flavor .
The portions were generous .
It came with a side of potatoes that were pretty tasty also .
I regret our appetizer of flauetas or whatever they are called .
Interesting because it 's noon and you do n't have my ready but you opened at 11 am ...
This item was actually one of the reasons I chose this place , and they met my expectations .
Even the plate of broccoli and cauliflower left a coating of oil on the bowl .
( same cell phone flashlight ... ) If they had brought me that steak , I would have eaten it gleefully !
Convivial is the perfect atmosphere , whether your occasion be a romantic dinner or casual gathering of friends .
The fries were Luke warm and the buffalo chicken wrap was spicer than expected .
Very interesting menu , great drink selection , loved the decor / ambience and our kiwi bartender was great .
Love this restaurant , and I think it 's the best chinese food in Reno .
I ve only had the vermicelli bowl so far but i overheard the couple next to me really enjoying their phó .
Loved the location , was super cute and quiet .
This location had a fantastic cover band playing Saturday night ( IPD - check them out , they were really amazing ) .
Not being terribly anxious to wait another 20 minutes for the rest of the oysters , we did not say anything about it .
The atmosphere is low key and a bit weird at time but the food is really good ...
So I guess it 's a hit or miss depending on what you order .
The decor is fun , it 's right by the college , and the food and drinks are on point !
The rest goes to Sysco , where everyone orders their ingredients from .
We went in for happy hour and got the two for one pizza deals and they were amazing and our waitress was so nice !
Here is the massive problem with this joint - they really do n't want to make money or sell you pizza .
I liked my side salad too !
Hubby and I ate here before years ago and was really impressed by the large portions and good food .
Did n't try the fried chicken , but wish I had since it looked golden crispy and smelled delicious .
The reason for the 4 stars is because , when they served the appetizers they did not give us plates or serving spoons .
They do have ceiling fans , but we all know those are n't necessarily helpful in the monsoon season .
The cashier and another lady that helped me were both very nice to deal with .
Welcome to Brick House Tavern ( Man Cave ) The food as well as the service is really good .
We ordered four different entrees .
The octopus was tender with a great char , and the snapper was very flavorful .
I got the shrimp and mahi mahi tacos ( grilled ) and they were great .
I do n't know how long the deal is gon na last , but franklin 's has the best happy hour deals on this side of the Schuylkill !
Not a single complaint , just a fun dinner out !
I normally get a # 10 or # 50 .
Very greasy .
I had the cru burger , which was honestly one of the best burgers I 've ever had .
The sour cream and guacamole were fresh , but the entrees were just average at best .
We made a reservation thinking it would be busier with all that was going on DT Nashville that weekend .
Our section had our food placed in beautiful silver warmers that closed .
The deviled egg appetizer was amazing and the coffee encrusted filet was indescribable .
I ordered a chicken Caesar salad for dinner while my friend ordered the fried tenderloin .
but it was tastier in print then actuality .
Most of the seating is at the counter , which is casual and laid back .
The only thing I did n't care for was the garlic mash ..
It was a little expensive but in my opinion worth it for the high quality !
My family was visiting the area on vacation and got tip from a local to try out the boardwalk .
My kids ordered a couple mini size cakes with a mini glass of milk .
Unfortunately , the hubby is n't into jambalaya , so we do n't order it often .
I wish them the best but they just do n't have any reason to get us back ...
We ordered the bacon fat French fries as an appetizer .
By the time we left , around 7:00 pm , another 20 customers had piled in and were seated .
We got the martini seasonal pizza and it was great !
I had a steak burrito and thought it was a bit pricy for its size and quality .
Here 's a sorta break down of the dishes we enjoyed .
( of course , no bread either since i 'm gluten free . ) the burger was great - perfectly cooked and seasoned ...
My friends and I came here for dinner .
However , there is a lot of valet parking around so that might be an issue , which is the only con .
The waitstaff was okay for the most part .
It is equally perplexing that I am standing on probably over 200 sq of tiled floor waiting for a seat .
I 'm afraid that this place wo n't last long if management does n't get their act together .
We were rushed through our meal and were out of there in under an hour .
I had the chicken parm sandwich and my wife had some sort of pasta which was n't bad .
And let 's not forget the aforementioned bottled water debacle .
Only down side is when I went I found it VERY CROWDED .
Will help you make decisions on ordering and certainly wo n't take advantage of you .
So I called and placed an order over the phone with pizza huts apparent call center .
Everyone in my 6 person party liked their food .
It is the perfect place for anyone who loves pink ! ! ! !
The pad thai , though , was pretty good .
On the pizza alone this place gets 5 stars !
BBQ ribs were fall off the bone amazing , as was the potato salad .
I live around the corner so I 've been there about 3 times , no complaints during any visit .
The person who waited on me left my receipt with credit card info .
Bathroom - one word : Dirty !
On a side note , I was disappointed they do not have Pad See Ew .
They referred us to your establishment for a pastry before we left town .
Do n't no and ca n't answer that only they no how clean they keep their kitchen ......
Now we are sitting here still waiting for the replacement to come and all are finished with our meals .
It 's quick , easy , and a healthy choice compared to other drive thru places .
Place about 1/3 full and of course the table we 'd requested was filled .
Despite being near a whole bunch of bar / club scenes , once you 're inside it 's easy to take a break and have a nice conversation .
The bowl reminded me of a more authentic version of Chipotle , and I loved that chips and salsa wEre included .
Oh yeah , lost in my reminiscing I almost forgot about the wonderful service !
Chicken is SO spicy , and it 's pulled right off the bone .
We wish it was closer to our house because we would go a lot more often !
If you are on bourbon street this is a good choice for some place to stop and eat .
I have nothing special to tell you about my meal , or my friends ' meals which I tasted .
One just sat next to me and lite up a cancer stick and the smoke just blew in my face .
All other places were happy to give the standard discount .
I got the steak quesadilla , which was fine but nothing spectacular .
This place is so lovely .
I really wanted the spaghetti with it , but they ran out before we picked it up , so it came with Lasagna .
Garlic knots were delicious and huge !
The restaurant itself was rather dark and somewhat run - down , needing a good bit of spit and polish .
The gal who waited on me was not friendly at all .
Keeping a conversation was difficult as this was the sort of meal one savours in silence .
Heck this is more fake mexican anyway .
Ca n't wait to go back again and try something with meat .
I only had to wait 5 to 10 minutes to receive my bowl , which I think is reasonable .
Today , however , it was a little more disappointing .
First Time here and the wait was substantial we were there on a Sunday morning so it was actually expected .
It came with sour cream and salsa on the side .
So not only did I find out the unfortunate news that my very regular local gay bar had been taken from me ...
I like it either way .
We have been avid Peter Piper - goers for years and have had several bday parties there .
My roommate had the fried oyster and bacon benedict , which he felt was heaven .
The steak was weird and rubbery , but the salmon was decent .
I literally complained about the service and this delivery driver thought that I gave him a $ 13 tip , did n't even say anything .
First Vic 's goes down hill ( post sale ) and now Jay 's is sliding ? ? ?
They are very nice people working there though .
My kids get a tad embarassed when dad is a hard ass ( never rude mind you ) , so we decided to stay .
I ordered red beans and rice with sausage and it was really well done .
I was n't quite sure what I wanted , and my waiter offered up options to meet my wants .
I did not care for the raw onions , but have to admit the taste was a nice contrast to the other dishes .
There was probably a ten to fifteen - minute interval for each of our items coming out .
Drinks , food , server and ambiance were very nice .
Finally , the sweet potato fries were delicious but not overwhelming .
I do n't think it 's on the menu you have to order it .
The menu options seemed ordinary but the taste & freshness were mind blowing .
I have eaten pizza in Seattle , San Francisco , Dallas , Chicago ..
The ambiance is on point , and the service is friendly and welcoming .
Potatoes that came with my eggs and bacon , and my wife 's eggs and sausage we 're OVERsalted to the point of being inedible .
The celery that came with the Wings were crisp and cool .
This is an awesome place .
I ca n't say its the best Korean in town , because , like that other reviewer said , each one does something better .
It 's really a run of the middle as far as Cuban food goes .
Their sandwiches are fantastic , especially Marti 's chicken salad , and come on fresh baked bread .
The quesadillas were just alright and the cheeseburger grilled cheese was decent .
Good , in fact .
Decided to go the other day for a pretty important game to decide the teams who would play the World Series .
I did n't know what to expect in terms of pasta portions here , so I went with the Chicken Marsala .
I absolutely love the coconut Thai soup .
I was glad for the music and the liveliness , I was glad for an event happening in the middle of a boring week .
Staff and management very courteous and friendly .
The best thing about this place is the music .
It is a super cute little restaurant .
I went with another couple and none of our food was very good .
All the sides are good , the tea is good ... I love it here .
Awesome place for a quick bite ....
Fried chicken was crispy and juicy .
I ordered the mini - waffle plate ...
Everyone was happy with their sandwiches and the staff was very friendly .
So , she ate 2 bites and came home hungry .
I really did enjoy it , but it could n't earn top marks .
I got the spicy tuna bento box .
My favorite of the two was the Crispy HipCity Ranch , by a long shot !
The vegan poke bowl was unique , the vegan tuna in it could 've tricked me if I had n't known beforehand !
The lunch food is pretty good too .
Yes , it 's nice they give you a Lemoncello shot after dinner , and the service was friendly , even though they were crowded .
The food is just ok .
They do n't know how to cook their rice ! ! !
Edit : I came here for brunch recently !
The owners are the nicest family .
Other people walked out and so did we when our waitress told us after half an hour our food had n't been cooked .
Best brat plate ever .
So all you peoples better stay away .
The donuts change everyday and they 're always original and certainly strange !
Everything was tasty and nicely presented and our server was excellent .
Let 's just say we had dinner and then ordered take out for the next day !
At this point I 'm pretty frustrated .
There seemed to be some rice grains and whatever wonderful spices hail from the Creole people ...
3 ribs which were no more than 2 1/2 inches in length .
Food is delicious but our food took forever we waited almost 30 mins before even getting water .
Very polite , and easy smiles .
Which was a Greek salad made out of zucchini " noodles " .
To be fair , they are a Chicago - style joint and it was n't a Chicago - style pizza , so it might not have been their best .
Only issue is they discontinued the shrimp and they were delicious ! ! !
Long lines on the weekends , but luckily we were seated right away on a Tuesday morning .
We could n't have asked for better service !
The smell of freshly baked breads will slam into your face like a pie throwing contest , and it 's a wonderful feeling .
I 'm very happy with the food , and most of all the service .
Its kinda busy here but you know that when they have a line out the door the foods got ta be good .
Nice little coffee and pastry shop .
There was four of us and a 2 year old .
$ 8.47 for one pita delivered .
Our server had zero product knowledge .
And girl , my Amex will go where I 'm accepted and celebrated ... OK ? !
Candle at the table .
Great drinks , food and service ! !
Very personable staff ! ! !
Hubby and I really like beer , but not all beer ( we 're not easy ) , so we were looking forward to trying this place .
When the bartender finally greets me she does n't apologize for ignoring me or my wait , only " what can I get you love ? "
Among my favorite shaved ice are the hula and the koko loco .
me and my fiance spent most of the time trying to explain what a hipster is to my mom .
The ambiance is n't awesome , but the service is attentive , and the food is great .
but the beignets were great .
It was stated that the Pastrami was smoked , but there was not a noticeable smoke flavor on the meat .
While visiting carpenteria , we decided to eat at Tony 's .
Last time I ordered the Pho - my goodness , the bowl is so huge and served with two sauces - hoisin and siracha .
I ordered The Liquid Gold Juice a great mixture of Pineapple , Mango , Orange and Ginger .... Mmmmm ! !
I thought she was a man hater , but I have heard other women complain also .
The P&J oysters are a must , especially with that damn delicious crust .
One of my favorite places ever .
We also had the chargrilled Oysters and white chocolate bread pudding .
The lamb biryani and fried fish masala were both exceptional .
Overall an okay experience - much better places to visit in NOLA .
My wife had a grilled chicken sandwich and she raved about it .
I never heard back from him - not even a note .
Every time I go , I always have a hard time deciding what to order .
My wild mushrooms must 've gone loco because they were nowhere on my plate .
Came back at the end of our meal to ask if we needed anything .
the cook is 5 feet from you and talks to you herself ! ) , because the mushrooms and spinach are AMAZINGLY TASTY .
I loved the quiet atmosphere ; we went on a Monday at 5 .
Our waitress refilled our drinks promptly and removed plates often .
The General Tso 's chicken and rice were pretty good and my favorite of the three places I have tried .
The wings were a bit overcooked , but I still liked the flavor of the sauce .
The food here is fresh , locally sourced when possible , and reasonably priced .
This is the best pizza in Indianapolis .
The margarita was the only good thing and the 80 's music .
We found a long hair ( not mine ) in our daughters food .
Very bland taste , most of it went to the bin .
Enjoyed the nice music on the well - put - together patio , too .
The environment was relaxing and I thought their choices were great !
However , the culinary execution failed somehow , or at least it fell strangely flat .
The manager then proceeded to throw her hands in our faces , yell , say she could n't help us and continue with dirty looks .
We started with fried green tomatoes and they were amazing ! !
The wings were crispy , and the poppers were good too .
Overall the establishment was clean , organized , friendly , and well run .
The vibe was relaxed .
I loooove the ham and cheese croissant .
Either way girls , it 's rude .
I have not been disappointed by anything I have ever gotten here , except the seafood platter , which was over cooked .
The plate I ordered was suppose to have avocado and I finally did find " some " a tiny sliver on the side .
This is a groovy spot to get your deep dish fix if you 're feeling like a throwdown .
Views were amazing and our waiter was amazing .
We probably would have considered to go back if it were n't for the service .
We got the shrimp and grits -amazing ! !
If you are a sushi person avoid ordering any of the filler salads etc .
The flavors were so unique and balanced and went so well together !
The entire family went out here for a dinner night out , and now wish we would have picked another place .
I tried a couple of Yats ' other dishes , but I just ca n't get that creamy , cheesy ettouffe off my mind .
A cup appeared a few moments later , and was kept full throughout my visit .
Walking to our table , we pass the salad bar ; which did not look appetizing .
Pretty darn quick , considering they 're " assembled " .
Fresh bread and bruschetta was brought first .
Potatoes were also well cooked but we were so starched out by that point .
The staff is very pleasant and friendly too !
You get fresh fruit and baklava ( one piece each ) .
It 's actually Asian fusion , as they have a mega - extensive menu of Chinese and Japanese staples .
He comes back apologizing to me and AGAIN paying no attention showing sympathy to our friend .
And we did not wait a lot for the food to arrive .
So we are standing there at the hostess stand cold and wet waiting to be seated .
UPDATE BELOW : My wife and I went in on a nice Saturday for a late lunch .
Served on garlic Texas toast as a big woody sandwich .
The bacon cheeseburger was also very good .
It 's a good lively night out , with wonderful full flavored food and attentive , friendly service .
Have n't been back for quite awhile ( they had a kitchen fire late in 2015 ) but the return visit was as good as the last .
Breakfast was vile , everything tasted like grease !
Drive from Fort Campbell , Ky to this place every other weekend .
Big crowd but very well managed .
If you want real Cantonese - style Chinese food , this IS the place to go in St.
One of our guests received her food 20 minutes before the rest of us and she did not want to eat without us .
-The city bus does n't come very often and does n't run late .
When it came out only half was there ... waited more for my pancakes asked for more ice tea .... waited no ice teabut ...
My companion got two other tacos and they were good as well .
I guess proscuitto is always a bit salty , though .
( not rude ) , slow , and I find it hard to remember a time when they have gone out of their way .
Now your adventure begins , stroll out to the back of the property and you 're greeted with an awesome ocean view .
We ended up only ordering guacamole and chips and ate dinner elsewhere .
When it did come out , the jambalaya was cold and the crawfish etoffee was lukewarm and the gumbo had no meat in it .
The food was just ok along with the service .
Just went to In Riva for the first time .
I had the Chicken Marsala recommended by our waiter .
So charged another person the appetizer in an attempt to hide the fact .
I am not a huge fan of Hot and Sour soup but my boyfriend is and he is very picky about it , but he loved it here !
I would have preferred they that they did n't attempt it if it was going to be such a poor copy .
The staff and employees are the most detailed and positive people you will visit while in N'Orleans .
Staff would check up on us periodically to see if we needed anything and how the food was .
The food was phenomenal .
Had the sushi .. gag me .
It was so good they ran out about half way through the festival .
We looked at the menu and while there was nt any kid centric dishes , he assured me that they could accomodate a special order .
This was the starting off point for the crawl and we thought we should grab some grub before all the drinking .
Small venue but very nice .
My favorite birthday meal of all time !
Also , the imports are a bit pricey ( mean a piece of chocolate is like $ 3 .
But by the way , Richard works here now - he used to work at Gilmore 's and is the best waiter in town !
We split a tempura roll and 2 entrees , sashimi and sushi I think .
Well I was just as pleased at the reading terminal location .
Do n't bother with this place .
I ordered the house salad with ginger dressing , which arrived very quickly .
While on vacation during Mardi Gras my friends and I ate here twice ! !
But at least we worked up an appetite , right ?
My husband said it was built for speed , lol .
The spring rolls were average but the Pad Thai was disappointing .
Lots of good choices in the grab and go section , and our salami and pesto sammy was also great .
We 've been here half a dozen times and gotten different sandwiches each time and they 've all been amazing .
Okay , so I really love the gelato here , but honestly , the prices are pretty steep .
On to the main event ... SUSHI !
This is a hole in the wall and not a place that you come to sit and enjoy your meal .
LOVE the building itself and all the fab art on the walls .
I 'm not a huge fan of Stromboli , but it was easily the best I 've ever had , and it was only $ 7.50 .
I had heard Red Mesa was very good , so we made a 30 + mile trip to visit .
Tried some of the caramelized banana french toast too and it was amazing !
Not a place I would frequent , but they are good enough that I can at least vouch for them
The downsides are the food 's not great .
The only thing that could of been better was the seasoning on the pasta and there could of been more meat in the gumbo .
Honestly , did n't live up to the hype .
The creme brulee is also very good .
I also ordered a couple of sliders , Cali fries and their croque madam sandwich .
I got the southern breakfast , my friends got the chicken biscuit and shrimp and grits .
It would 've been the best meal I ever had at Denny 's .
I felt like it did n't really capture the essence of what it purported to be .
So , overall ; yes , it is worth the wait .
We came here on our bus tour stop on magazine street .
Adults had the chicken sandwich , pork sandwich and Papousa and everyone walked out full and happy ! !
Except the mushroom with stuffing , others were ok .
Today it was really good .
There was one man ahead of me .
Whenever we ca n't decide where to go ... we go to Hollywood grill .
Half a slice cooled my palette & tasted divine .
Menu was steak centric for sure so I went with the Ribeye .
Best pho in Santa Barbara County .
There are a couple Latin places near by that serve way better food for around the same price .
For dessert we got the cheesecake which was very unique and not like anything else I have ever seen before .
It seems that the tail - end of the lunch hour gets greeted with a bit of a mess on the floors beneath the booths .
It was not made fresh that day .
Love the ambiance and the food was delicious !
The food was great , ( definitely authentic ) and the service was good .
Always a good choice for a impromptu night out as well as date night .
Visited last night for dinner .
I will say the garlic bread they bring out before the meal was AH - MAZING !
While it tastes good , it was just potatoes and the spicy sausage gravy was mostly a sauce .
They always have wonderful Italian food ( and are very accommodating ) .
Thank you have a great day ? "
We were quoted an hour wait , but were able to grab a high top in the bar area with no wait ( they are full service ) .
Conveniently located and open all night .
There are about four veggie dishes ... the methi potato Korma was amazing .
I went to Li'l Dizzy 's for the fried chicken and it did n't disappoint - it was crispy , tasty and not too greasy .
So light and airy .
Been to this location twice and will never go back again ! ! ! !
It is under new ownership and now called Taqueria Burrito 's Grill .
We came in at 3 pm on a Saturday when the kitchen was about to close .
Very tender , and an excellent choice to try ...
I guess there 's an any - age policy at the whole chain , it 's just not what I was expecting .
( and you know i was hot when i saw on Facebook the next day they had a sale ) but that is what i love about them ...
This place rocks .
The childhood memories are incredible .
I had the Vegan grits with a biscuit on the side .
Maybe another 10 minutes after we had gotten our food we were finally provided with more water and out sauces .
I 'm Arab so I know my fair share of felafel .
Not once did anyone offer me a glass ( or bottle ) of water , or any other beverage .
I like the gumbo here it is delicious and not watered down like most of the other restaurants in this city .
I had the oxtail ravioli and it was amazing as well .
The ambiance is nice , nothing crazy but it is just a very nice option with reasonable prices and lovely food !
First of all , the service at the deli was much improved since our last visit !
We would come back again because of how well she handled the situation .
I got an iced coffee ( STFU ) and it was super bitter .
This is where things start to fall apart .
First and foremost - the service was fantastic .
I do n't think I could say enough good things about Lüke .
I think the food was a little too fancy for its own good .
Misha genuinely cares about her customers and takes the time to get to know them ( by name ) .
We went with the flight - 4 ounces of each of their 12 tap beers for just $ 10.50 .
They said it would be over an hour before they could go get it .
Taste was not good , I only ate one .
The crust was a thick style edge but the main portion of the pizza was thin underneath and crispy .
The brunch menu looked so good that it was hard to decide !
Aji de Gallina , chicken in a cream sauce with Peruvian yellow spice is a good choice also .
For the January 2014 RW , the GF and I stopped by along with one of our friends .
The acai bowls are a little more on the pricier side~ $ 9 but it is a filling meal .
I guess the food actually made me forget the wine ( for half a second ) !
Unfortunately , the dude that helped me was unpolite .
I felt bad for the bartender because he was working hard and needed more help .
it did n't blow your mind , but it also was n't too " fishy " which can happen with clam chowder .
It had crispy skin , but was the meat was extremely moist and the corn bread stuffing was superb .
This location also had really friendly service .
I 've tried virtually ever pizza place in this city , and I can tell you AJ 's is in the top 3 places .
Between $ 3 - 4 / slice is very pricey though !
Their level of spiciness errs on the side of caution , which is a smart business practice .
I did enjoy myself and the service was again , average .
I just ate it and can already tell that my stomach is going to receive the repercussions for it haha .
I ordered the traditional rose drink which I actually would n't recommend- it was really , really sweet .
It 's a small place , so any table you get is a good one .
His potatoes were pretty good .
She immediately said she 'd take them off our check !
They do the meze / chef 's tasting ( no other options ) .
And did I mention the great customer service !
I had actually never been to a MB prior to this experience , but I 'll keep it short and sweet .
People - it is a sushi place - it is n't McDonalds- so it will be a bit slower .
The price came out to about $ 25 for everything , which was n't bad considering getting 6 plates .
During the time we spent in this restaurant , there was not one other customer coming or going .
The curtains do not block out the sun as they do n't close all the way .
We ordered a batch of steamed mussels , the deep fried oysters and the seafood platter .
What a great place for sushi .
The only downside is that there 's always a wait .
We had a reservation .
Basically , you 're getting ripped off at this place , but not too extreme .
I 'm still on board ( slightly ) .
Maybe we just came on an off night , but I really ca n't picture myself coming back here .
That 's a spirit worthy of admiration .
It 's a great place to take the kids .
The flavors were amazing together and the mango was almost as pure as mango pulp itself !
The charcuterie board and Brussel sprouts were amAzing .
This place also has dine in eating and people around seem to enjoy their meal as well .
And a lot cheaper than the downtown hotels .
I wish the potatoes had been crispier , but we ate until we were stuffed anyways .
The curried hummus = a dream come true .
Easy walk from French Quarter and surrounding areas .
I do n't like cold soups .
The truffle tots were a bit oily , but all is forgiven when that oil exudes truffle deliciousness .
We should have been suspicious when they offered neither a baked potato nor mashed potatoes .
Our waitress , by the way , was fantastic !
This is not how Chinese food should taste like !
This visit was equally enjoyable .
I do nt think you can go wrong with any of the dishes here , not many chicken dishes , but that s my only complaint !
The gumbo ... not my favorite .
The food was great and the wait staff were wonderful .
I had lunch here a few days back and was surprised it was n't as busy as I thought it would be .
Kind of indescribable , actually , which is a little funny for a fast food burger .
- The dinner was n't exactly a quick .
I 'll drive the extra miles to shop at the Publix on Alderman and Alt .
When you dine at Muriel 's , check to see if the 2nd level is open for visitors .
I love the atmosphere at the Packer Ave location - it 's so big there is usually room to grab food/ watch a game .
This was the first time I had taken my family here and will probably be the last time with the family .
You could tell the ingredients were fresh and as we ate the place continued to fill up .
Ok , that 's how I wanted to start this review , but the next part will blow your mind .....
Like its my problem that the appetizer and food took so long .
next time be a little more careful , it all tasted great though .
The churros came out warm and served with a caramel sauce which was delicious .
The service was even worse .
Salsa and chips were also very good .
I had french toast , home fries , sausage and for dessert a slice of Jewish apple cake and it was to die for !
What a cool place to hang out and enjoy a delicious lunch .
Last time I went I had the cinnamon roll and now it 's going to be hard to get anything else !
They really were n't necessary in my opinion either as I do n't think they add much to the dish .
Service was perfect-- knowledgeable , respectful , and fun .
The service was excellent too .
My coworkers and I often go out to lunch and the one place we have n't been disappointed by is Saladworks !
The options were almost completely fatty and dry prime rib , fried fish that tasted like paper , and bland penne noodles .
I can only say amazing things about this place !
Biscuit did nt have much flavor to it .
We went last night to celebrate my 69th Birthday .
Thai tea was delish , place was clean , everyone was very friendly ..
My coffee cup still had lipstick stains on it , which I could still wipe off ! !
Our waitress Nicki was awesome .
To top it off , the fans blew my fork on to my lap .
your paying for the name of the RESTAURANT & the LOCATION .
As for the salads , they 're a good size , but seems like something you can toss together yourself .
Our server Jordan was extremely knowledgable and offered great recommendations .
It 's a definite step up from what I 'm used to .
For our entrees , she went with the Salmon while I had the Filet and Shortrib Duo .
We both agreed that the cauliflower was n't the best we had ever tasted , but the carrots and the potatoes were excellent sides .
Yes it 's a bit pricey .
One note , I noticed worry on other diners faces when they spotted a child across the room .
When I read some of the reviews on here , I feel like I must have gone to a different restaurant than everybody else .
Almost ruined our New Orleans trip .
Fries are very nice too and their 95c cone is perf .
This was my 3rd and last time(not charmed ) .
Good job Le Peep :)
It 's not really my scene but there you go .
The chocolate cake was dense ... a huge portion that was good for sharing .
The only thing that made it worthwhile was when the hostess removed the atrocity that was my dinner and asked " they nasty ? "
Wait staff were very attentive but not overbearing .
I especially liked the shrimp and goat cheese crepes - outrageously good .
I enjoyed my stay here , despite the horrifically slow elevators .
I 've never been here at night , but around lunch on a weekend it 's not crowded at all .
This place is so mellow and has the tastiest food + a beautiful outdoor seating area with views of the beach !
The cheese steak was quite good , tender tasty slices of steak and a warm cheesy sauce on a delicious roll .
Cutest little cafe .
I ordered the filet mignon and boyfriend had the prime rib .
My wife 's family is from Louisiana and Mississippi , and have a long history of cooking cajun cuisine .
The place was cool quiet and the crowd was friendly .
Its hard for us to visit all the time but when ever were up that way we would like to try and stop again .
Overall , food was ok ... not memorable , I 'll forget it when I leave .
This is the most delicious cake that my wife and I have ever eaten .
The shrimp are bacon - wrapped , and the grits are true Southern grits .
A waitress brought the appetizers and when we were almost done , yet another waitress brought us bread with dipping sauce .
The food looked like it can actually be good , but it was n't great .
It has been a great time and time again .
It 's awesome that they have Mexican coke , though it 's a shame it 's $ 3 a bottle .
We both had the NY strip and were both very pleased .
They even have calestravano olives ( the bright green juicy / sweet / salty ones ) .
Even the Ethiopian spiced tea was wonderful .
The bread was not fresh .
There are much better options in that town or accross the river .
My fiancée had a seafood plate which was equally as great .
Only problem is that they tend to be a bit slow when it is busy at times .
Unfortunately , I live in LA , and while you 'd assume there 's great vegan food here , you 'd be wrong .
I think 312 refers to the number of minutes you 'll wait before getting your food .
I had a groupon certificate so it was a good dinner I would come back if someone was treating .
We could n't see where the Louisiana rabbit & chicken livers were , but on the other plate was a jar full of questionable jam .
We then find ourselves 10 minutes later waiting and waiting for a server to acknowledge us .
1/4 of my pizza had everything , 1/2 had just basil leaves and sauce , 1/4 had cheese and sauce .
I had the strawberries and once again , that s all it was .
I had a fresh - squeezed orange juice which was incredible .
Sitting right on the edge of City Park , the weeping willow views offered some of my favorite while visiting the city .
Since I ordered to go I received my food in a simple styrofoam clam shell container .
I feel bad writing this review because our waiter was really nice .
My issue is , lately every time we come here they try to price gouge us .
The burger , which comes with an artfully restrained dollop of homemade thousand island dressing , was unbelievable .
( Italians in the restaurant business- so not easily impressed )
We have been going to Liborios for over 15 years .
I have never set foot in this location .
By " we " I am , of course , employing the use of the royal " we . "
I was going to just do the drive through but she convinced me to eat in ...
Great spot !
And at only $ 5 , I 'm not sure how they even covered their R&D costs ( which must have been formidable ) .
The atmosphere was nice enough .
On NYE my husband and I enjoyed dinner here .
Then for our lunch we split the Spicy Bianca pizza and was definitely enough for both of us .
* They have bottled drinks ... Mexican Coka(e ) , Fanta , Jarritos ... Opener on the wall ! ! !
The horchata was not good tasted that it was made out of powdered horchata
Staff was super friendly , and the store was very clean and bright .
He ordered a side of the twice baked potato and I the sweet potato casserole , most of which wound up coming home with me .
Overall we had an enjoyable evening and will definitely return !
I know you guys wanted to vacation but you do n't have to burn it down .
I guess I just do n't really care for putting raw food in my mouth and I can be damn sure I do n't like seaweed anything !
The food here is nothing special .
Star Wars New Hope with symphony was awesome . Watching the movie and the Orchestra at the same time was so cool .
A number of combination plates are available Monday through Friday from 11 a.m.
For a special occasion this just ca n't be beat .
Sweetheart 's salmon salad had a lot of yummy ingredients , but the salmon was a bit dry .
I ordered the lamb shank with red wine and tomato sauce along with the spicy feta cheese .
Our family of 5 arrived at 7 pm on a Friday night .
It 's always a joy to pop by when I 'm in Carpinteria !
As for the service , the people who work there are just lovely .
Trust the reviews .
Far , far better than Couch Tomato ( no surprise there since this is a Mediterranean joint ) .
My husband got the Duck and Duck and he thought it was great .
It 's rare that I have to box up a meal but I had to , I would 've died trying to put it all away that night .
Great service and friendly smiles !
Who came by our table and she was rude too !
The food is just perfect .
The ambience of the restaurant is very nice .
It was crowded and a small place but they had AMAZING burgers !
We were starving after an evening of travel , and many area kitchens were closed .
Must try serios pescatore , scallops scampi .
I told her it was incorrect and I have eaten this many times .
I ordered fish and chips , and got peas and macaroni and cheese on the side .
I showed up here at around 1 am on Saturday for a friend 's birthday , and had a damn good time .
Did n't know grocery stores could treat people so nice .
I was disappointed with the pizza .
The menu is easy to read and if you have any questions , the employees are very helpful in answering them .
Our bartenders , Corey & Erica were friendly , fun , & attentive .
My friend and I who were in line and literally were rudely and dismissively cut in front of by about 10 different teens .
When I was able to finally eat my salad , they forgot to put a side of salad dressing , needless to say my salad was awful !
My wife ordered the regular , my son got chipotle and I requested the Nashville hot .
This is the best location EVER .
Particularly disappointing was the tartness of the fruit in the compote .
something else wtih gin ... not memorable , obvi ) , followed by a couple glasses of wine .
I can not recall the name of the dessert our friends got , but we tried it and it was good as well !
Bad oranges and peaches in Florida ? ? ?
I normally love corn bread but I could n't even make myself finish this small piece .
This may be my new favorite pizza place in Tucson .
Having said that , I love the place !
We imagine many of the cooked items we ordered we pre - made as well .
The crab Rangoon was a little overcooked but nothing to be real upset about .
A lot of the produce is bruised and slightly wilted .
I ordered a lunch special and I 'll just put the picture to suffice how I felt as well .
Banana pancakes and boudin omelet we 're really good .
To make it more insulting .... the burgers are HUGE and the sides are tiny .
My issue with this was that it tasted like Pine Sol .
I only marked it down one because of the sweet tea I got ..
Its the first time I 've had it with the shell on .
So hot , the cheese had broken .
Yelped it and Sabrina 's was # 1 on the list .
Waiter was friendly and efficient .
I can totally tell he is a foodie !
This was a great choice .
I was disappointed in the beer list .
The only problem I have with Three Muses is tt 's a pretty small place .
The waitress is being so lovely about it , very apologetic etc , brought us a free appetizer , but still .
It 's always busy , and sometimes there might be a wait , but it 's worth it !
This is a pretty average place and nothing to write home about .
From my point of view , it looked like heaven for the beer - and - sports people .
I ordered online at 6:20 , site said it would be ready at 6:40 .
Rustic wood and metal made the dining room feel warm and contemporary .
And if you get a window seat you can get the view of the marina and a beautiful , sunny day typical of Florida :-)
All I can say is wow ... I expected a lot more from this place .
The service and food were good .
They were hard to photograph in a dimly light bar , so trust us when we say they tasted better then they photographed .
The coffee was n't the best I had ever had , but it was very caffeinated and I do love that .
We 've been going to this place since it opened and it 's always decent , not to mention super fast !
We ate at the bar and enjoyed apps and a shared entree .
i showed up here with 5 kids and 5 adults and the staff was so friendly , accommodating and super patient !
4 stars for carved turkey and smoked sausage , 5 for genuine staff and Diet Mountain Dew ! !
Our server was trying really hard ; a friendly guy , he was very enthusiastic .
So we were not to jolly to start out , but a host did seat us and he was friendly and good to us .
The fries came fresh out the freezer I 'm sure .
However , the food was bland , americanized and simply not great .
Got the dumplings ( which the filling changes depending on the day ) , the Black Garlic wings ( which are AMAZING ) .
He was a great server as well .
but i 'll stop here so i do n't sound like a complete jerk .
Why people flock to the Olive Garden over this place is beyond me ....
We started with the bread board and it was delicious .
The biscuit was soft and yummy , but no meal is good when you have to wait as along as we did .
The service was ok , not the best but not the worst .
The AC does n't work well and ca n't cool the place .
Come here if you want to try Imo 's version of pizza , which I happen to be a fan of .
Louis anymore since this is one of the places that I miss .
The selection of calzones are very impressive .
The housekeeping staff never cleaned the room so the wedding night was an unmade bed with no clean towels .
On a recent trip we stopped off at Santa Barbara Shellfish Company for lunch .
5 star and triple monkey !
Our party of four was seated immediately at a table / grill where three others had already been seated .
I would say the only negative is how small their menu is .
The burgers are the safest bet , but you may as well not bother ordering it to taste , because it 's never right .
The Lettuce tasted Like juicy coleslaw ! !
It was a little bit ridiculous and not at all worth it .
The red beans and rice was good .
They were short handed and the hostess made me aware of this fact when I sat down .
I also had a Southern Fried and a Fish Taco - both great .
I ask more green paper but they told me they do n't have any .
Def coming here every time I visit my cousins .
She was not unhappy and enjoyed her meal .
The appetizers were great , the bloody Mary 's good and the service was fantastic .
Duck fat fries were amazing !
Being in the military , I 've lived in 6 different states , including California .
I always sit in the back booths when I go and my husband usually places the order and gets the food .
I thought the carrots could have been a tad more tender and the zucchini soup a little more exciting .
They were n't one big group either .
It 's such a cool atmosphere and it provides the perfect get away .
We wanted a nice quiet lunch to ourselves since it was a day without kids for us .
My friend ordered a salad which looked like nothing special either .
The service was very good and fast .
We were late to the wedding because of the staffs inadequacies .
My boyfriend and I are on vacation in Arizona and needed a place to eat .
Nice people too - I asked for a to - go box for the rest of my hoagie and they wrapped it up for me and put it in a bag .
So , now I am torn as to what to get next visit , but it 's a good problem to have .
Such great customer service ! !
The fries were really good though .
Usually , places with great views & ambiance have sucky food- this is NOT the case here .
The place was clean , the service was attentive and fast .
The enchilada thing was also delicious .
Everything was so flavorful and the prices were EXTREMELY reasonable for the serving sizes and quality of the dishes .
If it had n't been a night when I was super - tired , I would have taken it back & complained .
My birthday cake was a nice cherry on top that I split with the rest of the group .
We had about 40 attendees .
Loved the breakfast here .
Nothing appears to be autographed or evoke a sense of authenticity .
It was first time in Philly and I was starving .
There were 4 and I liked the radishes and kimchee but did n't love the seaweed or the fish cake very much .
The crab cakes were huge and full of delicious crab !
2 ) the prices are a little high .
I 'm kind of a foodie and absolutely love sushi , so we thought we would give it a try .
I walked in and ordered some food to go and it only took 10 - 15 mins to make .
Not sure where all the love has gone , cus this is a great place to eat !
It 's no secret that backyard bowls is a favorite in town , and with reason .
Let 's be real , the food was good ... but it was n't $ 25 a pop good .
I also ordered the Zangria White which is a sangria that was supposed to include strawberries , blueberries and diced apples ...
As I looked around , every other table had ice for their wine .
The sausage tasted bad and the waffle was bland .
It was my first time going to this location but I have been to other Ruth 's Chris locations .
Momo 's is the equivalent of greek tapas , which means that some of the more popular traditional dishes wo n't exist here .
I did n't enjoy the biscuits .
The only gripe I have is that I asked for extra pickles and they only gave me one extra one .
Too expensive and poor cooking the night we went .
The white lager was excellent !
The server 's response was , " It 's posted ( inside on a chalkboard ... I suggest you take a picture .. "
I was excited when this chipotle was first open , since it 's our favorite fast food ever .
I felt like the step child who asked for food .
French fries are good .
Only reason to visit this place , easy walking distance from the piazza .
But we all wanted some Bosnian food and we knew where to go !
I 'm hooked on the house special with the pate and the jalapenos .
2 man'oushes and 2 coffees ran us $ 30 .
Food was incredible ; fresh and came out quickly .
They were more than accommodating and offered to make me some eggs , bacon and Texas toast with my coffee .
Did n't expect fresh tasty basil in Philadelphia in 9 ° weather ( bit of a basil snob , I am ) .
That 's the last time I 'll be going there .
I had to change a diaper while there and the changing table was inside the handicapped stall .
This place is a little hidden but definitely worth finding .
We had the duck tacos , jalapeño hush puppies , collard greens ( done right ) and the smoked chicken wings ! ! !
It is pretty typical Taiwanese food , but it was done very well .
We ordered some beers , BBQ chicken wings ( Recommended ! ) and french fries .
Best mofongo ever ! ! ! !
There are so many othet better places .
I ordered one of the lunch specials which was an eggplant parm sandwich with spinach .
All you hear at this place is , " so what do you do ?
I went back , a few days later , shockingly .
They managed to cram a lot into this little place but we did n't mind .
Love this spot I come here all the time .
Another wonderful dinner at The Boiling House ! !
The brioche bun was soft and buttery , the meat flavorful and tender , the sauce lick your fingers good !
We stopped in for a tour ( tours start at the top of the hour ) and it was the quickest brewery tour ever !
This is THE best Thai food in Nashville , hands down .
Service was great , ambiance superb !
The food is awesome and they have a very relaxed , easy going vibe .
The cornbread was not good .
Outside seating was nice .
Came here for dinner during our visit to the area .
The arroz con pollo I ordered came to my table artfully arranged on my plate .
Since it was past 9:30 , I suggested to her that her math was wrong .
Today the food here was awful .
The people are always pleasant which is unique to Dunedin .
They missed the boat .
This seafood hot pot came out in an oldddddddddd school pot but it was so freaking good .
There are games like uno , Jack the Ripper, ... etc .
It 's the closest thing to a Vegas casino I 've seen .
I will say the prices were pretty awesome but I 'm not sure we 'll be back .
The long line of customers that ended at she door was also a good indication that Son 's Seafood was good .
I do n't think I 'd come back for a $ 50 breakfast that is small in size / lacking flavor but it was a neat experience all the same .
The wait is a bit long , but if you 've got the time to spare it 's worth the wait !
They have a bar in the back and a few TVs also spaced around the restaurant .
Very relaxed atmosphere and great service .
he recommended me the honey hot sauce and it was some of the best hot sauce i had eaten in ages .
And , I have n't even tried the savory croissants yet .
i like the huge bowls ( $ 3 extra ) that you can share with friends , its a good bonding experience !
Very modern and chic place down in Newtown Square off of West Chester Pike .
The broth is so flavorful !
It was my first time at this location but they are all pretty well the same .
Both our meals were PERFECT .
There was a party of 2 seated just before us who managed to eat and leave before our entree even arrived !
It was smooth and creamy and the piece of frosted chocolate cake garnish was exceptional .
It 's hard to understand them because their mouth is full .
I was so eager to eat this establish food now am just leaving wothout eating nothing .
The drivers overly apologize and state each time that it 's the management that wo n't hire more drivers .
I am a huge fan of P.F.
Waiter NEVER returned until he brought the check .
I definitely had my heart set on the Sweet Tea Chicken Fried Biscuit and was a little bummed to hear they were sold out .
The curry that came with the roti was so rich and full of flavor .
That is a good thing , I think , because I would definitely need to be in just the right mood to enjoy that .
Garlic shrimp flatbread was mostly bread with little tiny tasteless shrimp .
Excellent service and great happy hour selection .
This was our first time in Zionsville .
My friends omlette looked good .
This is our usual stop for lunch driving up / down the coast .
Flammenkuchen- Thin alsacien onion tarte , bacon , emmenthaler cheese .
-We had an amazing time laughing , drinking , eating , pretending to have southern accents , ( fat ) hamming it up , more drinking .
The shrimp were grilled perfectly and it had a great sweet - spicy - smoky dressing ( wish I knew what was in it ) .
While visiting the beach we found this restaurant nearby .
It was a little crowded , but we did n't have to wait five minutes for a table .
The decor reminds me of an Ancient Korean drama with its wooden benches , calligraphy and masks hanging on the walls .
I had the white chocolate banana pudding ice cream and it was amazing .
The restaurant was very clean , and the service was great .
The top time to come is around sunset where it is an absolutely beautiful sighting .
I was tempted to grab them off the bar but I wanted to see what the issue was .
My club sandwich was like cardboard , literally inedible .
We noticed not a lot of food was coming out- so assumed maybe there was an issue in the kitchen .
And I did n't leave very pleased with the meal overall .
If you have to go to this place , do n't get fish , they are not fresh .
The sandwich was perfectly grilled , the bread was buttery , and the combination of cheeses were exceptional .
My daughter ordered the fried shrimp platter -- it was supposed to come with shrimp , fries , onion rings , hush puppies , and toast .
It was n't bad , it just did n't have a lot of flavor .
we had 2 people in our group order the $ 26 braised short rib .
You get to pick your table inside the boat ( so you may want to get in line early ) .
I was very happy to receive warm and crispy pop over and foie gras soup .
It 's a unique sauce , and I 'm pretty sure it 's unparalleled , at least around here !
Came to Smiley 's after reading other Yelp reviews , and I was not disappointed !
As she was about to go to the back about the milk , she decided to ring me up .
Every meal I 've had here was just as delicious as the previous .
Horrible service and the food was garbage .
I know it 's kinda stupid but if you have a nice tv in a very nice hotel , why not compliment it with HD ? ! ?
We arrive late at night , after midnight , and the waitress was extremely busy .
But when there is a Subway on nearly every street around Vandy , you better believe I wo n't be coming back to this one .
Our server also brought us delicious tempura fried bananas for a complimentary dessert .
The wings were big , tasty , and fresh .
This place is OVERRATED .
This place is overrated .
I went recently with my family for their lunch buffet , which looked quite nice .
Had the house veg burger w / pretzel bun and tots .
The waiter was spot on , and generous .
My wife had an omelette which she said was good .
had to ask for napkins ..
Two of us ordered the Veracruz Trigger fish and the other ordered the Serrano Scallops and all of it was wonderful .
However , this was quite possible the worst brunch I 've ever had .
It probably helped that the restaurant was almost empty ...
Food quality was ok , like a poor mans in - n - out with the exception of higher prices .
Unfortunately it 's too expensive to frequent regularly , but we will definitely be back for a special treat .
It always tastes homemade no matter which restaurant I go to in the chain .
Trust me he would know the difference .
My favorite bar / grill in town .
The Olive Garden across the street was overflowing with people waiting outside .
From there everything was painstakingly slow at every turn .
No crab legs as we were expecting but they had a decent variety of other foods .
The wife got one with broccoli which was ok .
the guac was better than average .
The problem is that I 'm a hot chocolate snob .
I ate the tomatoes because I like tomatoes and not because I felt forced .
When our food arrived , the chicken nachos were overdone , the Tomato Bisque was luke warm - not hot , but not cold either .
Only two seating booths and a bar stool seating .
Seems like 8 would be enough .... but I have never worked in a restaurant , so I do n't know if 8 is enough !
My only criticism is that our food was slow coming out .
You sit outside and Goleta holester Ave is nothing special .
When paying , somehow my order went from 11.95 to $ 19 something ! !
In the search for good food after a long road trip , we found ourselves in Ybor City , the historic part of Tampa .
And the salad , especially the dressing , is addictive !
she did n't seem like she liked her job or us ..
The food was amazing , the service was tremendous and Kirsten knows how to make people feel at home .
The elegant ambience sets the mood and as a tough critic ... I love it !
He changes it up based on his shopping that week , and I had had a mix of watercress , apples , melons with mine .
All very delicious and it 's worth the wait if there 's a line ! ! !
I 'm not sure what happened here , but this place went downhill fast .
Then , I also added in some deviled eggs .
overall just very average food .
I eat at the taco trucks and the down and dirty corner stores and these are pretty good .
The food was out of this world and they allowed us to bring in our own alcohol which kept the price so reasonable .
Chrissy was our server and you should definitely ask for her .
Every sunday when they have 3 $ pints we drive up here from south indy just for the dragonfly / burger combo .
Most recently we have enjoyed some good tortas that were very large and filling .
Have you ever eaten food that is so good it feels like you 're drunk happy as you sit and enjoy it ? ...
Any other place would have thanked me for pointing out the issue and taken care of it .
Very worth the money .
I got the chicken and waffles and my boyfriend got the short rib hash .
I will say , it was a bit confusing walking in the first time and figuring out how to order .
This is probably my favorite restaurant in the States .
The rolls come out quickly and held together fine .
They really missed the mark with that one .
I really enjoy this place .
The grits in particular ..... we came back a few days later and had their breakfast burrata .
Their dining room is nice as well .
These two are very similar pastries .
The bad service was also another disappointment .
The " MANAGER " wrote down the code and said she would process it .
Absolute top notch rating for this place .
We moved from the city to the burbs recently ...
And the peanut chocolate panna cotta was one of the best I 've ever had ( and I 'm a big panna cotta fan ) .
We chose Phan 's after reading Yelp reviews .
Perfect to grab a drink , admire the books on the mantle and sit on a squishy chair by the fireplace .
They were supposed to be in a mild sauce but I found it quite spicy .
We were greeted by two bartenders / servers at a cocktail table .
We were looking for a relaxing date night .
Always wanted to visit this restaurant since the outside made it seem inviting and fancy .
Hubby had the potato salad and loved that as well !
My friend got the district salad with salmon and she was very happy with her choice too .
This is 100 % my favorite breakfast bagel place in downtown dunedin and probably even the whole Tampa Bay Area .
My wife had the soup of the day and boudin balls .
Went there for brunch today .
Between the juiciness of the bison burger and the snap of the jalapenos & pico de gallo ; I was delighted .
Every time that my boyfriend and I go , we always get the Blue Corn & Asparagus Tacos and the Quesa Havana .
It 's too pricy for what you get .
I got the black and bleu and my bf got another hot beef sandwich that had peppers and onions .
So then our entrees come , and to our surprise every thing was raw and you had to cook it in the broth and oil .
Then he let us try the pork steak .
My family said the regular pizzas were excellent .
Split a samosa chat and bhel puri chat with a friend , on Hassan 's recommendation .
Please give them a try you wo n't regret it !
Both of the dishes were good , but I liked the noodles better .
Service was ok , he acted annoyed that we were there and like he said his schpele a thousand times .
The pizza is so good ! !
And it was actually served inside of a mango which really turned me on .
The service rushed us out and the prices are a little steep .
Of course we had spend a long day of Black Friday sales so we were famished .
Three friends and I went to Village Whiskey for an early dinner on the 4th of July 2015 .
Got the cheesecake at the Coffee X change on Tangue Verde .
It was $ 7.95 per pound , which is a great price .
Nkechi , our waitress was great !
The prices were very reasonable , employees friendly , and the food was prepared very quickly .
My husband said that the " Chick " N Nuggets were better than the vegan places in NYC that we frequent .
We informed her no , but they were on their way .
Had steamed vegetable dumplings , which were very good .
The only negative I have heard prior that deterred me was that there were n't any hot noodle bowls that were vegetarian .
However , the chicken was quite good , particularly the dry - rub za'atar .
I had many questions and took up a lot of her time .
The staff was pleasant as well , so I 'm thinking " hum ... I like ... " .
The only thing was that the staff were already packing up and cleaning floors , equipment ect ...
It costs $ 20 all you care to eat and all proceeds go to a different organization each month .
The restaurant itself is a bit dive - y and the staff is n't overly friendly .
I ordered mix veggie pizza and it was fantastic .
Prompt seating = bonus .
They added a spicy one , w / chilies , so we ordered both .
So good times !
That should have been a red flag right there but we were starving and they had couscous on the menu , April 's fave .
Good job , Burger Study and Thank you !
The Roti Canai was prepared perfectly and accompanied with a chicken and potato yellow curry that was on point .
I have given this place 3 .
My husband ordered the butcher 's filet , which was very tender but lacked any real flavor .
I would have been disappointed if this was the only thing I ordered , but everything was a hit thus far in the evening .
Went here yesterday ( Saturday ) and I can officially say I am HOOKED .
My husband and I found Fiore by chance , without any recommendations from friends .
I was a tad bit disappointed in the size of the shrimp dinner as well as the presentation ..
The sandwiches are very mediocre .
When arriving home and opening the packaging the dishes looked great .
Wine was delicious !
That being said , it was worth the soaking wet socks and shirt .
Where as most of the other food trucks had their bottled water and drinks for $ 1 , The Hot Spot had theirs at $ 1.50 .
There was hardly any wait , but it was still a pretty packed house which explained the slower service .
Incredibly unfriendly staff .
Because it is almost literally the only place around here !
I ca n't exactly describe what I had but it involved pork , sundried tomatoes , goat cheese , creamy sauce , and it was fabulous .
I went there for a work lunch and it was amazing .
The host ( may have also been our server ) asked us what we wanted to drink .
Buffalo cauliflower was awesome and the chicken skewers were so so good !
Was almost discouraged to stop but I read other Yelpers say it moves fast ... in which it did and so well worth the wait .
We will happily be back on our next visit to New Orleans ! !
My parents always request Oana and she is an awesome server-- answers questions , gives suggestions , and really knows the menu .
We will probably come back but are disappointed in this trip to one of our favorite restaurants .
Just do n't speak up about a mistake if you fear the staff and/or manager will give you attitude , because it may happen .
It used to be my go to spot when I lived in the city .
Fantastic service ! !
Bf got the dirty martini and I got the rum / ginger beer concoction .
Our food came .
My favorite restaurant !
This was the first spot that me and my friend went to once arriving in New Orleans .
I had great expectations for this place and they did not disappoint !
The staff are courteous and helpful .
The experience is fun and girly , but the food does n't back it up .
Liking things a little spicy , we both ordered the Jeyuk Top - Bab ( spicy pork ) .
By he seating out door was a mess but we were hungry
Overall , the food was a 4 + , but the service brought my rating down .
I enjoyed the pineapple and rice .
The dessert was good but everything else was forgettable .
Even my picky husband eats them right up !
Definitely wo n't be back again , so many other better options in the area for hibachi .
Potato chumpies were a good starter .
2 of the most memorable were the crab cakes and crawfish fritters .
We should have walked out then , but we thought the food would make up for it .
The food was OK , and the service was excellent .
Not the greatest experience :( Defn a disappointment .
The neighborhood ( Broad Ripple ) is pretty cool .
Chicken was on the dry side , obviously slightly overcooked .
After ordering a margarita and beer , we waited another 10 minutes for our drinks to arrive .
As good as my other favourites - Pat 's and Tony Luke 's , just different .
My son said it looked like it was the future .
This place was recommended by a coworker , and it w as excellent !
Louis , and it 's one of the city 's culinary staples ) , and was happy with what she got .
Although I did miss capers on the beef and there was too much salad , both the dishes were really good .
The cheeses are out of this world good , and so is the rest of the food .
The team behind the line on this particular Saturday night ran like a well oiled machine .
The shell was a folded over steam bun .
A bit of peeling paint , etc ...
The bowl was smokin ' hot though .
It 's actually pretty darn good , too , but a bit on the pricey side compared to their usual competitive prices .
This is n't your standard Italian place by any stretch .
The caprese rocked .
One of our absolute favorite breakfast places - EVAH !
We go to Ralph 's for every special occasion .
I paid $ 8 for a lunch platter which would be a small else where and an appropriate size ( Not a 6inch hoagie container ) .
Despite the food being good the type of service we received during our visit caused us to have a poor dining experience .
However , the food is very average .
The atmosphere was inviting and the colors really gave it a Florida vibe !
The bar tender was busy counting money and cold as as ice , the other guy grilling oyster is ridiculous as well .
I 'd ask for the chef 's speciality , or the server 's recommendations -- never fails to be good .
We ordered the special for the evening , Lamb Gyro and the Roasted Chicken .
Mom ordered cookie dough .
We ordered 2 pizzas tonight : one new hand tossed and one thin and crispy .
I also like a boilermaker so this place was like a little sliver of heaven for me .
I agree with some other posters ... the duck fat does not translate .
To be so worried about us possibly eating in the rain , yet no one cared to try to get our order in a timely manner .
Back to the actual review .
The food was disappointing , especially since we were paying 20 - 25 % more than the time before .
The service was also very good .
I am not sure whether he forgot to put in our drink order , of there was a tie - up at the bar .
It came over pasta , which is unusual , but it totally worked .
It can be a little pricy , depending on what you want to order , but the food is delicious .
This place is Smokey and insane ... 8 dollars for a drink at center bar , even if your playing the bar - top machines ? ?
Fried oyster was good , too .
Was disappointed that there was only one vegetable side option , but the snap peas were delicious and cooked nicely .
The Philly Cheesesteak Pizza was my 10 year old 's favorite .
The produce , meats , and other ingredients used by the owner of Le Saigon is cheap , expired , and extremely unsafe .
The guacamole was extremely fresh and I was happy to have fresh , unsalted tortilla chips quickly refilled when needed .
I ordered the crab cakes , which arrived lukewarm and greasy ; overall not very appetizing .
Every now and then they also have rice pudding and it is top notch !
But ..... I could not fit through the revolving door .....
the place is cheap .
They serve breakfast & lunch all day on the weekend , so we had 2 scrumptious menus to choose from ... but wait there 's more .
We will never ever step a foot into this establishment .
After waiting for about an hour , we got the table .
Well worth the almost four bucks they charged for them .
The food was just okay and over - priced .
Drowning it in syrup did n't help with the flavor either .
We got the 2 medium 3 topping pizza deal for $ 10.99 !
It 's tucked in a converted home .
It is on the smaller side inside so at times I 've had to wait for a table .
Another bad day .
Best croissants on the beach .
The place is tiny and it was packed when we arrived .
Did I mention it 's one of the best Mexican restaurants I 've had the pleasure to enjoy .
The city is known for its great food , and this is certainly one of the spots to go .
Eggs were light & fluffy .
The cultural decorations are pretty fun .
It was a nice thick slice unlike some places I 've been .
I got the grilled honey mustard chicken sandwich .
The food took a little longer than expected but Veronica entertained us with stories and playful jokes .
The service is great , the manager is always friendly when I 'm there , and the food is good .... not great .
I sitting outside and walked back in after a few minutes to check on my order .
While on vacation in Clearwater my family and I traveled to Tarpon Springs for Greek food .
The fries were very good , the bread was yummy .
I love it here , the waiters / waitresses were so nice !
Inside , the restaurant was clean , warm , and inviting .
Because the old man so nice for us .
In the end , my wife and I and the old couple walked away with relatively the same experience though because the food was awful .
We frequently get cheesesteaks as takeout and rarely do delivery seeing as we only live a couple blocks away .
Great neighborhood ..
This is a place you would usually just pass by but do n't , the pho is to die for !
The broth was horrible , all water and no flavor , and they really skimped out on the portion of meat .
I wo n't be going back after that last disappointing meal !
First off I noticed the hours are just weird .
I sampled the stuffed gulf shrimp with crab stuffing and the taste was also outstanding .
Our service was n't the greatest .
I have been to as many Pho places in Reno as I can find and Viet Pho ranks in the top 5 !
It was better than the first time !
I ordered the chicken with potatoes .
Portion was very large too .
We ate here for dinner .
Shared the toasted ravioli as an appetizer .
We usually go to the one in Boone crossing in Chesterfield but that one is always so busy .
Hotel Across the Street Fairfield Inn , wanted dinner before checking in decided Denny 's would be perfect .
Then the mango itself was sour - not ripe enough .
The burger was n't seasoned and the fries were sooo salty .
Using our Membership , we decided to go for a flight of 4 beers each since we were not familiar with their goods .
Love this place , one of the best kept secrets in Nashville .
This location has a drive - up window ...
I 've eaten there twice and both times there was something off about my meal .
A chanterelle mushroom & fresh vegetable pot pie .
The only bright spots in this place are : byob and dragon roll .
Jennifer is the daytime barkeep and also manages the place in the owner 's absence .
Once seated we waited considerably longer then expected for our server .
That being said I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I am in the service ( or lack there of ) I received tonight .
Got there at 6:30 there are plenty of tables available in by 830 the place was packed .
She really cares about your experience here .
Music was n't too loud .
( we ate after we shot- the food was good ! ) Once you grab your lane you are good to go !
They cook the burger perfectly ! !
Shredded chicken is my favorite .
The guy who is usually at the counter is so warm and welcoming !
The reviews on yelp were good and I think the food was great !
We did get desert and my wife said that the cheesecake was incredible and the mile high Boston cream pie was great .
My favorite sushi restaurant - hands down the best in town .
All the appetizers were delivered timely and were delicious .
You 've got to get their basa .
Very cheap for a ton of food .
All had rave reviews :)
Fortunately , my dining companions were familiar with the menu and HIGHLY recommended the Salmon Eggs Benedict .
My mother got a shrimp boat , and could not stop praising how much she enjoyed the fried shrimp .
Each of us also got an order of noodles .
Love the atmosphere and we got there before the rush .
The overall aesthetic is very pleasing .
We ended up going with the margarita flight and a quesadilla .
The food came quick enough .
I just thought I would throw in that disclaimer .
First and last time here .....
I have attended events in the rooms to the right .
Oh my goodness their Mac and cheese is to die for .
They do n't take reservations so you may have to wait a bit for a table depending on the day of the week .
Finally tabled , like true Americans , we all ordered burgers .
i said this is the third time i have told you honey oat .
The refried bean were very flavorful and covered with melted cheese also .
When it finally arrived it was so late we did n't have time to eat it , and we barely made our theater date on time .
Ordered the Eggs Veney and did n't regret that decision because the whole plate was devoured in a matter of minutes .
Of all the dishes I tried , I 'd have to say the whipped feta and the chorizo gnocchi were my favorites .
The only thing negative I would say is that I wish they had Kee Mao on the menu , because that 's my favorite .
Even the fruit was great !
Finally he came back and by this time we just wanted our check .
While I did enjoy my Coco ave noodle soup , I kind of felt like there was more to be desired .
A chip in my glass that was sharp enough to cut a lip .
The atmosphere is quaint in the historic district and the servers helpful , though not very attentive .
Glad we decided to try this soul food restaurant reminds me of being in the south !
Their menu was extensive , almost too much to look at .
Say hi to Murphy , he took great care of me .
We really enjoyed how they make their crawfish here .
I do n't like it when restaurants are cheap with portions , especially neighborly ones !
The last couple times I have eaten there the food has come out cold .
Last time I was there it was a Friday night at 10 pm .
I asked the bus boy for another glass of wine which never came .
I got the country fried steak because , let 's face it , I 'm a fat kid at heart .
It did n't look like they swapped out anything for the lack of rice on top of the extra $ 1 charge for gluten free .
The blend of the sweet mango with the herbs and fish really bring this cevice to life .
We had reservation for six , however , they put us at a table for four and crammed in two extra chairs ? !
We had the general tso 's wings which were good , and then the burgers with salt / pepper fries which were just ok .
My party and I were always able to find a seat no matter how busy it was .
Do n't forget to get the apple lind betty for dessert , it 's to die for !
The salsa was sneaky , the first few bites seem reasonable , but then the heat creeps up .
I do n't want to call the space SMALL because it does n't feel cramped .
Slimy , soggy lettuce .
Still , we had SO MUCH food left over ...
The coffee was cold the omelette was disgusting taste as though they did n't clean the griddle it was cooked on .
I can honestly say that based On this experience , I would never go back .
It was a great last night in FL kinda meal .
I was surprised to see 3 - star reviews here but when I read it I understood the reason .
Delightful and amazing service .
My suggestion is to go to a different restaurant for dinner and then stop by here for dessert on your way back to your hotel .
They did not even apologize , forget about refund or replacement .
I went to a lot of restaurants in New Orleans while visiting .
Not exactly wanting my business I guess .
They all come as small bites and are fantastic .
I strolled in here right before close and they were nice enough to make me a poke bowl !
Loved the food too !
And you do n't care that this is a chain , or that the food is n't that great ( it 's salty , it 's greasy , it 's processed ) .
Guess I 'm a sucker for punishment .
Staff is always very friendly and attentive .
The service was pleasant and quick and the price was RIGHT !
The food ( while somewhat uninspired ) was all cooked well , and seemed fresh and hot in the buffet .
We had to wait for an hour before getting seated .
After Katrina , I called all of my friends to see if they were ok and then the next question I asked is , how is Cafe Reconcile !
There was a 30 minutes wait for outside seating so we decided to take inside instead .
Overall cute neighborhood cafe .
Their crust falls somewhere between STL and NYC - soft but not too soft , with a bit of crunch .
Being a NC native , Piedmont region , we know barbecue and Brunswick stew .
Service is very attentive and friendly :) But I think this place is overrated .
On a Saturday morning ... what more could you ask for ? !
If you go in the morning they have a wide variety of croissants , quiche , cinnamon rolls and other yummy stuff .
Fine , it will come out of my black sweater , but it was a goooood bottle of wine !
The food was yummilicious !
why not just put a sign ?
Twice in the next half hour , they came by twice to confirm our orders .
No one acknowledged it from front of house or back .
We had a beyond amazing meal the next day at Commander 's for the same price .
It appears as though the places was wiped .
I ca n't say much that put its in a different class then the other local stake houses though .
We went here in spite of terrible reviews and a friend claiming to have become sick after eating here .
We will be back as both times we visited we had a great experience .
Went here a couple weeks back for dinner and a very nice experience .
My group and I each ordered a different item on the menu so we can all share .
Portions were more than I could eat .
( 04 ) Churros ( Take my advice and do n't split 'em with anyone . )
If the name of my restaurant was my last name I 'd make dam sure it was good !
Not once did I feel like I was an inconvenience with my questions .
This time I ordered a pizza steak and I was really impressed !
When she did not like the daiquiri because it was too sweet , he replied " well , it 's a daiquiri " .
The pita bread was burned- not just over toasted , but black on the majority of the wedges .
As my dad said , " This green tea tastes like water , and not even good water ! "
I got 2 plates worth of food and was very satisfied .
I do n't often eat ice cream .
We had to chant our baby 's diaper in the booth .
The location is also great , being situated in the French quarter .
Their pita bread is so yummy and fresh and their tzatziki is to die for .
Today , the dough on my pizza was literally raw .
The sweet potato fries are incredible and the flights of beer are awesome .
Best Greek salad I ever had , hands down .
Then one morning I ran out of milk and this was the closest place I could go while still in my pajamas ( do n't judge me ) .
the quality of the ingredients was great but i still felt as if something was missing ..
The arugula gave them a nice nutty taste and the bacon added a nice saltiness to the dish .
They yelled at her and would not bring her the egg rolls or refun her money .
The smell hits you as soon as you 're near the door .
Finally on our last day in New Orleans , we decided to check it out for breakfast .
The nitro iced coffee was great and the staff very friendly .
We had a salmon and a seared sea bass entree .
It 's a small but fairly well designed space with plenty of seating and room for people .
The staff was friendly and welcoming .
The lobby area is really nice .
Their Nutella milkshake was one of the best things I 've ever tasted .
Food was awful , service was inattentive and it was over priced .
A real dining experience .
I told the server that we ordered two of them with no onions .
We were visiting Nashville and an internet search for restaurants showed this was one of the places to go to in Nashville .
my vegan girlfriend and I came here for vegetarian reasons and were happy with the vegetarian bourbon chicken we had .
This is a family owned and run restaurant and they are so friendly they
The only down side ?
Fantastic breakfast ! ! ! !
We were able to be seated really quick ( during the week ) but i imagine it getting really crowded during the weekends .
Mind you , people who arrived after we were seated got their food , ate , and left before we even saw a slice of our order .
I had to wait until he came back in the area to ask for ketchup .
She 's the cute blonde girl who DJ 's in the area under an alias .
Fries were very good as well .
Nice ambiance and decor .
There was corn in them and I think it made them tastier .
Also really nice to sit outside on the porch , it avoids the dreaded TV while dining ( the lowest class practice I can think of ) .
We ate in the dining room for lunch one day and another time just popped into the bar at the back for a drink and cooling off .
The miso soup is the best that l've ever tried ! ! !
It was so rich in flavor and color .
My son had the house salad and really enjoyed it .
Not only a friendly staff but very generous as well ! ! !
We ordered the scallops , rice bowl with steak , Mac n cheese , lamb sliders , and cookies and ice cream for dessert .
The soups are incredible as well .
But the chicken dish I had was dope .
They had pastry , breakfast burritos ( made off site though ) and gorgeous looking bread for $ 3.50 and is worth it !
I 'd been here a couple times before for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed it , but never for their legendary brunch .
The other area for me that was a negative was the amount of time it took for us to eat .
Although I asked for mashed potatoes and was given tater tots , they did fix it by bringing me my mashys on the side .
It was my first time trying afghan food , and it was delicious !
Being on a calorie restrictive diet , I opted for the Thai Chicken Salad which was excellent in my opinion .
What saved this from being a 2 - star review was the fact that I tried my friend 's Straw and Hay , which was stellar .
Service was great , our server knew the menu pretty well .
Vince , the owner , is definitely putting his heart and soul into this place and it shows .
She was a nice as a rattlesnake .
That was a very nice gesture and one that required no push from us to induce .
Service is a bit slow but in my opinion that 's part of the ambiance .
i ended up with a bowl of clam chowder , which was amazing .
Last but not least the flan !
Honestly , I stopped here because it 's a Garces joint and I would drink toilet water if he put it in a bowl with some cilantro .
I 've only ever gotten pizza and sides , but I think they are absolutely the best pizza in the area , hands down .
I do n't know how this place has as many stars !
While the food was very good ( 4 stars ) , the service was poor .
The biggest plus was there was tons of tables and chairs for sitting !
Overall , the experience was n't that great .
The pizza I ordered today was a personal specialty pie .
Well , honestly if I could give zero star than I would ; because it is extremely Americanized not close to being Indian .
It has a hole in the wall type of interior , but it 's very clean kept .
I say mysteries because they did n't have any labels , nor did anyone mention them on any menu I saw .
Our friends who frequented this restaurant for several years during college who now live in LA introduced us to this place .
Was told , " this is your table . "
Our group all tried multiple items .
The food was n't bad , but neither was it good .
Next came the garlic sausage .
The menu also included lots of paninis and other little snacks and soups .
We had a mixed generation family dinner and they were very accommodating as two family members were in wheelchairs .
And I certainly would n't let it sour my experience of choosing that perfect bag from the chip rack !
I called to let them know they sent me a turkey sandwich with bacon bits and the guy started arguing with me .
We were n't offered beverages .
Went there after watched the show .
Prepare to wait in line and if you park out back , do n't forget to get a ticket and put on your dash or you will be ticketed
First meal there was the BEST Pot Roast I 've ever had and since I had joined the Club , it ended up being FREE .
No smile , no hello , no thank you .
The lounge area has inviting couches , a fireplace and shuffleboard .
We almost always get the sashimi and sushi combination , along with a couple different orders of nigiri .
( I dislike peas . ) I was willing to have one serving of peas but asked to replace the potatoes with any other veggie .
The prices were pretty reasonable and they had a 3 course menu for 35 $ I believe .
Service is always friendly and attentive .
Recently , the service has gotten very slow compared to years past & some of the servers have a sulky attitude ... Sad .
There 's short indoor walking distance to the auditorium and ball room .
The main feature- fried chicken , was not remarkable .
And the host kept calling me sweetheart which really grates .
Great great breakfast ...
But , once our food was ready , it was sitting on the counter for 15 - 20 minutes .
Dough is semi frozen / slightly pre - baked , and the sauce is a good mix of tangy and tomato - y.
I already know that when I go back to Cali In - N - Out will be one of my first stops .
My friends had their orders messed up .
Cheu is my favorite spot to get noodles in Center City !
I chose this place on vacation because of the great reviews and I was not disappointed .
The menu was small and simple ...
We had to try it , after all - who puts lobster in a waffle ?
The food was excellent and there was a lot to choose from .
My friends and I came here after a long day rock climbing on Mt Lemmon .
He liked it a lot .
It was so good , I stopped by there the next day .
We arrived for lunch at 12p on a Friday - was n't busy at all .
This is a great little place .
Some people just do not understand the concept of pulling numbers and then stepping out of the way to be polite .
I took the crowds as a sign that the coffee was good , and I was right ( way to go , Carissa ! ) .
Just had a late dinner there on a Sunday night and was really surprised at how good the sushi was and how low my ticket was .
Not it will be an extra 2 or 3 dollars ( which I would have happily paid ) but just a no we wo n't do it .
My girlfriend , roommate , and I came here this past Sunday for brunch .
The lamb and marsala are particularly tasty .
Second time here and just do n't like the place .
What a lovely place !
My brother raves about this place and it was better than described .
The place was n't busy at all .
there were a few sleepy heads and a few little odd balls that wanted to be left alone but most were adorable and social .
The place is a little hole in the wall , but overall very clean .
Last summer my now fiancé and I had a couple nights in Philly and could n't decide where to go .
My Mother 's " well done " burger came out , still BLEEDING !
The wait staff was nice .
Nashville for the weekend -- Brunch on Saturday !
They seem like they are over cooked - the chicken just is n't moist like it I 've had at other locations .
You see a big variety however until you taste it is just yucky !
I must say ... I had much higher hopes for this place .
Go there , take ur family and friends , they will like it ! !
The tandoor chicken was evenly spiced and charred nicely .
I have n't had an Orangina in 2 years and almost cried of happiness when I saw it in the cooler .
We had a party of 16 to celebrate my daughter 's graduation .
Okay maybe not but the meat is premium , and hearty ...
Fries are addicting .. i ve bn craving them ever since !
Every bite was very good and of course the weather and open air seating is great too especially in Santa Barbara .
My low expectations were easily met .
After the gym today , my theatre sister and I decided to visit this establishment for lunch .
The prices for drinks were n't that bad .
Their tacos are amazing ! ! ! !
Walking up to it we felt like it was our kind of place , we love small plates , good cocktails and a relaxed atmosphere .
The whole dish overall can be a little salty and overwhelming / heavy but it 's definitely worth a visit for this dish !
I was happy to get a table on a Saturday night after reading about it in Bon Appetit .
I have been here many times and it 's always hit or miss .
My only hesitation to write this review is that it 's almost trendy to review Tria , but the biz should n't be punished for it ...
I 've also had the chicken tails , broccoli bites , and breaded mushrooms , all of which have been excellent .
WE put in an appetizer order for pretzels and received them after the food came out .
The more people at the table it seems the more energy from the chef , the more entertaining , the more you enjoy the experience .
Their happy hour is what made this visit well worth it .
As an added bonus , the ambiance is beautiful .
A nice wooden bar to your left upon walking in , with small tables dispersed around the perimeter of the restaurant .
It 's a thing to do in Nashville .
I had pho and shared spring rolls with friends .
Amount of beef was very generous ; the only slight gripe is that the " fixings " ( sprouts & herbs ) we 're a bit skimpy ...
The only thing is every once in a while the chicken is a little over cooked and crispy ...
unfortunately , i did n't get that beer until i had finished eating .
The food was well prepared but we did not find it unique or special .
We ate a late breakfast before the class and that worked great .
What a little gem in Narberth .
I wanted to order other dishes but there was only 2 of us and it would have been too much food .
There were only two servers on this night and the poor service showed .
The food was ready to go when I arrived .
Was a tad bit disappointed by the mac and cheese tho , needed to be thicker and less runny
Then we had to wait for almost half an hour for our briyanis , which very quiet dry .
We stopped here after a long day at the zoo .
I got the Tilapia special which was just caked with breading and had an awful fatty caper sauce .
The only thing is that they decorate their plates very nicely .
It can get very loud , but you kind of expect that in a place like this .
A few years back they always used to sing and make a lot of noise ( literrally ) for your birthday .
Overall we had great service and food .
But cheap me , I decided to stick with the regular mojito because the mango ones were $ 8 I heard ...
It can easily get to be a pricey experience if you are n't careful , but you get what you pay for !
I also ordered room service last night from this restaurant , and it was amazing .
Also the guy at the register complimented my tie .
Food was fantastic
I wo n't be back to this location , to easy to get sick or catch something .
For an appetizer , we shared an order of the crawfish crepes .
I 'm not expecting New Orleans to have outstanding Mexican food , but this place is completely gross .
and cut right to the chase to their many rolls and sushi choices .
My husband and I have come to love it .
This place will definitely be our Sunday go to !
I 'm drooling over the memory of eating it .
As I walked into the dining area , I like led the simple ambiance .
We ordered coffee service the night before for the following morning , as we often do at many places we stay .
I got the Ziggy Burger based on the review here , and I was hooked .
I bought 5 breasts last week to feed the family and there was virtually no meat on them .
My father loves the chocolate eclairs , I love the almond croissants and the coffees .
Let me start off by saying , the first time my Boyfriend and I went , we were beyond pleased .
This was an excellent BEEFivore experience and that was exactly what I was looking for .
The price is ok considering the tacos are n't anything special .. The only one I like is the potato .. or papas taco .
Owner bet me that these would be the best I had ever had , and I lost the bet they were that good .
It 's definitely a restaurant worth going to , just avoid the steak in my opinion .
As for service , they seem nice and relatively efficient .
Service was spot on and enthusiastic .
If you are staying anywhere near this place , you absolutely must stop by !
The prices for the elaborate dishes are commensurate with the ingredients and prep time .
We waited about an hour to be seated .
I 'm guessing they were about 400 calories each , but so worth it .
Beats the breakfast at the Renaissance across the street where we usually stay .
There was plenty of meat , that 's for sure .
I ca n't complain about the waitress because she did her job .
The toppings I chose were grilled onions , grilled mushrooms , lettuce , tomato and mayo .
Well , her plate arrived with mashed potatoes and gluten filled gravy , on top of which was her porkchops .
The steamed shrimp dumplings were very tasty and for me- the general tso chicken took the cake !
The menu is a set menu , though you do have a couple courses where you chose between 2 - 3 options .
Same experience the first time .
And , if he / she does n't like cajun seafood , you know they 're not the one !
Yada yada I know get to the review right .
The prices are n't that bad .
Soooo good .
Really like this place .. Food is n't always the star of the show , but does nt mean its not good .. It really is .
They had live jazz during weekend brunch , and the restaurant is beautiful and cozy .
We ordered an Artichoke , Cheese and Kale dip appetizer .
Anytime the sushi chef makes it look like art with small details of the knife and placement of ingredients you know it 's good .
He ordered his steak medium rare , it came out medium to well done , they sent it back and it happened again .
Order carryout or eat outside , but eating inside is a miserable experience .
-CRAB CAKES : the worst crab cake I 've ever had !
I had the crab enchiladas and though they were good , there were a lot of shells in the meat .
Mac and cheese is really tasteless .
It was n't that I was full , it was that I think the flavor was almost too much for me to have it all in one go .
After getting your cash , you would need to park under the bridge and walk across the street .
I ca n't believe they made me pay 20 dollars for that dish .
And they do have a great happy hour !
Besito has some absolutely delicious food !
The miso broth was pretty good though I did n't really like raw veggies in the soup .
I wo n't begin to describe the flavoring ; it is beyond my culinary vocabulary .
Several people in our party feels it was all microwaved .
Another entree was the grouper w / Israeli couscous .
SO ... one star means a lot !
To Good : The beer list .
What to say about my favorite watering hole ?
Great breakfast with a friendly staff ..
Ten minutes later , the same man came back to our table , told us he had a " brain fart " and forgot what we ordered to drink .
I think part of the fun is the people - watching at this joint .
The server came and picked up my full plate of steak and threw it away .
The prices were reasonable , the staff came by a couple times to pick up trash .
After it was said and done we really had a good time and the food was great .
There was a fish special that looked and apparently tasted delicious .
All of the ingredients we top quality and used with the utmost care .
So , we went and had a beer elsewhere , and about a half hour later , I asked my BF if his phone had rang at all .
She is incredibly nice , the shop is well put together , cozy , the Intelligentsia coffee should be a reason to go here ...
If you work around Westshore Joes pizza is a great spot to grab a quick bite to eat .
The custard in the turtle sundae was amazing !
They had water at the table and two glasses filled , luke warm tap water .
My trusted GPS pulled up this place for me .
North 53′s mixologist Brendan Brewster ( formerly Woodwork , Manor Bistro ) , happily accommodated my off menu request .
my only complaint is that bok choy was the only veggie in the veggie pho .
It is a great family spot with really amazingly good food !
But I said well why did they give me the mojo pork dipping sauce if it he did n't hear me ?
It 's pork people it does n't take much .
if he called us the multiple times he said we would have received the call
My wife and I shared the following : Fried seafood platter , scallops and uni , oysters .
I had the tuna cheesesteak and I very much enjoyed it .
Seemed more interested in talking to the other wait staff as the place was not busy .
He was telling us about future updates to the restaurant that are coming soon and we ca n't wait to check them out !
The service was great , the view was fantastic and the food was delicious .
Maybe we were there on a bad day because the service was very slow , short staffed it seemed .
I will never give these s guys any more of my money ! !
So amazing , that I have indeed , paid the very high price for the whole pie .
$ 70 for three people and worth every penny .
Positives that made this a 3 - star rating instead of less :
Pretty cool joint .
A great relief from the pretentious restaurants we had visited that weekend .
So so soooo good .
Ate here with a friend , realized she had lost her wallet as soon as we sat down .
Pretty good pizza place .
I have worked in customer service and management for a while and this is inexcusably the worst experience I have ever had .
What can I say , their food is absolutely delicious .
This place is delish .
The lamb meat in the lamb ketban was succulent , moist and full of flavor .
I called ahead to place a pickup order and still had to wait 15 minutes for it .
Honestly , there was so much food that I could only eat half of what I ordered .
The white pizza is fabulous and the knot rolls are addicting .
I am used to always having them without sauce and with mostly rice - this was a surprising and delicious change .
Plus , they are all the same base .
I did n't expect the noodles which was a plus .
I had the Bird & Pig Cuban sandwich and also an order of chips and queso dip .
If you are in the area this is a must , you can tell the person cooking puts their heart into every dish .
Now I 'm a straight up person ... if I ate em , I will pay for it .
I 've come here almost on a weekly basis for the past few years to watch soccer .
My husband and I decided to drop in to El Sol after driving past it for upwards of 10 + years ( more for me ! ) ..
The Burrito was really good - I loved the blend of flavors !
Everyone deserves a second chance . "
Step back in time , we 'll be back .
Having been to many Indian restaurants in New England this was definetly a cut above .
Hands down , the BEST Indian food in Indy , and better than most places that I have visited anywhere , in any state .
I decided to go with the Mossimo pizza .
The mushrooms and mock meat were pretty good , but for some odd reason , there was a ton of ketchup on everything .
Absolutely rude , not communicating , disrespectful of their customers ..
I enjoyed their Chorizo Omelette its nice to find a place around here that server Mexican Chorizo so that excited me .
It was busy around lunch time and our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed but she did n't forget about us .
I would n't go out of my way to come here for lunch but the staff was friendly and the food was decent .
It 's too bad because the food was good but sat forever while our waiter disappeared so was served lukewarm .
I had a fancy margarita .
The custom airbrushed fondant leaves and branches to match our invitations were amazing !
The servers were friendly and professional .
I got the whole wheat penne with a house - made meatball .
I ordered the local rock crab special and it was great !
My friend and I had two each , plus dessert , and were n't super full when we left .
Good thing we already walked up and down all of Magazine ...
They came out with sweet tea .
I 've been geeked up all week about gettin back to New Orleans so I could come to MR . B 's bistro ! ! !
You get a nice view of the arch on the way in to the restaurant as well .
The service , however , was good and I 'm sure the other burgers on the menu are quite good as well .
though I had to send back my coconut soup after finding a big piece of chicken in it .
Food was pretty good minus the gumbo ( just a little different tasting compared to gumbo I am used to having ) .
We ordered the pizza , one mushroom pizza with truffle oil , that was divine , great crust etc .
They also do n't mind customizing your order if you like it Spicy it prefer it more on the savory side .
It was very tasty and full of flavor .
Amazing meal last night .
We did the 3 course menu .
So do yourself a favor , if you 're in the St.
Overall a nice experience great food !
The well seasoned sausage went perfectly with the slight sweet donut bun .
Still without a sign , this Han location might be a bit difficult to find .
I honestly do n't have anything to criticize when it comes to the delicious food .
The only thing is that the restaurant is in the hood .
For dessert we had the Mexican Chocolate and Bacon Brioche Pudding .
The sushi chefs know what they are doing .
My girlfriend got blackened tilipia and said it was also excellent .
I 've only eaten breakfast here but it 's been amazing everytime .
I did n't check the ladies room as I did n't want to deal with the yelling and screaming that would ensue .
Love the concept ... and apparently so does half the city .
the staff is also very friendly and gracious .
unfortunately even with it not being busy the service was slow and when it came the left off half of our order .
The next morning you 'll thank me ...
I have only had delivery from Fresco and the staff who answers the phone are always polite and helpful .
In addition , there are non - customers sitting in all of the outdoor seats and the floors and counters are sticky .
I 'm so happy and the same time sad that it took me two months to find this place in Philly .
The service : The service was exceptional , if not a little too friendly ..
i 've had fried chicken around the world from india to honduras and across america ...
The omelets looked good and the shrimp po - boy looked delicious .
The fried egg rolls were WAY too salty and were just not good .
My feet are sore from walking all over this place , I 'm still hungry for real food and I 'm exhausted and , well , very unhappy .
The chicken was dry and had gristle which was surprising since it was pulled .
Everyone loved the place , the food but the prices .
After waiting 30 mins to be seated we sat an additional 15 mins while our waiter helped two tables that were seated after us .
We went with the beer mustard and the crazy sauce .
They seem to have made a lot of changes which are n't for the better in my opinion .
I have had two very good experiences here .
No onion or tomato chunks , no green peppers .
However , the waitress seemed tired and kept forgetting to get our drinks .
Everybody tries to get you to go to cafe du monde , but do n't write off cafe beignet !
We decide to make it a " once a year trip at least " from the Orlando area .
The rice was a little bit soggy , but still good .
The seafood stew is unique and delicious !
do n't go for the pizza .
The rolls are soft and fresh .
I apologized and told her we did n't know if we were suppose to get our own menus or if they would be brought to us .
They have all sorts of stuff from Salad bar , to a small selection of fresh fruits , juice bar .
I tried Las Cazuelas recently , after hearing pretty good things about the food and atmosphere .
He was friendly and polite and seemed like he was having his best day ever !
I guess I was expecting a nice quiet dinner and I had to shout across the table to talk to my wife .
And I will say that the food was consistent from tasting to the actual wedding , and our guests RAVED about it .
So instead of allowing the customer to take home the leftovers , you say no , even though you 're going to just throw it away ? ! ?
Just writing this review and reminiscing the heavenly bliss of eating this burger makes my mouth water and stomach growl .
The brisket is the best I 've ever had and so are the Brussels sprouts .
We gave Pizza Guys a try and they did not disappoint .
The only downside is that they ran out of Pims !
You 've won my heart over Trattoria , and that 's hard to do .
We , however , did not have the chance to try out their dessert collection .
Our iced tea glasses never ran dry , and our server was attentive , but not annoying .
There are some really sweet workers here , however there are also some malicious workers .
The attentive service and delicious ramen made for a much - improved experience .
The manager works tirelessly to ensure that the standards are high .
My husband and I moved into the area recently and we were looking for our new , local Indian food place .
Got the half sandwich and cup of soup .
This is basically a pizza with everything folded over on itself : Sausage , Mushrooms , Peppers , Pepperoni !
Went for my nieces birthday .
Having the veggie tacos gave us hope that the rest of the tacos were going to get better as the tasting went on .
The service was great and the Sangria 's are the best in town !
This restaurant is a great addition to New Orleans .
I went on the Jazz lunch one time and it was just ...
my own fault of course , the name speaks for itself .
I was feeling a clean lunch when I went , so I ordered the sashimi lunch special with miso soup and a seaweed salad .
I am new to Philadelphia , so a friend selected the restaurant .
I got the Fried Crawfish tails and practically inhaled them because they were so good .
It was a little smaller than I expected for the price , but it was a lunch portion , so it makes sense .
I went here last night after reading about their 30 cent wings on Tuesdays .
The steak was cooked perfectly and seasoned just right .
The chicken was great , and the waffle was a nice balance of sweetness and super fluffy .
So it 's a great lunch place too , alone , or in a group of 2 or 3 .
If you 're hungry and looking for a place to eat , it 's an ok place- but not the greatest .
this is one of the places i miss the most because i have moved back to the bay area .
We got the fried pickles and loaded fries for appetizers .
The food is pretty good some of it is a bit spicy .
Dove right in and had no expectations , only to be totally surprised about the great flavours .
The regular pizza is delicious too .
I 've been meaning to come here for the last year .
Its right next to the airports so makes sense for some .
There were two people at the bar and two other tables seated .
Honestly most of the stars I 'm giving them is because of their genuine service .
I still ca n't ding them on the food itself .
We ordered small plates and shared large plates paired with a superb wine .
Food is fine ! !
attention to detail is amazing .
Had a great experience .
Very clean , and very kind service .
I got the blue cheese salad with house Italian dressing , it was so - so .
The baked goods and coffees at the cafe are just as good as the meals at Carisma .
I ordered the chili which came with * the best corn bread I 've ever had * .
Holy cow .
My husband had the wagu , because we have to try it at very restaurant , and unfortunately it was just mediocre .
I would said it has nice sunset view .
I 'm beginning to think this is part of their ploy to cut costs .
but the service is pretty horrid .
I happen to love their fries and like their cheeseburgers and a couple of the breakfast sandwiches .
This place is great , always accommodating to special requests .
It was almost end of lunch hours when we visited ... but I did not expect some items were already " out " from the menu .
We got the Grilled 3 Cheese sandwich and the Beef Barley soup .
I had a great brunch with 5 friends and we definitely were happy campers !
I said just waiting on my chips and queso , again I wait .
I got jalepeno poppers which were by far the best i 've ever had , although they were a little pricey .
Love doing the rotating wine tastings and when there was n't one right for our table they made us our own .
My favorite breakfast in town ! !
Even their soups can sometimes be bland and sad .
It was kinda like a sweeter version of thanksgiving dressing or ...
Great service , very attentive even though they were busy .
Some of my personal favorites are the butternut squash agrodolce and the stuffed peppers .
Ppl were on top of it and the store was clean and fun .
The iced caramel coffee here was noticeably caffeinated , but did n't taste too strong and acidic , so that was a real treat .
My tongue was burning , my stomach was full -- I was one happy gal .
The chicken was horribly dry after being boiled for who knows how long .
I ordered the black bean burger and it was delicious !
the food was also great , and came out fairly quick after ordering .
Even if you do n't take the train , this is worth the trip .
I had no idea this place was going to be so amazing !
The smoothies and bowls there are good .
Food was great , we loved the sauces .
It is pricey and sandwiches are a little on the small side but it is well worth it .
And as for the food , that 's pretty much what I got ( bean burritos are vegetarian , by the way ) .
If you are hosting guests from out of town and you want to show them what Philadelphia is all about ... take them to Ralphs .
The reason I even knew about this place , is because of the duel over naming with Green lemon(previously lime ) .
Steak was cooked to perfection .
There was a sand pit for kids to play in .
it was fast , clean and i was stuck in traffic eating allll my food .
We happened to be here for trivia night so we decided to play !
Did n't say but came out with lettuce , tomatoes and pickles .
Two of us ordered the chicken parm ( delish ) and my other friend ordered the steak which was also delicious .
A friend ordered a medium burger .
And , clearly , we will never step foot into the place again either .
Most horrible is no service at all !
My first experience there was great .
The service by our server Tina was great .. attentive and fast service .
It 's located on 107 Street , in the Alberta Health Services Seventh Street Plaza , ground floor of the South Tower .
They did n't apologize or seem interested in good customer service .
Considering they stay open until 3 pm , that was strange .
The tacos were tasty , the tofu alone seemed a bit bland because well , it had nothing on it .
Good .... but definitely had a large kick .
This is a deplorable experience , simply pathetic !
I was n't feeling adventurous for my first visit , so went with my favorite : Rueben on marble rye .
Beautiful place ..
Service : always prompt and courteous !
The bartender made a great recommendation based on a beer I told her I liked and I loved it !
Not a great atmosphere to dine in .
Amazing place for wings in Tucson .
i found bug larve in the food
Hubby and I were looking for a fresh seafood restaurant and stopped here late on a Saturday afternoon .
I truly enjoyed my dinner of corn cakes & veggies annnnd the guacamole we had as an app .
We 'll definitely stay again when we get out that way .
One of the best meals I 've had in recent memory -- I ca n't wait to go back !
The place is quite an attraction , I 'll give it that .
The wait was about 45 min and even then , it took us a while to get food .
The shrimp are huge and the honeyed walnuts are delectable .
I ca n't wait for our next event to be at Nadines !
Thank you John Besh for an incredible meal that was not only supremely delicious but did not ' break our bank ' .
The service experience at the deli counter is sort of hit and miss .
My lobster roll was also mostly minced lobster with few whole pieces .
To finish , I got the ABC milkshake-- AMAZING .
This restaurant is quiet and unassuming .
Our server was friendly , high energy , and had a silly salty demeanor ( perfect for this type of environment ) .
$ 14 for these thee items .
This place 's chaat and lassi are to die for .
I had the fish and chips which were excellent .
Right next door to the Santa Barbara Wine Collective , in fact it actually shares the same tables .
That 's about all that 's impressive about this place .
Sadly the produce was terrible .
Food was tasteless and bland .
We were one of 6 patrons in the entire restaurant and still had AWFUL service .
The bartender who helped me with the shuffleboard pucks was a helpful cutie tho .
We then received our meal and the jambalaya [ which tasted straight out of a box ] had hair present .
The spaetzle , though I thought was good , had no flavor and was only warm on both of our plates .
Their booths are super comfy and bouncy !
Recently tried Sunday brunch which was also really good , probably best kept secret on the main line
The biscuit comes in a trio and though it does n't look like a lot of food they are VERY filling .
I did like the fresh tortilla chips !
One in our party ordered filet mignon .
I got the ube baby baby and it was delicious !
Their redskin potato home - fry was rather poorly made .
The server brother came back to ask to the kitchen to investigate why the chef brother was yelling at a customer .
Few of us ordered the seafood stew which was absolutely delicious with a great hint of spice .
She proceeded to complain that someone was on the phone asking her to read the entire menu and she did n't have time .
I really think its a gimmick for the " Richy Riches " in the area to make themselves feel better about eating a burger .
I heard the pancakes are huge , and some items such as the breakfast bomb just seemed like too much food .
For that reason alone I rated them a 4 versus a 5 .
It tasted like they brought out yesterday 's leftovers .
Seems pricey for a scallop .
The hotel is HUGE but really pretty .
I ca n't believe this place is n't busier .
The sushi and other dishes are fresh and delicious .
I 'm a local and I 've been three times .
The bull horns over the bar and the abstract cow scene paintings felt like a ranch house .
they are $ 10 - $ 12 ( at least the ones we got ) - so more expensive than some rolls , and mine tasted like cough syrup !
I would pass on the meats .
it was terribly salty and not edible because they really overdid it with the sauce .
My chai ( with almond milk - yay ! ! ) was very good .
We honestly ate so much food the Chef came out and asked how we ate it all ?
We could have just stopped eating at that point because we were full , but then they bring out the main dishes .
I went to The Foodery a few weeks ago with my fiance to meet up with someone who recommended it .
The cornbread that come with the meal is sweet and buttery .
We love the atmosphere love the drinks I had a hot & spicy martini and the tuna my hubby had the prime rib dip .
My boyfriend got the chorizo flatbread , and was disappointed .
We found this place by walking around Hungry ....
He then places soup in front of me and says " here this will keep you preoccupied while you wait " ....
I 've been to Dmitri 's twice , and both times I ordered the same entree .
They also have a counter in the window so if you grab a sweet you can eat it right there .
One of my favorite spot , the pork chop is delicious !
The food was great , the burgers were extremely succulent and the shakes were on point !
More than half the meat was fat .
We had the shrimp and grits ( a staple when coming here ) & the fried oyster Benedict , both were filling and flavorful .
I would n't recommend this place .
Every thing tasted great !
To top it off , they forgot my calamaris ! !
The people there even gave us a free extra dish just because they wanted us to try it .
I also asked what they had done to the phenominal soft tacos ?
This was in my opinion one of the best rib joints in town but they must be under new management or something .
I spend a majority of my money here for good reason - it 's delicious .
The line moved really fast for us !
This is one of the first places I came when I moved to Indy and it still remains one of my favorites .
Terrible establishment .
First time in Nawlins and babbyyyyy my friends and I enjoyed ourselves !
I would say this is a good place for lunch , but the atmosphere feels a little " cold " for dinner .
You get your bill 10.00 .
Ordered the portobello wrap , a chocolate chip cannoli and wait for it ... ORANGINA !
All in all there were some excellent dishes ( get the soup I tell you ! ) - but there were also a couple ' so - so ' dishes .
805 Kabob is the perfect place to satisfy your Mediterranean fix !
also the chicken pot pie is very good ...
I LOVE LA COLOMBE !
The mango margarita was not very good and was $ 8 and the enchiladas were average but were $ 17 .
The buffalo burger , again was good .
I am sort of a simple man , so I had never been to a liquor bar before .
The food here is good but I feel it 's just a little over priced .
Great cocktails .... music wonderful .... small plates which was perfect .
From the starter , to the main entree to the dessert everything was to die for and the service was impeccable !
Horrible service and food .
If you do get the shredded beef tacos , make sure you eat them quick because those shells will get soggy and break apart on you .
It was spicy and hit the spot .
The service was great and the food was delicious .
I hate to waste food but if you are going to charge me to take it home I might as well just have you throw it away , no ?
My son 's salmon was n't fresh either .
Well , apparently by the size of the crowd I 'm not the only one that thinks this .
It was not fantastic and there was n't alot of seafood but it was adequate for me .
They do n't take reservations so be prepared to wait and wait and wait .
I 'm thinking it had to do with the language barrier .
Went for lunch and the food on the buffet was fantastic !
It had been a while since I had had tapas and I had heard soo much about this place so I had to try it .
I 'd definitely recommend a stop here if you 're in downtown STL .
I ca n't complain about a damn thing ! !
the hot slasa at the beginning is very tasty ...
When we got home and ate the food was decent , but not great .
I just ca n't get over how pathetic this burger was , especially given how much I paid for it .
Ten minutes later our waitress came over with refills and said our food should n't be much longer .
The beef tenderloin with port sauce ( ? ) was very flavorful and best ordered in multiples it is so delicious .
Really ca nt beat the location of this place though .
It seems to me that whenever we have out of towner guests , our go to place is consistently Katie 's .
Suffice to say , it can be very tasty and fun to eat healthy !
We went on a Saturday morning at 8 am .
We had time before our Busch tour and since Sage is right across the street , we decided to try it .
I ca n't comment on the service , as my wife picks this up and brings it home .
I had a veg plate and all items were wonderful .
The staff is just as amazing as the food ...
The guy who cashed me out just pointed at me indicating I was next .
This place has definitely earned a spot as one of my favorite places for brunch .
There is usually a wait , but its totally worth it .
Yea , I mean it 's good but nothing to keep going back for in my opinion .
But the menu has so many different options and they all looked very good specially the sandwiches .
We ate here again recently and the food and the service were both very good .
My gripe with Dewey 's is that the pizzas are just so salty .
was that it took an hour to get my food , then it was n't that good either .
This was hands down the best Chicago style pizza I have ever had , the sauce and sausage were excellent .
Only thing was the platter came with French fries not something I expect to see at an authentic Greek place .
Like they opened a can and that 's it .
I like the set up , the quaint house is cute ( and well , quaint ) , but I can see how it would n't be ideal it if was jam packed .
We stayed over New Years and the decorations were beautiful .
The bread on the sandwich was great .
I got this sushiya roll and I was more than pleased !
Generally , I 'm more a yeast donut fan but those buttermilk drops were delightful .
A great place if you are staying at one of the local hotel to walk to .
Anyway , gave it 4 stars for now cos it was my first time and it was good .
Lesson learned the hard way .
The service was awesome and the food , even better .
The views are beautiful .
With so many froyo places in STL , it 's rare that I 've visited the same one twice , but Tutti Frutti could become a standby .
They have gotten it wrong every time and then to top it off , they do n't call your name , they call your number .
I am not a big fish eater , and I have no idea why it is so good ...
The fitness center is well equipped and we took advantage of the water cooler and that it was n't crowded .
We have been looking forward to visiting your restaurant as this would have been our first time .
It 's a great place to go just for drinks too since they have good live bands and other events on a regular basis .
Worst chicken tenders ever ! !
Overall , thee meal was good but I think over hyped .
We informed our server that the steak was not cooked properly and I was still waiting on my Farfalle sauce .
The owner and Ex Chef Alex sat with me unexpectedly and we cooked up great food conversation .
In addition , just want to note that I love Maru Global 's red lanterns with the cute octopus fella on em ...
Our waitress today ( Easter Sunday ) was n't friendly , but she was n't rude .
Both were good , but definitely on the small side ( very small , like four to five bites total ) .
He told me there were other requests for the room .
Below mediocre food ; they used cheap shredded cheese and the food tasted bland .
It 's served cold and mixed with dried cherries , onions , and balsamic vinaigrette .
We both loved our sandwiches !
The rice was a little funny tasting , but I do nt think I was use to how they make it .
The staff at the spa are incredibly friendly and professional , but the rest of the staff are sub - par .
I have tried this place twice ever and it was disgusting and greasy both times .
Open space with the coffee bar in the back left corner and ordinary tables and chairs scattered throughout .
My main entre was the beef osso bucco .
Naturally , as an Italian restaurant , they gave us more food than we could eat .
I also did n't really care for my tempura banana .
It was too bad he did n't come back to fill our drinks , so that we can inform him of how dry our brisket was .
Service was average , and the ambiance of the restaurant was quite nice - clean wooden interior with fresh flowers on the table .
When I called she put me on hold 3 times .
The waitress seemed annoyed for most off the time .
The tables a bit cramped , especially the two person tables , and it is n't a particularly group friendly place .
The establishment was cool strait out of the 1960 's felt like I was in a Rocky 1 movie .
The PCH roll was somewhat dry , and while the tuna sashimi and Caterpillar roll were pretty decent I 've still tasted better .
After our meal we asked for a couple of Jaegers and the manager ( ? ) suggested an alternative .
They were occupied when I arrived , but nice touch !
With the chicken and rice , I only received 2 pieces of plantains & paid I 've $ 8 for this meal .
And my sister got the veggie tacos and they were also delicious .
Love those donuts and those all important kastle burgers .
Food was sub - par with tater tots and shrimp being so overcooked that they were inedible .
only to learn that the avocado fries we waited and waited for were no longer available ...
The setting & the excellent cuisine did not disappoint !
The pork meat was thick cut but dry and flavourless .
The food is very good and the dining room is very attractive .
Everything on the food menu is homemade and locally - raised
The first trip I got the sweet potato pancakes which are so fluffy it is like they are made with clouds Delicious .
One of my most favorite bars in Indy .
After a fairly healthy meal , we decided we could treat ourselves to the chocolate banana malt and it was fantastic !
The picture of the pastrami special looked so good , I went to Izenberg 's for lunch and was delighted with my hot sandwich .
Overpriced but hey their in the KOP Mall and everything is higher at least the service is pleasant .
I also heard rave reviews about the gnocci and chicken .
There were two big misses .
The only complaint is that it seems " smoky " inside sometimes like the ventilation does n't work properly in the kitchen .
It was very good and had a lot of short rib meat in it .
The Chicken was a bit rubbery but the sauces were yummy ..
I just had delivery from this location .
I was offered free soup and salad .
Another favorite of mine was the stuffed guinea hen breast for the main course , which was served while I had the bronizini .
Go to the wawa up the street if you need a fresh hoagie .
I got the Vito panini : prosciutto , mozeralla , tomato .
The pizzas are amazing .
The atmosphere is very chill , very cute .
When we went for lunch about 1 month ago , our server was very nice and attentive .
This was a recon mission so we stayed basic as it would determine if we would hit it again !
We also ordered the bacon fat cornbread for an appetizer and let me tell you , this thing was simply delicious .
The tap list ranges from excellent to outstanding .
All I wanted was a large salad tonight and I 'm so mad I just wasted $ 20 .
Most importantly , they are in a wonderful location with a great atmosphere .
We each got started with coffee , which was absolutely fantastic .
I had the blackened fish and grits .
I must eat healthy the rest of the week ! ! ! ! ! !
Not something I 'd do every week , but for the occassional visit to debauchery land , I 'll go here .
We ordered different pastas and baked clams , all very good .
Both times that I visited Luvi , I had to grab gelato at Piccola Gelateria afterwards !
I came in skeptical about their 13 dollar ramen .
The ranch was incredible .
We decided to try several of their BBQ options but sadly , we did n't even get to grill any meat .
The 8 buffalo wings were cooked perfect and the sauce was just enough .
It took me a while to make it in because they close at 4 pm and I 'm usually all at work at that hour .
We normally love the tavern and eat here often .
Amazing dining experience ! ! !
I ask to speak to a manager , and she says that the manager is out doing deliveries .
The staff was all very p , easy to and friendly .
The food was very food , but the service was paaaainfully slow .
So we 've been here a couple times , I decided to review it this time because it really is a wonderful place to come !
they take 15 - 20mins to make them and once they are finally at your table ..... they are harder than a rock .
But then I tasted my 5yrs old mac & cheese and that is a must next time I return !
The interior is nice and the chairs are also super comfortable .
Le Saigon wins the # 1 prize of being the most inconsiderate , rude , and unsafe restaurant on the main line .
This was great , because we only had to wait a couple minutes for a table .
It was not a short walk and we had a TON of stuff , which meant multiple trips .
It 's a nice mom and pop kind of place that serves all kinds of Italian food and its really good .
They taste more like a cupcake than a donut , in my opinion .
Then when delivery came received wrong order .
The kids who work at Roast are friendly .
I had a fried green tomato sandwich and my boyfriend had falafel .
What made me visit was the photo of the shrimp and grits they posted on Facebook .
They were sitting on metal stools like your Grandpa has in his garage .
[ Edit ] : I received a message from a fellow yelper that on the Saturday they went , there was a 30 - 45 minute wait .
The service was painfully slow .
I 'll review Ka'Chi separately but in short the food was good and I 'm glad I waited BUT it really was n't worth the wait .
Everything we had could have been better in some way .
Do n't go here if it is close to closing time cuz they close early .
The food was average and is what you would expect in a tourist spot in the Quarter .
The food came quickly .
* Fries = ( 3.5 ) good
A reservation is highly recommended and I 'm glad we had one for 6:30 as the place was hopping !
It is located within Rittenhouse area , so the parking will be tough .
It was a little bit o a wait to get in but we expected that with a party of 8 .
Adding insult to injury , the fish , sauces and pickled veggies did n't even taste that great .
guess he meant to go to a different table .
Sorry but frankly , there should n't be a 30 minute wait for a single set of rolls .
He 's a great guy and may pick on you time to time , but come on , it 's Sam !
Hubby wanted to visit Oak Street .
So you 're covered on multiple sides there .
She brought me enough water to bring me back to life and made sure I was well taken care of .
That means EVERY customer has to " please pull around because they are so fresh they are just coming out of the oven " .
This speaks of one of two things , improperly trained staff to lack of concern for the final product .
Just had lunch with family here today .
Lackluster food and service ; no locals would ever eat here , for it is known as just a tourist rip - off .
... which is just a rice ball , grilled .
The sangria was great and I loved the bloody mary --- champaign drink was tasty but paled by comparison .
I thought their salad was fabulous - fresh and dressed perfectly .
Local who has visited this place 4 times and EVERYTIME it is absolutely amazing .
Much more friendly at my hometown Qdoba out West .
I was in the mood for trying one of their shakes , so we decided on the Irish Car Bomb .
Okay , this place is my mother 's favorite .
I truly expected more from a burger place owned by St.
Last time we went there , all the dishes we ordered were very delicious and authentic .
Our entrees were both good dessert was an afterthought , and probably best gotten elsewhere .
Each meal was flavorful and delicious !
I was brought here on a recommendation as my family knows how much I love pizza .
Someone told us about Moreno so we gave them a shot !
.. so I went inside thinking I 'd get faster service it was 92 degrees on a Saturday night .
It was a wonderful way to spend a Friday evening .
The mushroom pizza is awesome .
Food ... Good
The grandparents both had the tomato soup and grilled cheese combo .
Very nice on the inside and out .
The staff was super friendly but when I asked them what sandwich was THE sandwich to get he dodged the bullet .
The food was good but I was a bit disappointed with the doro wat which is my favorite dish .
I did n't realize it until another person who ordered Swedish pancakes got theirs ....
I get that it 's new , but I wish he would have just gotten me a new one instead of making me wait another 5 minutes .
The steak salad was very good and cooked to order .
While we were there , most of them were there to purchase the food to go , so the seats were not in high demand .
Overall , we had a lovely dining experience here .
My friend got the Philly Steak and said it was pretty good .
If this restaurant was n't connected to the hotel I 'm staying at I would n't eat here .
We split veal parmigiana dinner and there was enough for 4 of us !
Here 's the thing , this place offers what you wo n't get at Applebee 's or Taco Bell .
I had a spiked caramel latte .... and then I had a 2nd spiked caramel latte .
Also , the calamari was nicely battered and not chewy .
that was the only reason I went there .
I have to say , I do n't get the hype .
Actually , my husband and I usually have a good time too .
Atmosphere is beautiful , upscale and romantic which was exactly what I was looking for .
I 'm all about not wasting food with ridiculously enormous portions , so it really did n't bother me that much ...
Do n't order fish .
I thought the prices were good for the amount of food we got and we were full and happy for the rest of the day .
Flaky , poofy and beautifully golden brown .
My favorite entrees are ( first and foremost ) the Gorganzola stuffed shrimp .
The setting is nice and the music was ok ( although not really jazz ) .
But that 's okay because some of their employees have worked there for like 10 years and know a lot of ingredients and things .
I liked the look of the outside patio by the bar , which you can apparently reserve for a small private event .
The cocktails are yummy ... food is yummy ...
Our waiter returned in due time - about 10 - 15 minutes and we said we were ready to order .
A friend and I were visiting PA for the first time this Memorial Day weekend .
The crackling were just ok .
This place is a great chill spot .
Literally the most racist restaurant I have ever been into in my life .
Asked for a water , served took nearly 10 minutes which is no big deal .
~11PM : Call back and tell them this is ridiculous and to credit my account .
The fruit was fresh , the smoothie well made and flavourful , and was pretty big for a medium size albeit it is a bit expensive .
I pay and then find my seat .
We came on a Thurs night and there was plenty of space to sit , but somewhat busy .
Everyone else , fortunately , ordered fish , pork or steak .
My dumplings were bland and I gave them to the BF to finish , the bento came with 3 and I only ate one .
My glass of wine arrived after the first plate .
And the happy hour special of a jumbo margarita for $ 5.99 was thoroughly enjoyed .
The other part is thankful that if i do consider takeout lunch at a spot nearby , it 's at least good .
When I got there I asked if I could get the farmers omelet with egg whites and my waitress had no idea ( it turns out you can ) .
My food was totally excellent !
I am a beer wimp and I really enjoyed the flavor .
The spring rolls were also good , although definitely not great .
Our server was very eager and a little awkward , but at least the effort was there .
They keep a fire going outside all winter in the patio space which gives the smokers a warm place to huddle .
I was super excited for Soy Bistro after reading so many great reviews , but just thought it was " OK . "
The Alfredo 's special is amazing with lots of fresh veggies , along with meat and pepperoni .
The bread pudding transcends everything .
The wait staff are attentive , friendly , and happy to fulfill any request they can .
I got there , and was disgusted by the appearance of the exterior , then worse interior .
I 'm an ice cream - aholic , so you know it was bad if I could n't bring myself to eat it .
I also tried the Pure de garbanzos which was also very good .
I choose this over Reginelli 's everytime I 'm on Magazine .
It took the 20 min to serve it .
My vegetarian friend came with me and they served her fried Toffu with fish flakes .
So the rest of the party pushed the table back .
I ordered a small pepperoni pizza for the $ 4.99 lunch special .
My moms 60th birthday and she was n't served because she did n't have ID .
My mom used to take me here when i was little and i recently started going here again as an adult .
The food was phenomenal- all of our guests were extremely impressed with the appetizers , salad , and main course selections .
Obviously we know he came to take our food order or dessert order but you say " Is everyone ready ? ..
We had the grilled shrimp - very tasty with garlic and olive oil .
mom and i nipped in for a bite - just had crunchy roll , tuna roll , one order of unagi sushi ( grilled eel ) and veggie tempura .
I am glad I was able to join friend for their reservations at Luke .
Was a little bit of a wait but definitely worth it !
The miso soup is salty and wrong .
When they do answer to take your order , its never friendly or welcoming .
It took a long time for our waitress to take our drink orders .
I found it shocking that this is a chain .
Dessert I ordered was a strawberry rhubarb cobbler .
When the driver dropped the food off , I mentioned that I ordered a smoothie that was n't with my order .
service good ...
I enjoyed the coconut pancakes .
It really looked like the place needed a good mopping , & my burger was getting cold by the time they had my fries out to me .
I ca n't even narrow down for a recommendation ..
Shout out to the cooks !
The bison carpaccio was very good as well .
It is one of the smallest restaurants I have ever seen .
As with the hotel itself , the staff were rather muted - not especially helpful or friendly .
Both eggs came overcooked .
The BBQ Shrimp was totally the BEST dish I have ever eaten ! !
Wings were small and burnt .
The idea of eating room temp eggs and chicken really weirded me out ...
The fries - crisp and flavorful .
What I like about Firehouse is the understandning that a 6 " sub is too small and 12 " is a bit much .
Being able to walk from our hotel to Prohibition was pretty awesome , even if there were a few sketchy corners along the way .
Some bites were super salty and others bland .
The owners actually own the Red Pony and two other restaurants all on the same street !
Soup was not very hot and felt the prices were high considering how much food we got .
The BBQ pork wonton soup was ok .
I am in town for a couple weeks on vacation and happened upon this place as I was driving by .
The service here also left something to be desired ...
Avoid the rental station so you wo n't have to experience the employees .
I was sitting right across from the bartender and I had to ask him for napkins , utensils , and another beer .
The inside of the place is cute and there is an outdoor patio that faces the beach .
The food I 've had is great and very reasonably priced .
Finally , we were seated and the waitress was great .
All in all it 's a pretty good sushi place and I would deff recommend it .
I 've even brought the family over to try it and they enjoyed it very much .
This was more than plenty for breakfast & it was filling , fresh & very tasty .
You were full of life , then .
We order it all the time .
Very unorganized and not handling crowd well .
There 's really no reason to come unless your watching a game but if you want to watch a game this is the best place around .
Huge shout out to ANDREA for setting the trajectory for our entire weekend !
It 's very cool how the high roller room is separated with glass and a bit more quiet in their .
My wife and I figured we would try the boiled calamari which also comes chilled .
Would definitely recommend eating here when you 're in the area !
Great brunch spot- you ca n't go wrong !
We went the day that Greece played Costa Rica in the World Cup .
But when we 're going to the Troc or seeing a show at Arts Underground then we always make Prohibition a stop .
The waitress filled out waters when it was empty and she asked if we needed anything .
This place is sliding downhill fast .
I am all for family recipes but just like what Professor Colonel Sanders told the Waterboy .... Mommas wrong again !
All their locations are pretty good ! !
We happened on Olio and had a nice chat & refreshment with the staff .
The parmesan wings did n't taste as good as they looked , but it was so - so for me .
The seating , the tables and chairs , the crockery and cutlery , and the general feel of the restaurant , is very good .
Big , Moroccan rugs cover the walls , ceiling and chairs .
We went there for a Sunday brunch .
My favorite is banana pancakes ... think banana bread only in a pancake ! !
I 've also had the fish and chips - greasy , flakey , crispy fish and chips .
Never came back to check on the order .
Tender , bright red baby octopi with a sumptious taste of raw octopi and sesame oil .
I had a great time at Tomo !
The atmosphere is festive and there is a nice variety of music in Spanish .
His meat was very dry & not flavorful .
After about 3 minutes , I asked the one dining room server if he could please buss a table for us .
On the expensive side .
The food is always amazing ! !
The service was okay , she hardly came around to our table .
The sauce was very creamy and the topping of melted cheese and crisp bacon crumbles was very tasty .
This seems like a good spot to grab a drink .
The pad thai had too much carrots mixed in with it , imo .
Our waiter was very friendly , yet not too annoying .
My hubby confirmed his catfish was good and well seasoned .
Come here ... don't mind the dusty parking lot ... this is Tucson .
Food and service was delightful !
As a weekly traveler to Arizona , Pita Jungle is a staple restaurant of mine as the food is great and healthy .
Skin was tender and not tough .
The food was good and both of my to - go orders were accurate .
Plus they have CTM every day of the week , where most places only have it on the buffet on Fridays !
I asked for extra peanuts for my vermicelli , .
This ice cream experience was just magnificent .
I love the toastery ! ! !
The dining room has a french country feel and the food presentation is beyond artistic -- it 's stunning .
Waiter checked up on us multiple time while still respecting our need for privacy .
I was eating in the home office and bit into quite a few cold chicken pieces .
I ordered grilled salmon and bugolgi to take home last night .
I ordered coffee and tomato basil soup on a chilly SB afternoon .
Really good happy hour too .
Our food was good but lukewarm .
I regretted that decision the second I got back home so next time , I will be greedy !
I also do n't know where they get their bread , but the roll was also fresh and yummy .
We 're from the Bay Area and I will go back to Reno with Mustard SeeD at the top of my list of places to eat ! !
Beautiful gardens and homes to look at ( duh ) so just enjoy the stroll .
And if you do go , make sure that you double check on the order so you do n't get cheated .
So I went on the recommendation of people online , and my friend who loves it here , but I was sorely disappointed .
=] I 've had a good amount food there and they 're all pretty good .
The servers are very knowledgeable of their menu and their wine offerings .
Great place great lunch and even better great waitress Gail ... you made our afternoon !
Asha , our waitress , made us feel welcome and offered her expertise on this delicious new menu .
After tip and drink , I ended up paying roughly 60 cents each for my 15 wings ( $ 9.00 ) .
and they 're dog friendly ( at least on the patio ) which is a plus for me .
The cost was a little pricey but so worth it .
When I waited a sufficient amount of time , they brought out someone else 's before mine .
Hobnobber is close to my office , and the older male employees make a point to go here weekly .
its done right if its cooked to the perfect medium I ordered .
And while I did n't partake on my most recent visit , I also highly recommend the garlic knots .
They always say , " We 're sorry , we suddenly got really busy , its on its way . "
I will try to eat there once again when I know that day they are smoken fresh Q .
IF the weather permits , you are much better sitting outside , since its crowded and quite loud inside .
The Jasper Ave location pales in comparison , so make sure to go to the South one .
Went last night before his company Christmas jamboree and the food and service were wonderful !
We ordered just one order ( which has 3 beignets ) but I kinda wish I had my own personal order ... oh well .
My GF wore her coat throughout the meal .
Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here a few weeks ago .
I would def recommend this cafe to anyone .
The decor is very fun and creative and the service personable and warm .
I do n't like Panera either , so if you think the food there is awesome maybe you will like this place more than I did .
I do n't minding waiting but all the servers look buys but they do n't do anything just hang around .
The only thing I did like was the fries , that 's it .
Some bites were delicious ; others were not .
She responded with " you 've been trespassed and get a subpoena if you want the video " .
Do n't order this if you ca n't do spicy foods .
We had just been in a large group who dropped $ $ $ $ on drinks , snacks at the sister restaurant Tinto next door too .
I went to Edley 's on a double date and everyone was extremely satisfied with their meal .
The rest went into the trash .
It was just as fun and hip as others say .
My personal favorites are the 7th street Sicilian and the Benton Park .
Great service and really enjoyed the lively atmosphere at the bar .
I like the hipstery feeling of this place , and everything I 've ordered has been delightful .
The only real issue was the selection of dressings , only 2 , but very good house salads !
The shrimp corn dogs are so good , and at only $ 2 each a really amazing deal !
There was something that caught my eye about this former coffee shack on the side of Manchester ...
Today I called the restaurant repeatedly to see what time they served lunch till .
We were offered the opportunity to add an additional item , bit chose not to .
This was a fun place to visit for a light dinner and some great entertainment with the kiddies !
Once I was on my own I did n't return for any particular reason .
I believe if you went up the stairs , there was a bar up there ( although , probably another establishment ) .
Someone at the table was dissatisfied with their meal and it went on deaf ears .
Each time , the experience has been outstanding .
We 're not fussy people by any means ... just wanted a little more ( not extra ) attention especially considering the occasion .
The guys do a great job cooking them and the vegetable dishes are very tastefully done and the desserts are good as well .
I have to say all of its pretty good , but I loved the prime rib cheeseburgers and the dip .
I asked for the steak to be cooked medium rare , and it was definitely on the rare side .
I was paranoid there would n't be any tables , because that 's how I am whenever I go somewhere with an above - average Yelp !
We also tried the short ribs which were exceptional and sized just right .
Staff was very nice .
For an entreeI got the rabbit medallions , which came in a lovely savory sauce , mashed potatoes , and vegetables .
Did I mention the great price--$8 / dozen ? !
But for $ 19 ( not including tax + gratuity ) we got 4 rolls and 4 pieces of nigiri .
This is hands down the best place for hookah I 've been to outside of my home , and my boyfriend , a certifiable expert , agreed .
I know they also have half price wine night on Wednesday 's ( I think ) ...
Her grits were creamy and the shrimp cooked and seasoned perfectly .
We were probably the loudest table as we could not help but have a great time last night .
It was really dense ; almost a fudge consistency .
As soon as we sat down I asked if we could order an appetizer to start ( since everyone was hungry and it was already 8 pm ) .
Having lived in Louisiana during graduate school , we know a thing or two about boudin and were looking forward to it .
Well the 20 + times I 've been here before beg to differ .
It 's a basic vegetable , so ...
I ca n't say the same about the staff .
Since i was very much looking forward to this , Either there good chef was off duty or its just taken a nose dive .
We plan on returning for sure , because the sushi was great , the service was fantastic and the ambiance was lovely .
The juice was great !
I arrived to a nearly empty restaurant on Sunday night with no one to greet me ; actually , no one there at all !
I really was very comfortable at this establishment and well tell the rest of fellow Yelpers to hit this spot ! ! !
I got the curry goat .
The veal was crispy and delicious just like a proper parmesan dish .
So I picked out the mushrooms and ate it anyway .
) The teriyaki wings were really good .
I was n't being on my toes I guess , but I still feel a little ripped off .
This location is the biggest rip - off in the area second only to carrabba 's .
Thought we 'd hit gold .
The fried green tomatoes were nice and had a tangy sauce on the side .
They were out of many things at the drink area ( lids , napkins ) .
Thin - crust but still saucy and cheesy enough that I was able to fold it and really enjoy each slice .
There are options for everyone , and the food is prepared with such quality my mouth waters just waiting for it .
Crunchy on the outside and super soft and fluffy on the inside .
The first time we went , we had reservations and still waited 2 hours to be seated .
Good Lord , the shrimp and grits !
It 's very casual and is not high volume at all .
All worth coming back for , but oh , the apple fritters .
If that 's the case , then that 's why I 'm giving three stars rather than one .
She made no effort to correct the problem or respect my busy time .
Food and drinks were reasonably priced , with nice happy hour specials , and my veggie quesadilla was seriously outstanding !
Makes you wonder if the owner or franchisee knows that .
My daughter got the veggie omelette and was also very pleased .
The wait staff was just average .
The bartender was fantastic and the waiters were very friendly .
Chicken was plentiful in the take out dish .
Definitely a new favorite .
The fries were the thin kind , more flavorful but perhaps a bit less potato and a bit more oil .
The crust was very thin ( thinner than say Zavino and a lot like Pitruco ) .
The appetizers we ordered were really good - seared tuna tacos and jones nachos .
I would give the cheesecake five stars and that 's the only thing I would ever get from here again !
So ... we visited GC for the first time on a rainy Thursday evening .
The server was not as attentive as I would have liked and I had to ask for water several times .
I dig Three Muses , because it 's close to the touristy French Quarter , but is so totally , refreshingly Marigny .
We were n't in a hurry and I was happy to wait for fresh food !
The cake was yummy , but very rich .
The only reason Phat 's did n't get five stars was because of the Big Jerk .
I had the crab meat omelet with avocado and brie which was amazing too .
Fresh garlic , fresh basil .
Absolutely love this place !
Tonight we decided to go to Pappy 's around 7 pm , hoping they still had some bbq left because it was a Wednesday night .
The food was soo good , made to order , and the people were really friendly .
I finally ended up taking the stairs , which exit onto the street , and re - entering the hotel from the front to get to breakfast .
Congrats guys , now I finally know why prison inmates riot over the food being served .
We had the risotto balls and the spinach / cheese stick things and I ca n't remember the third .
Went for breakfast .
Between the hookah and the IPA beers , we left Aladdin very happy .
We also got oysters on a half shell which had bent baked with cheese on them .
Only downside is the long wait , especially on Sundays .
They also have Conecuh sausage which was a surprise because it is a South Alabama thing .
The potato skins were horrible and you could tell we 're heated in the microwave .
I do n't mind placing orders for both at the same time , but they should definitely plan out the timing a little better .
Ca n't wait to try their Fish And Chips which seems to be their signature dish .
Light and refreshing !
Sweet little patio overlooking the street and indoors seating too .
Both had plenty of veggies , rice , and other goodies stuffed and rolled tight in their wraps .
We also ordered the roast beef sandwich .
I have recently moved to the Indy area and have found this a nice place to go and eat with coworkers .
I had their tuna salad on multigrain baguette , and it was the perfect mushy tuna vs perfectly - toasted bread combo .
One of those " you ca n't go wrong here " restaurants .
The texture was a bit chewy and the breading was n't very flavorful .
Who does n't want a sign that says , " I 'm the woman to blame " ?
My husband loved it , I thought it was a tad too salty .
It 's an eternal climate controlled springtime full of gardens and rivers and waterfalls under an expansive glass ceiling !
As I was eating , I noticed that there was not much chicken between the two layers of tortilla .
Sweet potato fries were excellent .
The little old lady working in the back is the rudest woman I have ever met .
As I said prior , the ambiance is lovely , the decor is SO just want to take it home .
The mixed drinks were excellent .
However , they were oily and soggy - probably were not fried at the correct temperature .
Apparently when the kitchen gets backed up , they do that , lol .
I finished my night with a glass of port accompanied by the the pie in a jar .
Amazing flavor , and a smoky , meaty feel though it is meatless .
I was very happy with the hostesses as well .
I also tried samples of the Chicken Pot Pie soup and the Macaroni and Cheese soup ( yes , mac and cheese soup ! ) .
I got a plate that was literally covered in so much oil that my bennies were swimming .
It 's always crowded and it 's best to sit outside in season .
Which is unfortunate because you can tell the owners really have tried ...
The sushi rolls , delicately set out , offered a clean and distinct taste variety .
Our server and the staff were great .
The crust is so thin that the pizza is cold within a few minutes and it was just a little floppy and bland .
If crowds or people hovering over you while dining makes you feel uncomfy , this likely is n't the place for you .
Jackson 's is near and dear to my heart for several reasons .
This hotel is HUGE .
I went to the restroom and came back out and put $ 3 on the bar , because I needed to " tip " to use the restroom .
I woke up the next day , thinking about the burger I consumed the night before at the Village Whiskey .
We enjoyed the char - grilled oyster appetizer , but I thought it was missing " something " .
But the real star was the Greek Chicken Soup that my husband ordered .
I would say it 's the perfect place to eat before watching a move at Malco !
I 'm shocked that this is a departmental thing 1 and 2 I 'm thinking to myself , " I 'm in sales .
It 's all self serve ( shitty ) coffee and bottled beverages .
I had the fish tacos they were good but not amazing .
I also had their collard greens and mac and cheese .
This is a fun Nashville institution , Ben Fold 's Five recently posted a photo here .
A couple months ago we made the mistake of getting there on a weekend around 10 am or so and there was over an hour wait .
Trust they are from stingy with the portions .
But I did have to blot a good amount of oil off the potatoes and the bottom of the dish .
Riesling was nice and the coldwater scallops appetizer was my favorite .
But you have to pay full price for wings , no special for you . "
Ppl this is a chain , you really think this is quality food and dining ? ?
I ordered half of a turkey sandwich and a side of the chick pea and feta salad .
The sauces that came with it were OK , not great .
The chicken was on the rare side and the slaw was meh .
We dine here regularly , and the food and service is consistently top notch .
He did bring it shortly , but I realized later that the hostess took water to another table so maybe that was n't his job ? ?
Service is warm and attentive .
There was a new appreciation and connection to sound that I left with that transforming evening ...
The service was good , too .
I was very excited to try this place .
My friend had heard that it got good reviews so we decided to try it out .
Arrived around 1 pm on a Thursday and the place was mostly empty .
He laughs at you the whole time you order , moves so slow , does n't respond when spoken to , and gives the most disturbing looks .
However , unfortunately because we are limited by imperfection we are unable to satisfy every desire dreamed .
Well I was in the area today and saw the " Now Open " sign and decided today would be the day .
Great food , great drinks and Vann was one off THE BEST WAITERS we have EVER had ! ! !
My boyfriend and I ate here for our first meal in Nashville .
But did n't offer us a re - done sandwich or a refund or anything .
Village Whiskey does n't take reservation , but that 's because the place is small !
He came back apologetically alluding to some issue and promised it would come soon .
They scanned a photo for the half - sheet ( easily fed 30 ppl ) and it came out great .
$ 8 for a take out order of one CA roll and it was packaged like it was from a grocery store .
Kudos to the manager and hard - working team there !
The desert was the hot chocolate cake which is basically a lava cake along with coffee .
They brought out the Korean chili paste in a separate bottle , so you can add as much as you want .
There was n't any sauce on this , but man , it did n't need it .
We left disappointed with the food and service .
The chips , salsa , and cheese dip were fantastic .
I wanted to eat it all up while at the same time savor every last bite .
Food was mediocre though .
The flavors were perfect .
To which I demanded my 30 % tip back .
The only saving grace to the evening was the great waiter .
In my stall someone smeared their feces on the wall .
Food was well prepared and fresh .
Many people have fond memories of the days when Christian 's was a big thing .
My turkey burger and my husband 's Kobe Beef burger came out ice cold .
We were sat right away on a Saturday night at 7:30pm because of our reservation !
And people tell me it 's the best .
Having grown up in the south I equate fried food with comfort .
I chose the bar .
Really nice atmosphere and ambiance .
My daughter had the breakfast burrito and she totally loved it .
The feta was n't harsh or dry -- everything blended perfectly .
There is no accountability from management or servers .
The owner called my friend and gave us a complimentary dessert , and invited us to dine in in the future .
We tried the sweet potato tempura roll , and I forget what they were called but # 29 and # 39 on the menu .
In fact it 's burnt around the edges which leaves a charcoal taste in your mouth .
We shared a gyro plate and were able to get half potatoes and half rice .
The hostess could n't figure out how to split our checks .
We got a good mix of the small plates and loved them all .
The eggplant bruschetta was great .
A guy sits perched on one of the upper floors playing the harp a few times a day ... lovely to enjoy from the atrium !
Loved their old booth with the soap opera radio player .
I mentioned it to the server ...
I do n't know much about the other options because the first time I went I ordered mussels and ordered them ever since .
Charles Zea will always have a place in my heart .
Sides : We ordered two large french fries ( $ 4 each ) to share between four people and it was exactly enough .
The service was very slow and I paid for the cake before I picked it up .
I took a chance with The Praline Connection and walked in .
The service was great and atmosphere was cozy .
The service was great , and they had a nice selection of beers !
The steak and shake next door was so busy they had to close , and I should have known since no one was in line at Wendy 's .
The food was good and our server was GREAT !
He even brought us a sample of their famous margarita when we dithered in choosing our beverage .
Loved the passion fruit drink too .
You moved , no there 's no seats , And you 're selling tampons and toilet paper and dog food ? !
Somehow , on the 3 - block walk home , the sandwich became extremely soggy .
The waitress left my bill on the table - $ 54 .
I took my first bite and was in deep dish heaven .
When we got to the veggies , the owner told me I could pick whichever and how many I wanted .
For entrees I ordered the vegetarian fajitas and my sister ordered the vegetarian quesadilla .
The decor is industrial .
We also had a raw tuna salad that was absolutely amazing !
Sittin ' on the patio 's pretty cool .
A couple of the times I 've been there they treated us to free hummus and pita , which is always a plus .
I had the chicken adobo and menudo and it was great .
The pancakes are amazing and the service was excellent too .
This was our first pizza place in Philly and we loved it !
Kitchen is definitely understaffed and place is poorly managed ...
Freshest guacamole I 've ever tasted .
I know I am shamelessly gushing but if you read my other reviews then you will know that it 's not typical .
The service is fast and attentive .
I really liked the restaurant 's food and atmosphere !
It was just okay - almost like a pork belly carpaccio ( in texture and thickness ) .
I did not eat it right away and stashed it in the car to eat it at home .
Much to my dismay , the Big Scoop had already closed for the season .
When we went to register the seafood platter was still on the bill so waitress went to get manager .
All was cooked properly , and the chef was entertaining and efficient .
It 's 21 + after 5 , but as far as I could tell you smoking is only allowed outside on the covered patio .
He had about 4 briskets and 8 pork butts cooking and they looked delicious .
I really enjoy coming here for dinner .
Dishes were hit or miss .
I think a lot of people would have had a hard time finishing it .
The papaya tea is awesome , potato soup is great , the French baguette was nice and crunchy but too chewy for me .
I ate there 3 times that week !
The beef in my taco tasted as if it had n't been seasoned with anything at all .
The food was really good and looked good judging other people 's plates .
I never got disappointed every time I came here .
He said the duck meat was tasty , but the amount was very small .
Enjoyed the shrimp poboys ...
The fried plantains were n't even good ...
So many people have raved about this place , and now I know why .
This is the best place in town for great Chinese food .
The donuts are eclectic & delicious .
That being said , I probably wo n't go back to LB unless there 's another Groupon deal .
My food showed up about five minutes after everyone else 's .
My daughter and I tried the sushi bowl .
It was nice and tender , but was on the edge of dry .
( $ 10 I think ) The Santa Barbra tri tip sandwich was excellent !
Customer service was really good .
This place was had lots of New Orleans type dishes .
In other words , it 's a great value as well .
My friend and I tried the blue duck fries to start with which were great !
This place used to be a goto place whenever I am in Indianapolis , which is 5 - 6 times a year .
It would be great if I could gush over everything we experienced , however the truth is you should come here .
The uni was very fresh and was served on fresh scallop and lime .
Servers very attentive and polite .
Although I ca n't be 100 % certain , I do assume she works there .... she was carrying a server apron and other items in with her .
Let 's not forget about the sauces , and the onion rings ...
It is family run with attention to the details .
Took 1/2 hour in the drive thru to get a chocolate chip milk shake and they still made it wrong .
Food was strictly average , the service was simply terrible .
The strombolis on the other hand are delicious .
Unlike their cousins in the Chesapeake , these Gulf Coast crabs are " free swimmers " , which means bigger crabs and more meat .
OK well the food is good -- obviously , I did n't expect any less , but the waitresses were so darn nice .
I 'm leaving a review because the Delbert service at this place was terrible .
All in all , this place has more of a cafe feel than diner- it 's very pleasant and clean indoors , and just has a happy vibe .
The bacon and fruit were sad for $ 5 each .
I went through the drive thru and ordered a KFC value meal .
Tried this place out this morning due to the relatively cheap price and good reviews and I was VERY disappointed .
Enjoyed a great dinner at the bar on a cold February night .
The GF got a glass of red and form the start the service was really good .
This past Sunday at 12:40 at night ( I guess that would make it Monday by then ... ) I got the biggest craving for a pizza .
The acoustics of the hall are simply and totally consuming .
And the restaurant is nicely decorated and laid out .
The pickle chips ( fried pickles ) -- awesome as well !
I know I should n't expect much but everything I asked for that was on the drive thru menu was not available .
We also had their Philly cheesesteak sandwich and a BLT and Brie , both sandwiches were amazing !
I got the jalapeño cheese bread and it was tasteless and dry .
The people here are really nice and read back the order .
They are stuffed in goat cheese and there are globs of goat cheese on the outside .
I also absolutely love their green rice .
My family and I had the burger and was really good .
It 's nice to have another good option for lunch on the East side .
The experience is awesome .
There are much better places in the area .
Sorry Silver mine you have lost my business forever .
More to the point , though : fries and a cheese plate are n't a meal .
I had the worst experience here .
I especially love the chicken and gnocchi soup so freaking good .
The donuts were out of this world ( I ca n't believe they have new ones everyday ) !
However , the service is the most horrible I have ever experienced .
The lamb that I had was fantastic , but I really did n't taste the dijon or boursin .
The rice was n't crunchy the last few times and it seems much fresher .
We had to insist on taking a table .
They refused to give me water !
I called ahead about 10 minutes before I got there , ordered a whole chicken with mashed potatoes , slaw and mac and cheese .
The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly .
The wings were excellent top notch .
It is a decent place .
The service was mediocre at best .
We started with hummus - not my choice .
I wish I had tried the food at the cafe though , it looked ( and smelled ) amazing .
The dish it 's self was great , I loved it ! !
I 'd cut the woman some slack if I saw a doctor 's note certifying that she was really mute , but she was n't sharing .
The staff is great - especially Alfredo who , no matter how busy he is , always has a kind word for his customers .
Carol and her staff are consummate professionals in every way .
We were told by our server that the menu changes weekly .
I got the pastrami , egg , and cheese .
The food was authentic and satisfied my Trinidadian mother !
I usually go here because it 's close to my appointments .
A perfect lunch on a cheating day !
Same with the corn dog .
My companion had the duck .
I would have given them 3 stars for food , 4.5 for beer and 1 for service so that 's how I came up with two stars .
Honestly to us , it was good to have bigger rolls , so we were cool with that .
Now let me mention I love ceviche , my favorite being the Peruvian versions .
The first order came out in about 5 minutes which was amazing .
I had to eat it with a fork .
Historically , most of the time I was too hung over to recall how we got there , but thankful that I had arrived .
Same goes for the curly fries .
A little chaotic on Friday , but that 's part of the charm .
The BLT had thick perfectly cooked bacon .
This is the second time I 've had this sort of experience here .
Bellies are full and we are very pleased to have found our go - to Mediterranean food .
However , I have had their shredded beef and shredded pork and both are fantastico ! !
The worst General Tso 's chicken ever .
They ran out of clean glasses and we had to wait for our drinks .
SatCo does n't do much well besides the queso .
I had the enchiladas carnitas , which were sublime in both taste and presentation .
Truffle fries okay
It was firm and not soggy ( like Stella ) nor did it taste like a salitine cracker ( like Slice ! ) .
Once it 's peeled , I dip it into the sauce and savor every tasty morsel .
Good spot !
This was just the thing we needed to get our quick oyster fix ...
Loved the egg curry !
We usually do lunch somewhere else in town , but now that we have found this gem , this will be our new desert spot !
Had the smoked pork steak it was excellent - so tender it was falling to pieces !
and unfortunately they came all stuck together in a jumble .
Our first signal .
The Phoenix , described in such a mouth - watering fashion , fell very short of my expectations .
Food just arrived , entire meal was inedible .
The service was excellent and the food was perfect .
In the end , it makes the experience frustrating , annoying , and extremely discouraging to try anymore of their food .
While I was in the bathroom my boyfriend stopped her to ask for some waters and to hear about the dessert menu .
3 : I would say the biggest " Con " in the food is sometimes the run out .
The grits had very little flavor .
Was a decent place .
Could be a problem if you were n't planning on having a beer at lunch , cuz you really must .
With it being so close to Macdill AFB it can get really busy at times , but once inside you will know why it stays so busy .
Food was n't terrible not impressive .
We had the black eyed peas with fried onion crisps as a side , they were great .
The wait was crazy for people who came in even tho there were plenty of tables .
I realized I 'm getting a bit long winded so ...
Tried a couple of different things , everything was delicious !
Mac n Cheese is only available on certain days but those must be the best days because it was very good too .
It was very good , the noodle rolls were like no other !
There was no attempt to make things right or explain .
Love the pizza here ! !
It 's a great place to go if there are suhshi fans and non fans in your group .
It 's a bit crowded near the ordering counter .
I had turtle soup , pecan coated puppy drum , and bread pudding .
The Beef was tender and had a lot of taste and everything was seasoned well .
they were cooked perfect and the flavoring on both were amazing .
I was sad to see that they no longer have the steak & colossal shrimp :( The food was good and the prices are great !
Food was very good ( egg fu young with chicken , chicken lo mein , chicken with broccoli ) .
Tables around us were at no time cleared off / cleaned .
We had a Groupon to use for this dinner that cost us $ 20 for $ 40 worth of food .
The seasonal bruschetta was the best bruschetta I 've ever had .
As this was the 1st stop in a progressive dinner , we ordered only the famous pupusas and tamales .
312 has been one of my first experiences , along with a couple others .
Last time we go ....
I never used it , I never checked .... but maybe there is no bathroom for customers there !
Louis brewing community is at least your equal , now .
I hope they can turn around - we use to love this place ..
I felt like I was one of the herd at the school cafeteria .
Excellent service and the hamburgers!!We highly recommend cocktails are also wonderful and Alexis was the best ! !
I was at the Red Sombrero on Saturday night and had their fish tacos , I asked for them with out the taco shell .
During the first piece , I was overwhelmed by the senses of emotion from the insight into sounds surreal .
Best donut shop in STL ! ! !
On the way back home if traveling on Route 42 instead of the AC Expressway I always stop at Licio 's .
There are 4 actual tables outside with clear views of Santa Barbara .
These things are amazing .
A good bang for your buck too !
We ordered the toasted ravs for an appetizer .
-lastly , vegetarian chiliquales : on the dry side .
I 've been there many times over the past few years , including my own large group birthday dinner a few years back .
The environment left us feeling as though we were at a beach bar & restaurant .
My wife and I shared our meals and she absolutely fell in love with kebabs !
So glad I found this place !
As long as the food is great , it does n't matter .
All the locals were running in , saying hi to the owner and ordering up their usual 's .
Not knowing Carpinteria at all , we yelped the best lunch and Padaro came up .
I decided I had to do the touristy thing and stop at the St.
The plantains were served in a weirdly sweet brown sauce , like a bad platanos maduros .
For my main course I got the Italian panini , it was very good .
Food was very fresh and well made , I eat on the regular !
i really wanted to try something different but i did nt wanna spend 5 mins on the phone inquiring about the menu to do so .
Seating is non - existent in the restaurant , but there is a community patio next to Castrillo 's .
It fell right off the bone !
The drinks were delivered by someone other than our server .
Our appetizers come out about 5 - 10 mins apart .
Just tried this place today and WOW - now that 's a tasty burger - like from my childhood good .
I mostly order pupusas and the huevos rancheros , but you ca n't go wrong with any of the dishes at this place .
The pizza is delicious and fresh .
( OK , so I just glanced over at Simon E. 's review of this same WaWa and he says the vibe is upbeat , and that is def .
- Praline Napoleon - Good , but the accompanying coffee ice cream was quite strong .
Also learned our server was the assistant manager ...
I 'd recommend making the effort to go to the Park & University location , even if parking on university is annoying !
Since the sandwiches were cut in half we shared those too so each of us could have both flavors .
I 'm so glad I found this place and did n't have to spend $ 30 lol
Gave me my complete order and offered to go boxes if we needed it !
This was not a great experience
My husband got the special that day - pork burger .
I 'm happy to say I 'm a Smiley 's regular , and will sing their praises to whoever will listen .
Have eaten at this place 3 times .
Adorable little downtown area that you 'd never expect from such a small town .
When greeted at the door by a nice man it made me sit down .
Very satisfying , the bread was edible and not overly toasted , and the tomato topping was very fresh .
There are plenty of other restaurants you can go to , do n't waste your precious time and hard earned money on this dump !
Our waitress was no better .
Organic , free range , grass fes etc .
The apple fritters here are so good as well ! ! !
It was a little expensive for a casual lunch , but worth the experience .
Probs would n't come back .
The lot is dark and isolated and there are not visible security personnel around .
Sometimes I feel like I 'm sitting on top of other diners , which may be an issue for some , but it 's never bothered me .
Definitely check it out if you 're in the neighborhood , or if you have jury duty , etc .
She said no , but it would have been nice if the waitress had brought over a sample .
Only reason why I did n't give 5 stars is # 1 - I did n't eat their food but mom enjoyed .
I had the BLT with turkey and avocado and it was delicious .
The presentations of the food too were beautiful and a good Sized portion as well .
Was really glad to find this little breakfast diner - style cafe in North St Pete .
The crispy artichokes were very good .
There was hardly any cheese at all but about 2 cups of that weird ranch " like " dressing .
Razor thin slices of garlic dotted the fresh tomato sauce .
I had the shrimp and grits ( $ 20 ) and it was delicious !
My falafel wrap was amazing ( there are pickles ! ) The falafel is crisped up nicely and has a great texture .
I 've only been twice , and both times was great .
Though , the worst part of my experience was the barista .
The jalapeno peppers were nice .
We received our salads with home made Ciabatta bread croutons .
But the salad was alright .
The decorations for the holidays and great and fun .
Three girlfriends and I decided to have a ladies ' night and were on hot pursuit of some lobster tails .
This is an awesome place in a great location !
I would like to say that our waiter , Javier , was kind , professional , and efficient .
This place was by far the best food we had around Tampa .
I knew this would freak some people out .
The Fina was turkey and ham on a toasted roll with a nice honey mustard and onions .
Excellent experience .
A little pricey , but great atmosphere !
Had the crepes with fruit .
It was a lighter option but still very flavorful and delicious .
The soup was very tasty as I never had coconut soup before .
The place is small and tight everything is everywhere .
the staff was very friendly , the food phenominal .
My waiter was named Dave , and he was exceptional .
Service was efficient and the waiter was very pleasant .
Yes , the line is long but it 's in a cute neighborhood so you can enjoy the surroundings while you wait .
My garlic butter steak was delicious , but my fiancé 's sirloin was not seasoned .
I had lemongrass chicken and crab rangoon , the lemon grass chicken and rice was fantastic .
It was made fresh and with plenty of meat ! !
Do n't make a special trip here , but if its on your block and you need to eat some eggs and stuff , they have them .
The decor is modern and elegant .
She was rude and had a nasty attitude .
My some received a burger and fries which he ate and was happy with .
The Key Lime pie is beyond amazing .
This is a must stop breakfast spot when you 're in New Orleans .
We first ordered the dumplings ( beef that night ) and they were excellent .
It 's just not good enough , and who wants to go to a restaurant that 's a crap shoot ?
My hubby and I started off sharing the mussels in red sauce and when it came , I could n't believe how many mussels there were !
This was the most interesting meal I 've had in a long time .
I figured out why when i got to the bottom of the metal shaker cup and all the malt powder was stuck to the bottom of the cup .
Now to my usual order of Pad See Ew , I was n't too impressed .
Also , the steak was not too bad , just slightly burnt .
It was full of flavor and very filling .
I was surprised how many people wanted to wait , by the time they got seated to eat they would have already had their food !
Then John confused my complaint , thinking I 'd received sweets when I wanted plain fries .
The chicken was phenomenal .
apparently the wingz were good .
The sushi chefs are very attentive and give you super fast service !
After my complaint , they even admitted it .
Food was suck ! ! !
Totally recommend this restaurant .
Wawa is like a beacon in a cold , dark world .
And yes that young man was nice butt by then my lunch was already ruined by that horrible excuse of a roast pork sandwich .
I very much enjoyed the house salad .
A happy and satisfying out - of - the - blue discovery today .
As for as the food goes , I 'm sure you wo n't be disappointed !
What is the big deal with this place , anyway ?
Our server was knowledgeable , prompt and had a sense of humor .
We ( my husband and I ) each had a beer flight which is my favorite way of exploring what the establishment has on tap .
This place was NOT in a crowded area , but off kind of in the middle of nowhere next to like a Subway or something .
The bacon garlic oysters were average , at best .
My hot lemon pepper wings were also pretty good .
I also really like how the hoods are part of the grilling area so there 's not this bulky hood on top of each table .
Food was n't much to rave about and the service was mediocre .
The kid had a chicken tender kids meal which was $ 5 .
I got the mint Oreo cookie brownie and it was off the hook delicious .
They use fresh local ingredients and the difference comes through in every bite !
The only thing that the owners and bartenders care about are the gamblers that get over - served and gamble there daily .
Pretty good place it only gets 4 stars because I like the one in carrollwood better that is the best one .
I ordered the chicken enchiladas and was rather pleased with them .
The atmosphere is very cool -- I love the furniture !
Burgers were not bad - I ordered the blue cheese burger and it would have been better with less blue cheese , way too much !
Came down from Jersey after seeing the Dan Band perform , which was phenomenal !
Pei Wei is the American version of the Asian cuisine .
Second time I was in , there was literally no one behind the counter or anywhere in sight for almost 10 minutes .
The small plates were small not tiny .
However , the wait staff we talked to was very awkward , not helpful , and made me want to run out of there .
Mediocre bbq and service .
Not sure how to feel about this place after waking up this morning with extreme abdominal pain and being stuck in the bathroom .
The slices were thin , with a wonderful crust that was both soft and also had a bit of a toothsomeness to it .
I had the Wanderer skillet , my wife had the Taco 's duo , and my kids had the Plaincakes with chocolate chips .
I enjoyed the mac - n - cheese and the deviled eggs which were awesome .
The vibe in this place is usually so fun ; it was sad to be in there both ordering and listening to other people order .
Very rude employees and quite dirty .
My only complaints was very limited WiFi and the common area could be very warm and humid some days .
highly recommend getting those pancakes ! !
As a more recent addition to the Bailey 's group of restaurants , L'Acadiane is on par with the quality they are well known for .
Kermit Ruffins threw a party in the suite directly below us on 4th of July , which was pretty amazing .
The seafood pasta with cauliflower was okay .
It 's starting to feel shady , I would n't even feel comfortable taking my small children here ( if I had any , which I do n't ) .
My mom had the cortado which she raved about .
Did the entire bottle option for mamosas and it was such a deal .
Once the advertisements were done and the movie started , that 's when I noticed something was n't right .
My husband ordered the shrimp , which cost $ 18.99 .
There are some really nice amenities , especially the shopping .
And , as with everything else in New Orleans , you can take your drink with you .
We shared the small dishes but there are also larger dishes available to order .
I live about 20mins away and this place is worth the drive every time .
But , they 're new and I 've been in hospitality before , so I get it !
I have no complaints ! !
Richie Rich was wonderfully nice and knew the perfect entrée for us by only a few clues to what we like .
Needless to say there was no tip !
I ordered a pork chop that was awesome-- I highly recommend it !
I did bring this to the attention of the manager who offered comp drinks and to remove one of my friend 's items from the check .
Other than that , the experience was great .
I had the tofu eggplant , which had a tasty sauce and the eggplant was freshly grilled .
- we thought , given the size and quality of the wine book .
Some of the dishes were excellent but two people in our group got carne seca chimis and they were both inedibly dry and greasy .
We had a group of three on a busy Sunday morning and only waited about 30 minutes .
I got my chicken wings naked with the sauce on the side to fully experience each sauce separately .
Normally if one thing in my order was wrong I would n't mind at all .
Since I was staying at the Hilton next door , I decided to go out of convenience .
I purchased a groupon and in the Q&A section , someone had asked if it was valid for takeout and the answer was yes .
You 'd think that might encourage them to send someone out to do some cleanup , but no .
The goat cheese omelette and hatchery sandwich are delicious .
Service sucks big time and the manager is downright nasty , but I must say their soups and coffee are good
Stunning view is an understatement .
Loving all the extra crust ( I 'm a crust lover ) .
I ended up having the catfish sandwich and it was great !
Both times the food was excellent .
Fresh blueberries and blackberries and crunchy granola .
My mom and my husband love those fresh spring rolls .
My friend ordered the french toast and it was not impressive .
The popcorn chicken was excellent the first few times , but the last two times it was overly salty and soggy .
The customer service is outstanding and the food was very good .
For Italian food .....
Parking tough but look around . !
And the food was fantastic .
We paid before we got the rice- yelling as we ran out-
The sponge shopping did n't help so they stopped in a little restaurant with mediterranean murals all over the walls .
This is the third time in a row we 've had problems with our meal .
From the specail imported products to the butcher block you wo nt be disappointed .
The salmon tasted fresh and the miso was on point .
Very tender and juicy and the potato hash was wonderful !
Plus , 1/2 price wine Mon - Thurs did not disappoint .
so my opinion for this one would be very biased ...
You can hear almost every conversation in the room : some conversations not necessarily appropriate for dining .
We got the chips and salsa & salsa Verde .
Good thing I did not have to wait long .
I always get a kick of the large painting in the lobby , done in a traditional Spanish style , of a cat sitting atop a horse .
Best cannoli ever ! ! !
Very nice decor !
The pizza is really good and the crust is very tasty !
We started with the lamb lollipops , oysters Iberville and stuffed prawns .
Cue my body starting to sweat , and my cheeks starting to blush because I 'm sorry that I have to send the food back ...
Typical Taco Bell food -- warm , greasy and yummy ... except they forgot my bean burrito ... bitches .
I 'm not sure I liked it as much as some of the other reviewers , but was better than I expected .
Thank you for a lovely experience .
I 'm somewhat of a gyro snob , they hold a special place in my heart , and I believe simplicity is best with them .
If you have a car - which I never recommend in the French Quarter - you can drive the bridge instead of taking the ferry .
Seems like a bit of a waste if I 'm sitting at a table and am handed my food in a plastic bag when I do n't need one .
My husband ordered the Elk medallions , they were cooked perfectly .
Ambiance is nice and very friendly staff .
This is a must stop spot while in Ybor !
I was intending to get a quick bite , but ended up sharing a burger and an order of duck fat fries with the cheddar sauce .
I 've been a regular at Henry 's for the past couple of years .
She was starving and ate it bathed in ketchup but it was not good .
I complained to corporate and the district manager did attempt to make communication but I 'm done .
The Spring Rolls were OK - I actually had some better in Manhattan , but no complaints .
The baked and fried chicken are wonderful !
This is a must stop if you 're a sushi / Asian fusion fan .
Louis for a conference at SLU , and a few locals recommended we check this place out .
Due to the size restrictions and the fact that the restaurant is almost completely wood - furnished , the noise level is INSANE .
Tall slender and woth long brown hair .
Many thanks to the entire team at Reed 's for working so hard to give St Louis yet another creative culinary gem !
The service was attentive without being suffocating and I am definitely coming back before we leave .
* * Also , got in during the first hour of opening today and got free breadsticks ! * *
She also gave me a free ginger ale free of charge and wished me the best of luck in feeling better .
I do n't think our waitress ever came by to refill our wine glasses , but I think I was able to manage that one .
Everyone loved the lamb , fish and chips , and the salmon .
I went to El Camino on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch .
The pizza arrived 70 minutes later .
Gaetano 's used to be one of the better spots in the area ( not saying much ) to grab a good quick lunch .
I asked was I charged or did they just forget he told me he never heard me say my order .
The service was fine / friendly and the place appeared to be clean .
For our main course we both had the stuffed grouper which was also great .
I ate a few pieces and threw the rest away .
This place was so yummy and decently priced .
We ordered the Cajun burger , crawfish Alfredo , shrimp po boy and kids chicken tenders .
R2L also brough us 2 complimentary pallet cleansers which were interesting .
For all the New Orleans food I had ... this place was extra regular .
my friend ordered the burger and the waiter told him they do n't cook it below medium well .
I could not find prices listed anywhere when we ordered .
Price wise it was too expensive considering the price to portion ratio .
Ordered delivery out to a airport hotel .
The glass was awkward , but all in all it was a hefty challenge for a lunch beer .
I ABSOLUTELY love the complimentary peanuts .
but not before casually leaning over to my chef friend .
we asked if a table for two was available .
A great lunch stop .
I 'm so excited about this new addition to the Indiana Avenue food plaza ( the official name I 've given it ) .
Best pizza ever ...
The apple martini was the best that I 've ever had .
There was cart service and the staff are very friendly .
The food is delicious and everyone is super friendly .
It is quaint and although the desirable tables are near the window overlooking the swamp , no seat is a bad one .
Sorry to say it was n't the best tacos I 've had in Philly .
So nice to visit a restaurant where the staff genuinely care about their work and the atmosphere they create .
Very nice atmosphere and great service .
Charlie orders first , asking which wine ron recommends with his fish .
The restaurant is so clean and updated .
She asked him several times .
The 805 keg blow during my pour and they did n't have a replacement but they were very accommodating and gave me a Stella ...
It seemed strange since the food , drinks and service were so wonderful .
This is a reason to go somewhere this busy , the food is giong to be really fresh !
We keep raving at the service we received at our last visit because it was so good .
I have been coming here for quite a long time and I quite like this spot .
I should clarify that we did not go into the shop at a busy time .
We got the caprese salad ( had to ask for extra balsamic since is was such a small drizzle on top . ) .
I hoped that there would be at least a few pieces of lobster in it , but I think they just used lobster for the flavor .
My favorite place to get soft tofu and the seafood pancake !
Very sweet and tangy without tasting artificial at all .
Price range was ok ?
Very nice hotel & Resturant !
We could n't have asked for better service .
My last gripe was the price of the meal .
Their chorizo is very flavorful , textured ( more chunky than chopped up into tiny particles ) and not greasy .
I went for my birthday and we had a great time .
They offer many options on the menu to make it a tough decision & the workers are pleasant and friendly .
They are in the middle of renovations so I 'm sure it will be nicer soon .
The meal we ate here was delicious and I ca n't wait to go back for more .
I feel like most places try to nail it down and can never get it right , but Federal Donuts sure did !
We 've gone several times and every time has been a great experience from food to service .
Not perfectly cleaned , as I could see where it was wiped down on the bar by way of the streak marks .
It feels like walking into a hideaway of some 50 's movie about the desert , more than a slice of Moroccan culture .
However , the restaurant did not pack any utensils or napkins .
The young lady allowed me to try a crawfish prior to purchase and I was blown away .
The Sous or chef should be ashamed of themselves for presenting this in the window for service .
Food was good , Shannon our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable .
The plate arrived with two bowls -- one with soup , the other with salad .
We had to take half of it home .
The deep dish crust is unbelievable .
While eating my crawfish , the owner son kindly gave me a tray to eat my crawfish on and once I was done he retrieved it .
I 've stayed in La Quinta Inns and other places that were just as nice , if not better , for far less .
Best thing about this place ... like many hot spots in South Tampa there are smoking hot girls in and out all day .
It was even better that the time before .
The slaw was warm - ish and too sweet for my taste .
If you do n't ask for items-------you do n't get them----pickles ... Pepsi .... correct order .
Now onto the bad part , the prices .
My parents who are Cantonese insist on going here every time they come to visit .
Our server was very prompt and always made sure we had what we needed .
Ordered the mahi tacos and it was great !
Newk 's Eatery feels more like a deli than a restaurant .
I did n't try the fried stuff , so I ca n't speak to that .
She asked if I had gotten my food yet , and I said no , and she apologized and said she 'd be right back .
Hagen Daz milk shakes .
Did n't expect it , but the food and drinks on their specials - amazing !
She was doing " side work " she never even asked if we wanted dessert .
I 've ordered the Vegetarian wrap twice , and I agree with the other reviewer about it being a tad boring .
I recommend x10 for some solid pizza etc in philly , cute little place , love the local feels .
Definetly will be returning here next time I 'm in the area
Not a super fan of their bacon , it tastes like cheap meat , but EVERYTHING ELSE is awesome .
I think this location wo n't last long with the attitude they have here ...
My wife and I have come for years--20 .
I got the Smokey Pit Beef sandwich and my wife got the Chicken Panini .
Do nt let the exterior fool you , once you go inside , it looks like a romantic little italian resturant .
As I 'm not a coffee person I got a perfectly tasty iced tea and was out the door .
The drinks were tasty and a few more drinks were ordered during our wait .
The iced tea was good .
( In fact , I donate 60 cents every day to a child in another country that I do n't even know ) .
Instead of bring out a fresh nacho they bring out the chicken in a bowl .
In the time we had 1 drink 4 couples walked in sat down & she never acknowledged them and of course they walked out .
Lots of tour buses and tour groups but it did n't feel to crowded .
Fyi ... Happy hour applies to bar and outside only .
very disappointed in my latest experience
this place left me really missing home / in n'out ...
The atmosphere is bright , simple and pleasant .
The menu is extremely limited and overpriced .
I came because it was on the ' Diners , Drive - Ins and Dives ' show .
I thought it was going to be more of a sandwich , but whatever .
Tucked away on Dryades , uptown , this place is freaking cute as a button .
If you decide to eat here , do n't order the grouper sandwich , it sucked and was dry but since I was hungry , I ate it .
Not an upscale place by any means , but we have never had a bad meal here .
I loved how they rolled the egg and put the bacon pieces inside .
Really cool spot in Northern Liberties .
Our server was the only reason I gave two stars instead of one , he was prompt , polite and friendly .
Keep up the good work , good food and good prices ! ! !
Horrible customer service .
It was excellent food with a great price .
As our total check for four bags of chips ( 2 kids ) and two sandwiches were just over $ 20 .
This place was extremely good , definitely one of the best ramen places I 've been to .
Ca n't say I 'd return even without a wait , though ; would prefer to just buy a jar of the syrup and apply it at home .
We placed our order , and I ordered coffee also .
it can not compare to freebirds or elsewhere ! !
No sorry for the wait , or bla bla .
Everything was fresh though which is why I gave it a 3 + epic chicken .
I stumbled onto their Brooklyn Pizza by accident .
This is no Tria , so I was n't expecting the $ 12 charge for the wine .
Since this place is basically identical to Panera and I have never had poor service at Panera , I will stick with them .
Smokey , tender , and juicy .
The steaks are wonderful , and a far cry from what you 'll get at the Longhorn down the street .
Good memories .
This experience the other day was not so good .
Very very good restaurant !
Louis , we continued our meal and even another table walked in and decided to give it a try ... in the dark .
Our food came out in a matter of no time , one of the quickest wait - times I 've seen actually .
His was a bit light , so he attempted to help me finish mine , which was a massive serving size .
This establishment is truly the worst .
Food was cooked well and the cook even came and asked us how we liked it when we finished .
When we first walked in I noticed only one family eating in the restaurant .
Individually the ingredients were far less than the sum of their whole .
Went to Three Muses our first night in New Orleans .
We ca n't all be high rollers like me ......... lol
Slop the pigs he did , as those oysters were gone in approximately four minutes and twenty one seconds flat .
I had the chili cheese etouffee with crawfish .
This is our new go to place to eat .
Just finished our birthday celebration for 8 .
The mac and cheese was intensely rich , though a bit bland , even with the addition of chewy crawfish meat .
Life - changing pancakes , amazing selection and the waitresses ' tshirts were really funny .
You wo n't be disappointed unless you need frills ........
I asked her favorite and she prepared a special omelette .
It also included potatoes , dried fig , and spinach .
To their credit , they comped the wahoo dish .
Totally bizarre for me to be drinking in enemy territory , but a good time was had ...
Came at the busiest time on the busiest day but the service and food were very good and worth waiting for .
Nothing on the menu really spoke to me as something I just had to have , but he had really been wanting to try this place .
Had no artichoke and spinach dip , reason was it has been a busy week yet it was only Monday .
I 'll comment on my last visit since I ca n't recall my initial visit .
I get it all the time now .
There 's so many other chinese food joints in the area , and nothing stands out about this place at all .
And the hoagie bread was n't notable .
It got a little noisy once the bowling got started but you could still talk .
The owner of this location ( and two others including Southampton ) reached out to me after my previous review .
They were on homemade potato chips , not tortilla chips , and the brisket was melt - in - your - mouth good .
The food is amazing and creative .
I ordered a big order to go from them and it was my first time as well .
Service is very nice and timely .
The Mac N Cheese was luke warm less than 100 degrees and was n't a very complimentary blend of cheese 's , it tasted strange .
We chose the glazed , maple glazed , cinnamon bun , apple spiced jelly doughnut and a cherry Danish .
I MUST say , this was a really great experience and I will definitely do this again ! !
The patio is great to sit outside when it gets cooler out , it 's laid back atmosphere is very much vegan- tree hugger .
I chose the fried chicken , something I would not normally order and it was excellent !
I should have expected as much because it 's macaroni grill , but still .
Chocolate mint martini was amazing .
And the Sierra Nevada beer drenched Onion Rings ?
KOP chipotle is the best one to visit .
If you move to the table you will have to wait longer for the food to come out . "
Had the southern fries with cheese and pulled pork , they were excellent !
It was a little hot in the restaurant , could have been cooled down a lot for a more comfortable experience .
There 's normally a wait , but a seat at the bar is the best seat in the house , in my opinion .
I cleaned my plate thoroughly .
State store is almost next door as this is BYOB .
The food was amazing and the service was great .
You do n't get access to the full menu in the yard but the stuff that we did have access to was amazing .
The perfect spot to treat yourself for a carb overload .
The quality is second to none , the service is fantastic , the kitchen ( open to the public eye ) is extremely clean !
The staff has always been nice and offer to bring out water for our dog when bring him so that s huge for us .
The guy just seemed like he did n't want to be there , he is someone who I would want to interact with my customers .
I had a brownie , which was amazing .
The Cons ; waited over 30 minutes for a table while tables , yes plural as many as 6 at one point , sat empty .
The food is great though , but I wo n't be returning .
The hot sauces were anything but , though admittedly my tolerance to spices may be higher than the average persons .
I 'm gon na say , possibly the best ones I 've ever had ( sorry , Dad ) .
Being from the east coast , and where delis are completely different and more popular , this is the closest Deli to that .
Pistachio donuts served with a light crème and a few small orange slices were so delicious !
My three mini burgers were hand made and done exactly to order .
My boyfriend and I checked out Smokey Pint for the first time last night .
I actually liked the taste but it was too spicy to finish .
While I 'm at it , I 'll pat Olio on the back too .
After that day , I could n't get that crab out of my mind .
The food was excellent , with some of it being a bit too spicy for my taste .
The metaphorical cherry - on - top was the chocolate milkshake ( which actually had no cherry on top ) .
The service was great - everyone was friendly & welcoming !
Once the food came I was not disappointed , it was AMAZING , huge portions , including fresh made potato salad and sauerkraut .
perhaps we should have been given bibs and high - chairs ?
Kept our glasses full the whole time and checked up on us constantly !
Went to a party in the Jameison room and loved it .
This place is smack dab in the middle of DA HOOD !
The service was fantastic .
Very disappointing as we used to love to eat lunch here .
Wait for seating can be longish so do n't go if you 're in a huge hurry .
Took the tip and got kimchi instead of miso and tried the Korean shaved ice too !
And frankly the salad itself was all that great , I should know I am vegan certified .
It offered a very fresh and clean complement to the more savory risotto and poutine selections .
The shift manager will look back every so often , but refuses to help out at the counter herself .
It was thick in the wrong way , where it was separating into chunks after 10 mins of eating .
we also ordered the hot pepper pizza which was disappointing .
The food was the best we had while in Florida !
This restaurant is always amazing ! !
Our groupon said it was for 4 but we had 5 people and they had some kind of problem with that , but still took it .
We came for breakfast and waited in line to order for a few minutes .
U can seat wherever u like and they bring ur food out .
Finally , our original server returned to ask if the other girl had come and gotten our check yet !
My food was bland , the spring rolls were fishy , the soda chanh was intensely sugared and I left feeling , " eh . "
The balsamic glaze did n't even cover up the foul taste .
Delicious pho , the rare beef in particular is amazing .
However this time the service was outstanding ! !
It was the only disappointment we had on a great food weekend .
The waitress only checked on us once after serving our food .
It came with whitish gravy in a pitcher , I suppose to make it " Southern " .
When you feel like having a cheat day , this is a great spot .
The place is in a great location and looks fine from the outside , but the food quality is just NOT good .
as he turned off Lindbergh onto some seemingly random local roads .
He mentioned national awards for their donuts and I could see why .
The service is as good as the food ! !
Unfortunately I have to give the 3 stars because the beingets just were n't that good .
Seated immediately and the food was great .
So instead of a nice long sleep I ca n't sleep with the heat then the sun bright in early through the window wakes us up .
way better than prince 's or 360 ° or boltons ....... the juiciness of the chicken .....
Dabrielle was a GREAT waitress !
Every time I 'm in SB we eat here .
She came home with these wings for dinner one day , and the sauce was literally the best buffalo sauce I 've tasted in my life .
The kimchi bbq pork was crunchy with a bit of a kick .
Everything was way too salty in my plate including the corn .
Ca n't wait for the annual summer block party !
Whoever says it 's an average cafeteria ....
Eating half took quite a while as the chunks of steak were so dry and tough .
After yelling , she refused to come back to our table the rest of the night and sent bus boys to take our requests .
We quickly discovered that celebrate chef John Besh ran the place and it truly was hopping .
LOL Everything about this place screams legit Chinatown experience , in a good way mostly !
It was clearly hand formed , but it had absolutely no flavor .
Here 's the best part .
Afterwards I finished with a rose and pistachio cruller which was so light and airy .
Very strange experience and poor/ no customer service .
The new one however is absolutely terrible .
But oysters looked awesome too !
I have nt even tried the noodles here , but I ca nt wait to be back so i can ! ! !
Update - the manager said he would send me a gift card to help us come back to try again .
They did n't have my order ready when they said they would .
Definitely my favorite place for inexpensive eats in Nola .
As for my husband 's chilaquilles , I order this all the time from Biscuits in Broad Ripple and this was another disappointment .
I was absolutely stuffed after eating an order of pizza here for dinner at my last visit .
Got some cheese fries , which were good ( but how hard is it to make cheese fries ) .
We had lunch today at Hellas & it never disappoints .. one of our favorite places for years .
Some canned vegetable flavors , we all left with the bad taste of being overcharged .
George is a great manager .
I had the cheesy chimichanga & was delighted with the ridiculous amount of cheese !
The service was fine overall ; no extra points for great service and no deducts for bad service either .
My chicken was very good .
Love this place ! ! ! !
The gyoza was HORRIBLE , they were hard , dry and not any better than we 'd buy in any supermarket​.
So on rough mornings , I 'd shuffle down to Vitascope Hall and bring a couple of bloody marys back to the room .
What a very comfortable place to have breakfast !
The room itself was ok , but it was the hotel grounds that made the stay .
The staff was super nice and knowledgeable about the menu .
Meaning of the only problem here is that their french fries are soggy and undercooked
Every spoon full had a large pieces of lobster chunks .
The menu is n't huge but that 's okay .
After reading the reviews we decided to give Jesse 's a try and sadly it did n't really meet our expectations .
I ordered the Swedish pancakes but the waitress gave me the wrong one .
The best ten dollar lunch in America , hands down .
I booked a room 3 weeks in advance and got to the lobby at about 4:30Pm on 3/12 .
This had pretty mild smoke and was fairly dry .
I usually enjoy PF Chang 's , but had never ordered from the Plymouth Meeting location for lunch .
I informed the cashier that my eggs were cold and I asked him if they could make me new eggs .
The fish was great and the BBQ even better .
I felt like George Castanza in the one episode where he thinks of a bunch of witty comments after the fact .
It 's their signature dish and it speaks for itself .
Fantastically fun !
My son and I had a good lunch .
we went here and there was maybe one other table eating and our order was n't taken for 20 minutes .
I 've never been at night so it could be quite good as a bar to frequent .
I could not bring myself to eat my entree .
The donuts we had were all hot - strawberry lavender , vanilla spice and the honey glazed that came with the chicken .
They could us a few citronella candles to keep the bugs away a bit but really not bad .
The service was just OK .
We 're not supposed to meet them in their home as per company policy .
We held our year end Holiday Party for our firm here this year .
We had the BLT and it was packed full of flavor , they did n't scrimp on the bacon and the vegetables for very fresh .
And because I have a soul , I never questioned it , I got them water and they always left quickly .
I 'm picky , from SF , nothing matches SF but this pho is pretty damn good , favorite spot on a cold day
I wanted to change two things on the Hot Mess sandwich , she did n't even blink and was like " of course ! "
And my boyfriend liked it as well .
The Food was good and the place is small but colorful and clean .
The Uruguayan and Argentinian menu is very accessible and delicious .
It took about 45 minutes for delivery , less than a mile away , no big deal .
The shrimp tacos were quite spicy but not over - the - top .
We got to eat next to a dustpan filled with food trash .
Food was decent , stuffed mushrooms way over done/ chewy , halibut over cooked , veggie stuffed raviolis were kind of gritty .
The broom the staff uses to clean the floor has a lot of attitude .
They were the only restaurant that was able to accommodate a large party on such short notice .
We ordered the roast duck lunch special with chow mein .
We were first treated to an gnocchi appetizer as the chef was " trying out " a new menu .
The eggs and bacon were fine but nothing out of the ordinary .
It 's more of a lunch place , but is open for dinner as well .
The steamed bass was n't very fresh .
I certainly had higher expectations for this place .
What a special restaurant !
The margarita swirl alone gets 4 stars .
I love , love , love this place .
Would absolutely positively recommend a visit to Luke the next time you are in the area ! !
Villagio is a home run , but you ca n't help but feel , it could be a grand slam .
I loved the fact that they had a free shuttle that would take you to downtown Nashville .
I do n't really have anything insightful to say , so you 'll just have to go to experience the goodness .
Came back to the hotel one night and Trombone Shorty was tearing up the lounge - unbelievable to walk into the middle of that .
Went here tonight for dinner and it was awesome .
I ate else where that day .
Will definitely return when we 're in the area !
My food was prepared quickly and presented in an equally friendly way .
My husband and I stopped here durinh happy hour last friday and tried the Chefs special entree .
We 've tried many of the pasta dishes , the brick oven pizza , chicken parmesan .
Pull up a chair , it 's time for grandpappy Jake to talk about his life .
We also had the fried pickles that were served with a touch of class .
I did not like my hot - fries or scrambled eggs , but I did love the other two .
It was a bit expensive but the cost reflected the quality .
Honestly this place is pretty good .
Then we had fish tacos and thai beef noodle salad .
We loved the wine pairing -- the selections were interesting and elevated each course .
For being a craft brewery , their food is also very good and you can tell they take great pride in it .
Then we both got scallops and swine with a butternut squash purée and balsamic vinegar .
I love that it 's a converted old cottage house , but the echoes of nearby diners is pretty disruptive .
Kudos to the chef though ; Ca nt get this authenticity in NY ... and the value is incomparable .
We were there on a Thursday night , not particularly busy .
It 's a snap to use and I get the exact tire pressure every time .
Order a salad or a burger / sandwich -- I saw them coming out , and they looked delicious .
The waitress was outside crying and smoking a cigarette .
The key lime pie is also a spectacular pick , as is the apple crisp .
We had the breakfast buffet which was really good and had a great selection .
I 've always loved their burgers .
As others have indicated , do n't come here if you 're in a hurry but if you 've got time to wait , the food and staff are awesome !
The food is scrumptious ..
We had a free breakfast for two and the scrambled eggs and omelette had a very unusual taste and texture .
We finally see Ivan and asked for forks again and he said , " do you honestly need them right now ?
Staff was definitely not warm and friendly and they originally gave us the discount but then took it back ( who does that ? ) .
The sampler platter was a great way to see the flavors of the chef 's special dishes .
I went to Home Wine Kitchen with my wife and another couple and we all ordered different entrees .
I 've since been and for sure have changed my opinion .
The food was fine but not great - the tuna tartar was unfortunately not so fresh , and the lobster bisque was incredibly salty .
Tacos were bad , the fish was tough and dry as were the accompanying black beans and rice .
We had a room under a different name which was also not ready and did the same thing .
Great customer service ! ! !
The service is alright but since I get the buffet it does n't really matter .
Large portions - I took half home .
The hash browns were just terrible , they were slimy and tasted a month old .
And the truly hot habanero sauce was vinegar based in a bad way .
Carol opted for a light meal and had truffled fries and pork belly tacos .
We got fried green tomatoes for an appetizer and I got catfish sandwich , my friend got Tennessee steak sandwich with brisket .
We ordered : spicy salmon hand rolls , Nelson , dale and Corey , Arizona , sashimi appetizer , veg udon , miso soup .
I combined apple , carrot & ginger and felt simply refreshed .
The food was just okay though .
Take note that because Johnny Rocket 's is not owned by Grand Sierra , the points do not work here .
Great pizza , great food , etc .
I 'm a wing - lover , so I decided to eat here recently .
Do n't let the outside deter you ( because we almost changed our minds) ... go in and try something new !
They also said they do n't have drink specials .
I did , however , ask for a little hot mustard on the side .
I know this place is gimmicky , but I love gimmicky food !
He suggested the calamari and that was the perfect starter for our meal .
Feel sorry for the guy working the register .
All around super impressed by the quality of the food and service .
Love the Dan Dan noodles , the scallion pancake , the three cup chicken , and all the dumplings .
The food is delicious and the restaurant is clean .
we had 16 people and we all had GREAT meals .
Their food is always fresh and it 's nice it 's a BYO if you want to get out for a bit .
While I waited for it to cool , I sampled the garden salad that my dining companion ordered .
The food is amazing and even if the dining room is small , there is plenty of places outdoors to eat .
it was pretty standard - nothing that blew my mind .
I 've had brunch , lunch , and dinner here and all were fantastic .
We got SO much food .
I requested it medium - rare , though it came out medium and overall , the beef was a bit dry and lacked seasoning .
Everything is mild by default , except the green curry , which is moderate by default .
Loved the burger !
Service was friendly and the restaurant seemed clean .
Just got home from my LONG drive to Philadelphia PA .
they did earn 1 star for being fast .
I had a bourbon cocktail called On the Roof and it was very good .
Dill pickle potato soup , which was exactly like it sounds .... delicious !
This place is n't dirt - cheap , but it 's only a few quarters off .
My food arrived quickly , was beautifully presented , and was delicious .
I only ordered the sliders the second time and they made me sick .
And the rice , either it is n't Korean or was n't cooked right .
Nice crisp lettuce and nice big croutons .
The crawfish etouffee was on the small side and not very flavorful .
The marinara was flavorful without being sweet .
I mean it 's dominos & they sell you pizzas for $ 5.99 what do you expect ?
I ordered delivery , after almost 2 hours I called and asked about my order .
I gave them 2 20 's for a 27 dollar check .
Ca n't go wrong with any of the sandwiches ( bread is lacking Philadelphia style though ) .
My husband and I found this little hole in the wall on a whim 2 years ago .
it 's probably totally acceptable based on normal people standards ) .
Then they told us we have rice now do you want some ?
This is the McDonalds closest to my home , but I will forever drive any distance to find another bc it 's a terrible restaurant .
I brought it to management 's attention and some woman disappeared from the counter and did n't return .
I usually get take - out from here , and it 's super quick !
We requested a side of sauce and that got us through .
The peanutty Masseman , the papaya salad , the spicy sole and the scallops pha pha are great .
Suraya is super beautiful guys .
I was very disappointed with the cake I ordered .
it was as if we could n't drink enough to wash the excessive amount of grease away .
You would not expect this place to be as romantic as it is on the inside ! ! !
On the day of , Breanna surprised me with a sweet gift , a MAC lipgloss for touchup .
They 've made some major improvements in the last few months with their speed .
Had a company function here recently , and the folks at the Landmark did a really nice job making everyone feel welcome .
I had the Strozapetti and it was one of my fave pasta dishes ever !
It was the only roll I 've found that is comparable to Cinnabon 's .
It had some nice heat , Ms T and the D 's found it too spicy but it is not really .
We tried the eggplant appetizer , Dijon salmon , Chesapeake chicken and a pasta dish .
The burgers were liked all around , although my brother got the diablo one and complained that it was n't spicy enough .
The beers was fantastic and our waitress was awesome .
The three of us split a full order of the Squeal Nachos .
Louis with 3 small kids , so I was grateful to find this place on Yelp .
Mmmmmmm , my favorite fish tacos in town .
It 's really a upscale version of the Cheesecake Factory .
They were Cajun potatoes and man the seasoning was spot on !
Honestly not a terrible meal , but at $ 17 a plate it was not worth the price .
Our kids love watching the show , and well , we just love to eat !
The place is historic and worth seeing since it is in Jackson square and chances are you will be in Jackson square anyway .
There were two instances where my pizzas were not delivered , and no recourse was offered .
We ended our meal with desserts .
The waiter really saved the meal .
The prices were reasonable .
Like they had a water gun of soy sauce and was randomly shooting the rice , while they were drying it out ..
This was recommended by a colleague who is local in the area .
We all ordered off of the happy hour menu which had 16 options for $ 6 dollars apiece .
In Dallas the massage table was 4 way adjustable with memory foam-- this was up and down only with a nice bed but not the same .
When we arrived it was packed , but we were seated right away and had excellent service right away that never faltered .
Loved the Mediterranean Grilled Cheese sandwich !
Went today for the first time and definitely was n't disappointed !
The deviled eggs though fell a bit flat for me .
helpful cook ...
I do n't care much about atmosphere , or the decor ... since I am not eating either of those things .
We went for the lunch buffet .
However the most recent time we went was the WORST EXPERIENCE I have ever had at a restaurant .
The whole time we were there people were waiting so it might be best to make a reservation in the future .
The chicken wings were barely cooked and the sauce just poured on them ( barely , out of 12 wings , sauce was on maybe 4 ) .
For our main course , we got the curried goat and the pasta with crawfish .
I had been lusting after Kermit 's baked goods after they first caught my eye on Instagram .
When we had an issue with the To - Go order the manager basically told me to pound sand .
My first exposure to his succulent birds was the hot chicken at The Fat Ham .
The Mac and cheese was tasty and so was the Gator on a stick ( which is in sausage format ) .
Maybe its better to sit and eat at , I only used their delivery service and likely wo n't be doing so again .
Because of her great attitude and service , my family and I will return to Suegra Tequila Cantina .
This pub is awesome ! !
One thing to note is their ' happy hours ' .
We ended our stay by eating here for dinner and we would highly suggest this resturant !
We narrowed our search to Burger Up and Cheeseburger Charley 's .
We ordered three dishes and shared between the three of us .
The flavor was just right .. I did not even have to add any red sauce it was so good , my 6 year old keeps asking to go back !
Ooppps , did n't finish my review ...
Usually they would be smoking which I was able to compare to the person 's order to the table beside us .
On the plus side , the meat here is marinated well and tastes amazing .
I ca n't wait to go back and try the chicken and rice , the ropa vieja and those amazing empanadas !
I could n't wait to try it here in , my new home .
Compared to other bibimbaps I 've had in the past , the one I had at Southgate was n't too heavy on the sauce .
I 've been here many times .
Plus the food was gas station worthy .
The menu is very creative and unique .
You can tell he takes great pride and joy in his job and venue .
I 'm not sure if it was the food or the whack lighting after dark but it was definitely not a normal color .
The staff and service was top notch .
Apparently they make a point to come tell me that I am parked in one of the take out spots and that I have to move .
We ordered a Cheese Steak , Hot Roast Pork and a Rueben all with fries .
The chips are authentic themselves , which means they 're not all salty as you would expect American chips to be .
They only use an acai base .
We were really hoping to find a very good , local Vietnamese restaurant ... unfortunately this is not it !
We had the prosciutto , the hard salami and the tyrokafteri .
The prices r reasonable and worth it cuz movie theater food is normally expensive anyway .
Shiela 's weekday service is exceptional , as is
This is absolutely the dirtiest , most poorly equipped restaurant I have ever been to .
-/+ Initially they did n't have a reservation system setup when they first opened .
It was so good and not heavy even though it was a dark beer .
Pro Tip : make a reservation ahead of time to avoid waiting as this place only has a handful of tables .
We had a reservation for breakfast Sunday at 10:30am - and yes you need a reservation sunday morning , and were seated promptly .
My service was great and the waitress very attentive .
Decent food ( but not fantastic ) reasonable prices and what you 'd expect from the wait staff .... but it was so SO loud .
I was told that they could only get tomato sauce , not BBQ sauce .
I would NEVER return to this place again , nor would I Ever RECOMMEND it to Anyone .
My favorite Ny style pizza in Clearwater ! ! !
Got the broiled octopus ! ! !
We were n't offered cheese , we had to ask for it , which is strange at an Italian restaurant .
My turkey Brie sandwich was off the hook and the tequila was even better ! !
The food is all freshly made .
Have had better pecan pie but that wo n't stop me from coming back :)
I think my friend ordered the special Paella one night and it was appalling .
The dessert selection had cakes , gelato , creme brûlée and pies .
We put in drink orders & appetizers around 7:15 .
During the Sunday lunch period , it 's a frequent stop for Harley riders .
Overall great experience !
We went for dinner - alligator bites , crab claws , panko - breaded redfish , crawfish etoufee .
My party was told that our reserved room was double booked and we would have to give it to the other group .
Both the sweet and savory crepes here are DELICIOUS !
Everyone else got one of the signature martini 's .
I would recommend other diners if u do n't want to wait in line .
The food was delicious and definitely an A+ .
We came here for dinner last weekend and I ordered the eggplant parmesan .
One of my favorite spots in NOLA .
The entrees were so good it set me up to thinking the dessert would be even better .
We ordered the BBQ Oysters , loaded mash and crab cake to share .
The food came out quickly , it tasted very fresh and we will definitely come back again .
Very pissed ... then my coworker ordered her food again she also wanted to substitute the rice why is that so hard .
This place is so cool .
We found out this place is a BYOB so that certainly is a plus for our next visit .
Now on to the reason they 're only getting 3 stars ...
( Hope I spelled those right ) Eclipse is very similar to Bluemoon pizza .
This was the best part of the meal , second to the popcorn .
The brisket ... the worst I 've ever had .
The first time I tried it , I got the pot roast and mashed potatoes -- was not impressed .
Wanting to keep things simple , I opted for the Margherita pizza .
My GF and I decided to finally give it a try on Sunday evening .
Group of us went to dinner here together after a day of meetings .
A group of us from work decided to go and give it a try .
It 's the perfect spot for an early morning stop .
I would not recommended dining here .
Both tasty and fairly reasonably priced , at least comparable to what you 'd pay anywhere else for a decent breakfast .
Great looking place .
yep a trend in the wrong direction ...
The drizzling and pecans where the best part .
The passing plates looked divine but I ca n't attest to their delish factor because all we did was drink .
Some sardine fell out but it 's classic pub food so how could I complain ?
Next , I had the field green salad , it was fresh and came out with just the right amount of dressing .
Both times we ordered the Big Night Out .
His mock duck came with a ton of the seitan , when they sometimes skimp on it at other places .
I believe the market price was $ 12 / lb so a bit pricier than other crawfish joints in NOLA .
Came here on a recommendation from a NOLA native friend and was not disappointed .
The bacon on top was great though , and I could really taste the smokiness in it .
Ps they give two eggs on their silogs(which is a plus in my opinion ) and the halo halo was bomb !
Very excited to find this place and will absolutely be back .
I had the banana french toast ..
Nothing spectacular , but the food was good and plentiful .
and boy am I glad my inner fatty could n't wait another minute because I just do n't know what I 'd do without this jumbalaya !
It come with two choices of side .
Mine had warm spinach salad as well .
All this started at 3:55 in the afternoon .
Mom got the meatloaf with cabbage and lima beans .
Taste was good and it hit the spot with a little bread on the one cold and windy night we were there .
It 's surprising that you get as much food as you do for the low low cost that they charge .
It was two eggs , two pieces of bacon , and a deep pocket waffle the size of a coaster .
We were looking forward to dining here and made reservations only to wait over an hour .
Fries were delicious .
I have n't been back to the area in years , so I wanted to try KK as it is really an authentic local place .
Whatever sauce they give you to go with it was delicious as well !
Now that she is a toddler we were looking forward to bringing her here and having her sit in a high chair and eat with us .
Actually about to order from there today .
Food was excellent ; service was superb .
Food was really good , portions are big so we were able to share which brought the price down to a more reasonable amount .
Italian food is one of my favorite types of food I love to eat .
I was always a little shy asking what whiskies to try ..... its a whiskey bar filled with whiskey fans .
The fries are the battered kind , they were fresh with the perfect crunch .
We had a wonderful crab and avocado appetizer which was outstanding , fresh and light .
After waiting a few more mins we flagged down our waiter to put our food order in .
Who are the white people there ?
Looks are deceiving !
Oysters were huge and salty .
The cafe is n't freezing cold like other cafes .
I absolutely love the chimichangas but my younger cousins all love what many restaurants refer to as the the special .
Even if you 're not in the area I would go !
The bartender was conversational and respectable at once .
The presentation is very bad .
I 'm not a terribly into burgers , so that 's saying something .
They were great and the service was awesome .
Only have had drinks there as the menu looks like nothing special .
fat was dripping out .
Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars ( rare ) , between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on
Maybe if things were hotter , we 'd be more likely to go ....
They really support our city :) Great Neighborhood Place ...
Lots of beef in it though , they definitely did not skimp on that .
We ordered the club , and the Titan cheesesteak , you ca n't go wrong .
My boyfriend 's eggs with lamb was good , but my chicken biscuit came out completely dry and burnt .
Staff has always been very friendly and treat us well when we eat in .
It 's not as big of a place as I had imagined it would be , but the setup was cozy and not too cramped .
We had the tuna poké which I thought was delicious ( higher price than most restaurants ) .
This is definitely a spot to eat at while in Clearwater .
The goat is a bit heavy smell .
20 minutes after ordering I asked if my order went through .
After being recommended to try it by a friend , we decided to go ahead and order lunch here .
From the intimate seating to the AMAZING food and staff ! !
Favorite place in Nashville for breakfast ! !
We could n't be more pleased at the quality of the good and friendly service .
All in all , I really enjoyed Good Karma and ca n't wait to go back , grab a coffee and study !
It was hearty , yet still somewhat light thanks to the broth .
Nope he just came to the table and said oh sorry and walked away ! ! ! !
They are all delicious dishes .
I especially liked the French fries !
For flavoring we chose the Whole Sha - Bang ( mild . ) We got a side order of garlic bread to dip in the sauce / boil .
Even before I ate the burger the smell it self had my mouth watering .
I just got C & B 's via Order Up Delivery Svc and what a perfect wintry in home dinner .
The bagels were very good and the bagel and egg sandwich was delicious .
She was so sweet and helpful in guiding me in selections to offer .
I 'm taking mom there this week .
The salad was 3 slices of tomatoes and mozzarella in a vinaigrette dressing and chopped basil on a bed of mixed greens .
If you decide to eat here , just be aware it is going to take about 2 hours from beginning to end .
The shrimp and grits breakfast entree was spectacular !
The Pancake Pantry is a great place .
Both dishes were an easy four stars .
The mushroom ravioli was delicious ... I'd definitely get it again !
Jackson 's is the go - to option for my wife and I.
As for the wings they are great , always large and perfectly crispy , and totally drenched in sauce .
This is the best tortilla soup I 've ever eaten ! !
Terrible service at this Domino 's ...
When you enter , there is a large , awkward entrance and you have to go upstairs to be seated .
Do n't listen to the bad reviews they obviously think it 's a rich people place it 's a great place .
Sweet and sour chicken was done well and had a great taste - the sauce was on point too !
Checked out the new place on Friday .
My friend took a risk from her usual order of the Sonora and ordered the Baltimore BLT .
I mean , this place is amazing .
Just told it would be a while when I asked .
A decent spread but I could n't help but feel like I was paying a bit for the experience as the food left a little lacking .
We ordered the small greek salad , half order of soft pretzels , holy shiitake pizza , two craft beers , and two kids meals .
Chef coming out to check on us ..
Mine was n't too bad although I was expecting the veal to be more tender .
The flavors were strong and worked together perfectly .
We had signed up for a lunch - time jazz cruise , minus the lunch .
What a fun place to come and walk around .
Atmosphere - Pretty intimate BYOB .
Additionally , most of the trays were either empty or only had little portion of food on them .
Waiter we had was amazing , and that never hurts your experience .
However , the second and most recent time I went , I was sorely disappointed .
Each time we 've gone , we 've waited to be seated with barely anyone in the restaurant and not acknowledged by the staff .
As I mentioned the food is very good .
This brunch was organized by one of my friends , so choice in location was not something I had .
When I received my to - go order , I asked for a couple cups of water and tomato sauce .
We waited for about an hour and a half to eat , which was okay , given we came at prime brunch time .
They hosted us for an event and were awesome .
On the day we went , they offered a prix fixe menu for $ 30 a person .
Even though Heirloom is technically in a shopping center , the atmosphere inside is very quaint and authentic .
The bar offered a great selection of drinks and we had three different beers from the taps -- Stella , Duvel , and Zwickel .
It was recommended to us by our hosts and we ended up stopping in a couple mornings for breakfast .
I would recommend everyone to go on this tour , visiting or lived here for years this is a fun adventure .
I just went to Mr. B 's about an hr ago to see what all the commotion was about with their seafood gumbo .
All sweets looked well beyond beautiful and delish .
I would go back because I m sure the service is better that what I experienced and I have heard amazing things about the menu .
Was hoping that The Spot was that rare exception .
Great little local eatery !
I got their grilled chicken pesto Mac and Cheese and I was actually pretty disappointed .
Ok , went for dinner .
Someone has perfected the recipe ! !
When I go back to New Orleans , Luke 's will definitely be on my go to list .
I also got a cabeza taco on a whim and OH MY GOSH , new favorite .
I ordered the La Jonba wrap , bowl of Jambalaya and some cornbread .
and I keep eyeing their other pastries ..
Service was scattershot and the food did n't seem as hot and fresh as I 'm used to at Nudy 's .
The service is perfectly adequate and so is the food .
The fries were decent but I 'm not sure they were " award winning " .
I grew up in maryland and this location is just as good as the ones up there .
Cons : Prices , staff impersonal
-Bacon wrapped blue cheese stuffed dates - these were incredible .
Go to Sizzler its GREAT ! ! !
The portions were small but the crab cake was very good .
The Mahi reminded me a bit of Thanksgiving with the walnut pesto and sweet cranberry touch .
The server was friendly .
Size does n't matter .
and promoting only buying local whilst not using items not produced in house as a new goal are very confusing .
Wait staff seemed uninterested in our polite feedback and dismissive .
Its a great place to get together to watch some sports if you do n't want to go to the typical sports bar .
We came back here on the end of our trip when we were back in Philly !
So , they lost points for that stinginess .
May not again but loved this place so much I felt compelled to share .
I seem to always get the same thing ( wilburt skillet ) everytime I go cause it is amazing .
The Yelp reviews were pretty positive , so I figured we 'd give it a go .
We did wait quite a bit for our drinks .
My tray had more than a half dozen chunks of inedible meat on it by the time I finished .
We had the omelette and a side of grits .
The food was good but the raw chicken touched the vegetables .
Still have to say the hostess was very disappointing !
One of my favorite things for brunch is the crab cake Benedict .
This was also the first time I had been to Louisiana and I 'd never had a boiled crawfish before .
We often go several times during our time in Philly just because it has such a cool vibe .
We had dinner here about 10 days ago when I visited my sister in philly .
Nice atmosphere and our server Rachael was excellent !
Wow new ownership and they do n't care about customers that 's for sure.dont go here for lunch or if you are in a hurry .
Absolutely love this little taco restaurant !
I asked for a soda .
I ordered the Belgium waffle and the aroma of the salt on the waffle was very overwhelming .
However , I thought for the price that the food was average .
We got various sushi dishes such as the Rainbow Roll , Passyunk Roll , Spicy Tuna and California Roll .
Granted I did n't go during breakfast time really .
We ordered the tres leche cake with housemade coffee ice cream and it was so good .
We both chose the salmon , and fell in love with this dish .
I would highly recommend coming here for the oysters and pâté alone ! !
Definitely do NOT go for the decor or ambiance .
We ordered our appetizer which came with barely any sauce .
I ordered the lunch roll combination and a squid salad .
Not even an hour after we left my son and wife were running to the restroom .
This place was just ok for me .
Cheese curds were very good and very filling .
And since when did IHOP start adding gratuity into their checks ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
The desserts are alright .
Once again , this place is awesome .
The staff here is always great , and very accommodating .
The delivery experience was great , but I thought the food was just ok .
I was n't a fan of any of the apps except for the korean pancake .
I got stuck on the torta and get it every time I go because it 's so freaking delicious .
The best selection of bruschetta .
And the cocktails ai n't too shabby either .
it was like we had our own private dinner with waiter service .
Not sure how and where it came from , but that did n't bother me as much because that sandwich is just that good .
But boy is it a pain to actually eat there .
I had the salmon .
I love pho and this place did not let me down .
However , our experience overall was positive and eventually the place started to fill up .
This was a problem because a bunch of college kids were on our hall and made a ton of noise .
Our waitress even helped us make an order of the tater tots ... but tossed in duck fat !
There are fun things to check out near by too , like Dare Devil Brewery and AJ Foyte 's winery .
- The ladies that run the place are full of spunk and love what they do .
It tasted like marinara with some roasted chiles in it .
I kind of understand that this is the norm on Bourbon street .
he knows a good pastrami as i do ...
Instead if apologizing and helping me , both waiters told me the chef had been here for " 30years " ? ? ?
Everything I 've ordered has tasted great and been of high quality .
Watch out West Nashville hangouts ... you've got stiff competition !
The gas station might put it off but if you know what you 're ordering , it 's great .
Great neighborhood place .
The workers were perfectly accommodating and not phased by our daughter throwing a tantrum on the floor .
Part of that was the band ( Loose Marbles ) , but the bar itself was great too .
The decor here is very old fashiohned .
THE BEST place to go for gyros !
The $ 25 - 26 entries were delicious and reminded us of tapas - however , Aldine is not a tapas restaurant .
But , the portions were small .
We found it to be very clean given that most of any mess is customer created when they are sloppy loading their bowl .
As a frequent guest at the Chase I often enjoy a low key dinner on the patio .
The hummus was served with what - seemed - to - be just baked bread ( very fragrant ) .
We had 2 servers accomodate us for the large party .
I had an occasion to visit this place last week during lunch time .
The pork bbq sammich was soggy on the bottom .
The night we went I was n't feeling particularly adventurous , so I went with a burger .
It had mixed greens , Vermont cheddar , applewood smoked bacon , pecans , and dried cherries .
I asked her did she have any ideas .
I had these s food gumbo followed by the BBQ shrimp ...
The food itself was absolutely fantastic compared to about of time it took to make and the price .
The egg drop soup was bland .
The hostess was sort of confusing but we told her table for two inside .
Our waitress Karen was delightful and efficient .
And the customer service was top notch .
I finally made it to Mac 's on a Wednesday night for Quizzo .
Plastic chairs , no frills joint .
At this point I got up to take a shower which is one with the horrible cheap shower curtains that divide halfway up .
This place started for us as a quick stop to grab a bubble tea for my wife and I.
There 's a free shuttle bus to take you from Chickie 's to the football stadium .
He even gives large samples of his famous lassis , and I think the first time I came here he gave mine to me free !
The scallops were a little saccharine for my tastes but the ravioli was good ; and let 's face it ... one does n't come to St.
The service was fantastic as well .
This place is immaculate ; I do not know how many workers they staff .
Get there before 8 AM and you should n't have to wait in the lines out the door .
There 's just something different about the seafood here .
I have some feels for this place and they all come from the caring hearts of this establishments owners .
Nice location .
it seems like the product keeps changing .
Today I tried their vegan chicken salad with the potato salad on the side and it was INCREDIBLE .
I guess it was time for an update , right across the street .
Overall I was hoping this would be my new favorite spot but the price is too high .
As for the reviewer that complained about rodent traps .
All around great experience .
I 'm not even going to speak on the horrible parking .
Our waitress said the fried chicken was the house speciality and it was well done but it also suffered from a lack of spice .
However , Chris , our waiter , lit it at our table with a cigaret lighter .
Then I ordered the pulled pork sandwich .
I 'm not sure if this was a pro or a con because I do love butter but my whole plate was swimming in it .
Went here last night , we were n't able to sit for 45 minutes after our reservation .
Pita tasted fresh , meat was marinated and seasoned really well .
The coffee was great , the caprese grilled cheese with basil hit the spot and the couches make you feel like you 're at home .
We got 3 - 4 glasses out of one carafe for $ 9.59 .
We also grabbed a fresh loaf of bread on the way to check out ( please grab yourself one , you can thank me later ) .
Street parking was n't too hard to find the past few times I 've been there .
( however I am a white woman and still was treated bad , perhaps becasue I came with a lady and not a man ?
However some of the boba was stick together and thus was unaccessible via straw .
The beef brisket was amazing , loved the sauce .
Juevos Rancheros and Eggs benedict were delicious !
If you know your Indian dishes you wo n't be disappointed .
The gluten free hoagie bread was really good texture .
In short - we had a great time and highly recommend the class .
Plus , we had to ask to get water glasses and even then the water did n't come until AFTER they brought our regular drinks out .
The baked beans were not sweet enough for me though .
The only saving grace was the giardiniera ( a pickled condiment made up of hot peppers and various other veggies ) .
Oh , and they do have salads and sandwiches as well .
The passion fruit creme brulee was good , but overall not a 4 star restaurant in my opinion .
The burger was okay , and I probably would 've liked it better had I not put their homemade ketchup on it before tasting it .
In the end we left full and happy .
The place was quite noisy too and i think it may have been louder than the concert !
I would highly recommend , and did I mention the menu , it did take a while to decide .
We had wait staff that was in training & the service was wonderful .
Probably tbe best wings in Arizona .
Food was okay , but we 'll be back because we had a good time .
did they spill the sugar ?
The pasta was homemade , so that was good , but the sauces and overall flavors were just blah .
The only real options are a $ 45 four - course meal or a $ 65 chef tasting meal .
It 's actually the best Mexican food I 've had in Louisiana .
I called in a to - go order for one item and was told it would be 20 minutes .
At first it got declined and then a manager came over .
It 's a frequent lab lunch spot .
Probably the cleanest , freshest and friendliest location I have been too in Reno .
We went here to celebrate our 4th Year Annivervsary and my birthday on September 11 , 2016 .
The wait staff was friendly and quick .
That does NOT mean you would get one of the rooms with the balcony overlooking the waterfalls , river and beautiful gardens .
The atmosphere is classy , quiet and enjoyable even on a Friday or Saturday night .
I had their truffle burger last week and it was AMAZING .
It came apart again on the third try ...
Staff was extremely friendly and helpful .
This is our new go - to place !
Hubby had to drive back to the restaurant to get her meal corrected .
I got the miso soup and scallion pancake and miso soup .
This was my first visit to this chain .
We 've been to this location 4 times in the past year and have consistently left disappointed .
Honestly , the service alone was enough for us to come back and tonight we did .
If you 're ever in the mood for an affordable and tasty Po'Boy in the Gentilly area , make sure you stop at Zimmers .
The grits were gummy and the gravy was kind of like paste with a hint of chlorine .
It 's one of the best low key sushi places in center city .
Amber Indian is worth the drive to suburban hell -- it 's by far the best Indian in the metro area !
The cole slaw was great .
The tasted homemade and the filling was good .
I ca n't say anything good about this place .
I can see why this won awards .
It 's cute , and has a nice patio , and I really wanted to like it .
I 'm loving this place .
Greasy burger , extremely greasy fries , slow service ..... and all for the low cost of $ 44 dollars ( with the $ 5 tip we left ) .
Our server was nice enough to box up a croissant and coconut lime dossant ( a.k.a .
I consider myself a sushi snob , and I was a bit concerned by the 3.5 star rating ...
Just not on a Sunday Morning ... although everyone very friendly and the line does move along pretty fast .
I wish we had n't listened to those reviews , because this is the BEST pancake house ever !
Terrible service , terrible food , terrible management .
I ve been to this one multiple times now .
I went to earls for a chamber if commerce mixer where the food is free and the drinks are a la carte .
The drinks were amazing I had the margarita .
My friend ordered the Ahi Tuna Ceviche ( $ 12 ) as her main meal .
I 'm somewhat of a picky eater so this concept was a scary one to me , but it turned out to be great .
The oyster appetizer was delicious and so were my shrimp and grits .
I would come back here again for the very strong drinks and fun dancing ( and I do n't dance ... )
Last night , 1/17/15 , was an exception .
Way many better other options in new orleans
No extra mushrooms and not a drop of red or marinara sauce .
I had the mushroom burger ( vegetarian ) with tater tots and it was delicious and flavorful !
Folks who work here are extremely pleasant .
I would have to say that I 've visited Prohibition a couple times in the last week and have been impressed .
We also tried the fried calamari ; it was good .
The main attraction is the aquarium , not the food .
I am not honestly certain what the other two were , they were white fleshed fish , I think one may have been swordfish .
My pork leg was tender and good which constitutes the lonely little star you see above .
My son had a hamburger and fries which was fine .
The hospitality was priceless !
The manager told us he was hired in to get it back to the way it used to be .
ate there a week ago Sunday lunch ... great service ... a - ok / good baked chicken , bagette , side salad , corn muffin , & bloody mary .
+ Shrimp & Grits : The bacon wrapped gulf shrimp was delicious .
The drinks were good and our waitress was polite , just not very attentive .
The drinks that come with the childrens meals are about 4 ounces , which seems a little stupid if you ask me .
We look forward to many return trips here .
She said,"they're tacos .
Mac and cheese was not cold and collard greens were not good .
The pulled pork was tasteless and watery , the collard greens was hot .
The food is always great & was very good on this occasion .
The cake is moist and fluffy , while the whipped cream is chocolatey .
I ordered the Dirty Chai latte -- which usually , I love !
Now on to my service , I 've always been greeted with a cheery good morning and I absolutely adore the oatmeal .
The food was just ok , edible but not very flavorful .
The cats are super cute and cuddly and sweet ...
Yes I know there is a typo , and no I am NOT the one who posted the business listing .
I had the green curry and it was a filling and tasty meal .
Our friend had the limoncello chicken which he really enjoyed .
I was craving for dinuguan and although it was cooked well , I was expecting the traditional sour taste .
Was seated right away at a table in the back .
The free limoncello shot at the end of the meal is a nice touch .
I read the reviews and heard the ravings and to be honest I went in skeptical because yelp reviewers let me down 9/10 .
It is very tight quarters and there are no hooks for purses or coats .
But the lobster sandwich is a must try ! ! ! !
restaurant ambiance is right .
Each were good , but both of our favorites were the Greek .
1st time here , my three friends and I ordered 4 bowls of ranmen and 4 cans of melon cream soda .
Winner 's is hands down my favorite place to karaoke in Nashville .
I do n't understand why this place has a line out the door wrapped around the block every day .
ended up leaving without food .
It was a little doughy ; more like crusty dumpling than bread .
He seemed annoyed that i asked him to repeat the special .
It 's become part of my day .
Mac n cheese was average .
However , I was n't greeted by an actual person for 10 minutes after finding a seat .
I went with my wife after hearing somewhat good reviews and decided to go .
Great happy hour and quizzo fun on a Sunday funday !
The staff was nice and actually found us entertaining as they started to recognize us when we would come it .
Everything was cooked to perfection : eggs over medium , wheat toast perfectly toasted , and crispy bacon .
It 's just a great place to sit , enjoy your meal and have a long conversation with your friends .
I guess there are quite a few Korean restaurants in the same vicinity .
Even with the huge craving I had for pho .
I personally ca n't get enough to do the orange chicken .
Sesame chicken had a good taste and was n't over / under cooked though the sauce it was in tasted much sweeter than anticipated .
and more awful than the regularly awful Philly style pizza .
He was probably one best waiters I have ever sat with .
They were n't the best I 've ever had but they were strong and who cares at that price !
The only complaint is that the paper lining the plate ended up in my food .
Nothing prepared us for the 45 minutes of waiting that we ended up standing through .
I was so excited for a mac & cheese only store and ended up disappointed .
The sauce was really the only issue I had with the meal .
Albondigas Caseras- our favorite dish , these meatballs had so much flavor packed into them .
This place is unique and amazing , if you have ever been in a Berlin Cafe in Germany this place will bring back memories .
I will say , the waiter and manager were very nice and friendly .
I really liked this place for a long time when its was Steve 's .
The chicken piccata and spinach salad was delicious !
The Brown Shugga pie is stupid good .
however found my self and family there by happenstance .
It was a decent size ( 12 " ) , pork was grilled just enough and not dry .
My sister thought the server was a cutie and we even went back a week later without a Groupon .
My mother , a regular customer , stopped by shortly before lunch time along with my 1 year old child .
Once our meal was done and taken away , we were given dessert menus and the server disappeared for 10 - 15 minutes ...
We 've already recommended to family and friends locally , and expect to return soon .
This place is well worth the visit , as everything I had was amazing .
This is my new favorite breakfast spot ! !
Pros : The staff was friendly and the sriracha sauce for the fries was good .
The Kani salad and crazy Friday roll was my favorite .
I ca n't emphasise enough how much the staff and manager need to change .
It is nice to not have to drive as far for good pizza .
Great service , a bit small but still nice to eat in !
Ovtall , i would nt give this restaurant any stars for the food service , but for the server she was good .
The funny thing is my Chicken Tikka Masala , which was amazing , looked like it had a french fry in it .
What a great experience !
The owner is also a great guy who works there all the time .
I had beef short rib were tender but the presentation was a bit weak .
We cancelled the drink order and ordered something different .
We ate at three places in NOLA over 36 hours .
If your intent is n't to wine and dine and instead shimmy in your seat with cheap alcohol , this is n't the place for you .
My friend ordered the portabella burger and raved about how delicious it was .
The service here is just incredible .
My favorites from here are the mapo tofu , even better than most Bay Area places , and the spinach dish .
My only issue was with the thousand island style sauce it made my bun also extremely soggy .
so of course that means to me i just have to go at a time no one else would be there !
Explained the preparation of the meal and just had some nice conversation .
The food was phenomenal - DO NOT miss the short rib pasta .
It is nt a full wait service , something inbetween since you do help yourself to beverages and condiments etc .
Coming from NYC that is an amazing bargain .
Contrary to some other reviews about the crowded seating , I thought it was rather spacious .
The service was excellent !
My food was ready on time and the price was quite reasonable .
And then order that bagel .
The dumplings of the day were Pork and Mung Bean , and they were decent .
I liked the chicken philly .
The service was wonderful - the barista was pleasant and greeted me right away when I walked in .
The potato soup was still really good though .
It was so good , I forgot to take photo .
It 's not uncommon for it to be dead on a Friday or Saturday night .
Slowest service at night ...
The food was incredible and service was great .
The drinks are generous and delicious .
This is a good stop if you 're near Route 42 or heading through Clementon .
I did nt realize a hotel could be so dog friendly especially to a big dog .
The chicken sandwich was a greasy piece of thin chicken between to pieces of grease soaked bun ...
So I took our glasses directly to the bartender for our refills instead .
It 's a real beach town , not South Beach .
I grew up less than 10 minutes from GBC so I 'm no stranger to this place .
In fact , if he wanted to go right this second , I still would .
Bacon wrapped meatloaf , mashed potatoes and sliced carrots .
Their sliders are a bit on the pricey side to me but tasty nonetheless if you 're willing to pay the price .
( Location ) wise perfect for saint Joe 's students or anyone traveling to west Philly .
While the food and the atmosphere were great , what really tipped the scale for me was the service .
The spicy tuna is delicious !
I must have missed the memo .
The okra was yummy , although a bit skimpy on shrimp .
This was chips , salsa verde , one fried egg and a very thin boneless piece of grilled chicken .
Shared a salad as well that was absolutely huge and delicious with apples and beets !
We were in the restaurant for more than hour ; at no time did they make an effort to replenish the drink machine station .
My wife and I started off with two glasses of California ( Foxbrook ? ) Cabernet wine and a Caprese salad .
however the real turn off was the service .
The experience I had at the weekend buffet at Indias Kitchen was nowhere close to the reviews here .
Hibachi grill : i got steak ... chef asked me 2x how i like mine - medium ... Still ended up with well done .
It is well worth your hard earned dollar to indulge in this delicacy .
They hemmed and hawed and finally said ok , but by that time , we were fed up and left .
The best thing about this cafe is the French fries !
The gumbo is good as well .
Also is n't fair for servers to have to have to apologize for management and kitchen staff not doing their jobs right .
Good place for breakfast and lunch ! !
We spent less here for lunch than we did for dinner at the Red Fish Grill .
We went for brunch .
In addition to this , the music was extremely loud and distracting , and the lighting was much too dim .
Stood in line and were ignored .
The owner Jose is very friendly and tries to visit every table to make sure everyone is satisfied .
Every time I come into town , this is one of my must - stop restaurants .
We had drinks and appetizers and both were fantastic !
Good hollandaise , really nice grits and biscuit too .
We hit the lunch buffet every so often and it is reliably good .
Upon our second go - around of fries , the garlic and parm seemed more generous .
Paud parking on the street was easy to find .
2nd time here , and not impressed , the 1st time was not memorable either but not as bad as the 2nd time .
It was Monday , December 28th , 2015 and we had a reservation for 7 people at 6:45pm .
Two thumbs up for the patience and kindness they offered me ! ! !
After 3 attempts , I 'm writing the Daily Bread off and wo n't return .
Our group was not expecting 5 star service and we were pretty low maintenance .
It did spark some conversation and laughter at least !
A good place for some good fry bread ! !
They also have homemade ice cream , sundaes , banana splits , brownie sundaes , and waffle bowls / cones .
I 've been there a few times so I guess you can def put me down as a fan too .
I can see myself returning for more , we were very pleased with the food .
Used to be the route , by stagecoach , to Santa Barbara from the Santa Ynez valley .
The waffle and biscuit was a little heavy but overall good .
And introduced him self like this way " HI I AM SOBI I AM FROM NEPAL .
This was the major issue with this restaurant : there was no defined organization .
I had the lobster ravioli , the meatball appetizer and the brownie dessert .
and when the bartender realized he forgot , he was n't even apologetic .
The prices were good and the staff were very nice .
Now for the reason I gave 3 * .
Oh and charged for peppers that I specifically said I did n't want but was given non the less .
Dry and overcooked ... and they ran out of onions .
They had a very nice selection of beer and inside was small but comfortable .
She asked for the gluten free menu and they obliged .
They screwed up my ordered and their first response was " Sorry , we ca n't take the sandwich back after its served .
Our little girl got the strawberry cream and it was really good also- much better than your average strawberry ice cream !
Ate here several times over the week .
Ok so this was my first vegan meal and it did not disappoint .
The food was blah .
They had 3 different ones that contained peanut butter and another 2 that had banana in it .
The owner also took me out to show me his smoker and it is awesome .
After the flippant response , our waitstaff 's avoidant behavior continued .
I 'm used to smaller , briny oysters of the Pacific Northwest , so maybe that 's just it is down in those parts ?
I guess I have become very picky with my Yelp addiction in terms of scrutinizing every establishment I go to pretty thoroughly .
Does n't offer me a plate .
I was pleasantly surprised with this taco joint .
I have a huge crush on their curried goat .
The atmosphere was quaint and cozy , the staff was delightful and friendly and the food was out of this world .
I love eggplant and it was perfectly cooked .
The spring rolls and veggie rolls are delicious .
Extra kudos to her for trying to be my buddy 's wingman after she misread the situation .
The sandwich was good though .
This Wendy 's is a good location .
The service has always been friendly and courteous .
I was unpleasantly surprised by lunch today , where since Cheesecake Factory is very good , perhaps my favorite chain restaurant .
The waitress we had tonight was a bit overwhelmed , we asked for her to provide simple things ( e.g.
Servers who were n't even ours stopped to ask if we had what we needed , if we were liking things etc .
2 crab clusters and 2 pieces of corn should NOT cost 25.00 !
Going to Cappy 's is like being sucked into a time warp to the 1980s .
My boyfriend got the two - meat plate with brisket and pulled chicken with potato salad and fries .
The hostess was utterly useless .
Atmosphere was dark and cozy .
After that , we had a couple friends join us and our server had practically disappeared .
I do n't know if they 're not big fans of excess veggies at JB 's or what , but it was a strange warning .
Plus side a free refill on horchata and had good different condiments
Our order was wrong , the food was burned , the slaw had way too much vinegar , and the ribs were rock hard .
The sauce is good too but on the sweet side so it 's something u have to be in the mood for .
2 teas and cornbread for 20 bucks .... the mild is mild ...
They did something that I 'm not accustomed to seeing in restaurants : they cared .
If they could have dispatched us in 30 minutes they would have .
I ordered the 500 burger .
However , he did n't care when the person got rude with me again .
I got a salad which was ok and my date got the rabbit dish which was pretty small .
The decorations are awesome , and the tables are really elaborately done .
We were visiting Philly for the weekend a some friends recommended HipCityVeg .
And then all of a sudden , on our last visit , my guy and I got excellent service .
The short ribs appetizer was terrible , it was tough and dry with a weird gamey flavor to it .
Patio is amazing !
Highly recommend this place .
I would describe it was southern mac and cheese .
My favorite is still Your Choice on State , but Meun Fan was passable if I do n't feel like driving to Santa Barbara .
We noticed that our bill was alot more than it usually would be .
Salad ingredients were not very fresh .
Ok , read the reviews and then walked by ..
The young cashier asked if it was our first visit and offered samples before we ordered .
In a flat town , the last thing you want to be looking at is someone else 's roof .
The atmosphere is very nice .
It 's a little loud cause it 's very open and has a cement floor so it echos a bit .
- Sea bream - My friend was unimpressed with both the sea bream and the pork belly that came with it .
After doing a triple take , I realized I was indeed reading properly .
This restaurant is clearly a horror , living off of the tourists .
I had a little Happy Hour dinner here with my girls after work .
It had all my favorite ingredients .
texture was nice and meat like .
I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich ( no onion ) .
The place needs to be shut down .
This was an amazing hotel from the service to the room .
I also had the dolmades which were delicious as well .
First , do n't let the line intimidate you .
Despite the limited amount of chicken on my sandwich it was pretty good .
The marsala sauce was tasty , but the chicken had a very thick coating of flour .
i have nt been here in years , and was so excited to go back .
I am not a big fan of corn bread , either , but they came to the table warm , slightly sweet , and moist .
it started off by them not answering the phone when i called so i resulted in making an online order .
Their food was good just a poorly managed restaurant .
And without good coffee , what 's the point of breakfast ?
Not a fan , but I am rather picky .
This place could be a gimmicky , tourist - trap - y kind of place .
From then our pizzas took about 45 minutes ( they were both small ) .
You do HAVE to get a salad -- they are too good to miss .
Inside was chewy like a cake donut which was good .
The shrimp & grits was great & the BBQ shrimp , according to family , was even better .
Unfortunately , the one lucid memory I have of Ruth 's Chris does n't even involve steak .
So worth the money ! !
It came out in a big pot with vegetables looking like left overs .
My friend had veggie sausage - she said it was so good she wondered if it was really veggie !
Great service and the food was also very good .
The hot chocolate hit the spot those times , but it was n't the best thing ever .
He left about 3 bites and the crust .
While waiting , I sent the groupon to skeptical friends .
We came here for the first time on a slow Sunday morning but did n't even get to eat .
The best place for oysters .
I had a great meal and was very satisfied .
They make you feel at home here .
There is a weird texture to them that is quite breadlike , they reminded us of very plain kingcake .
You could even see stacks of unwashed plates in the kitchen .
Fantastic happy hour !
The grits were my FAVORITE -- all super buttery -- and I do n't even like grits !
We had envisioned breakfast at first , but then they described the soups , so we changed it up .
A wonderfully delightful meal !
This was our first meal in NOLA and we did not have time to make reservations anywhere else .
We went to Germantown Pub for trivia night .
I have no idea what these people are talking about .
The staff were super friendly and helpful and it is a great place to sit down at one of the tables and read or study .
After a long drive home we were looking for a nice quiet dinner so decided to try this place .
I just do n't like shredded beef , I guess .
If you have a choice between locations , you 'll probably find more in Broadripple ( 52nd and College Ave . ) .
All U have to do is ask .
I am always here with friends and its so close to a few of our houses so its perfect .
I do n't like chain restaurants and try to avoid them , but I must say I really prefer Bertuccis to this place .
Not many wines , though .
I did not enjoy the food .
I particularly liked the steaming hot joe and German Chocolate cake .
Highly recommend this restaurant .
The good news of the review- the vocals of the Gatlins were delicious !
Loved this meal and left extremely full .
Folks w/o food say " go ahead , do n't wait " .
He then handed us a menu and said we could order it off of the web from foodcab.net .
Everything is amazing here , all of the time .
Disclaimer : This review is based on the Sunday buffet .
A great place for dinner after work !
Probably one of my favorite places in Philly .
Thank you to the staff for making my birthday dinner experience the best ever !
Food was really good .
That is the only small plate with which you should concern yourself .
I had the Cumin Pork spiced to level 10 my friend had chicken fried rice .
The salmon was bland , but the bbq chicken sandwiches were great !
But anyhow , the fish was NOTHING like the previous visit .
The food is excellent , however my husband had the ribs ( his usual ) last night and he said they tasted phoned in .
I was about to stop there again , then I saw the sign for Joe 's Pizza , and it said that you can get it by the slice .
This is by far the best place in town to get a burger and enjoy a great atmosphere !
I was born and raised in Thailand so I know my Thai food .
Table next to me had the striped bass with black bean sauce and it looked amazing .
Was given a single plain cheeseburger .
While on vacation in Santa Barbara , we happened upon this gem .
Placed our orders fairly quick .
My friend had a special Mexican themed crepe which she enjoyed .
I received the tickets for the " Double Happiness : Sushi & Dim Sum Class " as a birthday gift .
The prices are determined by the color of the plates .
You 'd think the hamburgers would be great ... not so .
I also ordered a deluxe coffee drink cappuccino .
Eggplant parm was great too !
My husband had the blackberry jalapeno ribs ( spicy and to die for ! ) and I had an oyster po boy ( good ) .
The desserts were to die for ! !
I used to work at family video so I basically lived for the Marcos pizza when I came into my part time job .
I usually get the berry bowl ( I do n't like carrots and what not in my bowls ) and it 's the bomb .
I 'm not MSG sensitive but they did say they used a little bit with the pho broth .
The server was great too .
Crab cakes were amazing !
Just kidding , the commie people like French bread too .
The order was right , hot and oh so good !
I spent ten minutes picking red pepper flakes out of the soup and my mouth .
The onion rings were not quite great but not bad .
The kid had a side of scrambled egg .
The Spaghetti Factory is the perfect place to dine if you 're on a date or celebrating a special occasion .
Since it was 83 degrees outside with 70 % humidity , we found this unsatisfactory and had to request ice .
The owners live above it and really care about the place .
And the best of all , service was perfect .
Should have gone for the full dozen it was that good .
She maintained the 3 parties well and both other tables seemed happy .
Others walked in and waited , but left after not being acknowledged .
It would only stand to reason I would n't be a fan of " artsy " calzones from Sauce on the Side .
I went both for lunch and happy hour .
We started out with a couple glasses of wine and a sautéed calamari .
Cute Japanese restaurant in Old City .
As many times we talked to him about something , he never seemed annoyed or bothered .
Did the cook know what a chimichanga was ?
definitely stopping by the next time we visit Reno again
Lot 's of restaurants balk at the idea of you coming in for only one item , but not Cyranos .
It was the only frozen margarita on the menu and was pomegranate .
And esp families , stay clear !
OR , if you are on a studio binge , you can go to the benches and get your study down with the Vandy and Belmont kids .
I 've been here several times , and only once have I not had a pleasant experience .
I ca n't say enough good things about the people that work behind the counter .
It made the sandwich extremely difficult to eat so I just gave up .
I got the DeLuxe Scramble with spinach and broccoli and it was super yummy .
Dandan noodles are especially delicious ! !
I picked the fried and battered version , though the tortilla chip covered fish could have been awesome .
We each had different entrees and shared a couple appetizers , everything was flavorful and generous portions .
The aioli on the shrimp tacos was the best part .
My boyfriend and I went to this bar after leaving a show at House of Blues .
I really LOVE LOVE LOVE the decor and atmosphere here , eclectic industrial and slightly vintage- so super cute !
We can call in orders and they are accurate and always ready when we arrive .
Help was attentive , and polite .
My recommendation for chaat : go for the mild , even if you like really spicy food .
I ca n't believe anyone has anything bad to say about this place !
First of all the sliders are amazing ! !
There s so many places to eat around there i would probably try another place the next time i m in the area .
The atmosphere was fun and different compared to the modern scene I 've seen in many other restaurants in the city .
Pretty cool place .
I was n't feeling like having a full on sandwich or anything but there are n't really any smaller sized options .
I chose pumpkin cake flavor which was delicious and smooth .
What killed it was the fact that the order was wrong and I got the wrong fries .
The service was a little slow .
These guys do , apparently .
I have had a few pretty good experiences here and one really negative one that prompted our party to leave before eating .
The " mississippi mud pie " was n't even a pie , but a 6 ounce mason jar half filled with chocolate pudding .
I 've always felt the value for experience here was excellent and it 's only ever a matter of when , not if , I 'm going back .
Absolutely love their Marsala dishes and what really make them are the quality of meat they use .
The grilled octopus was dry and did not taste fresh .
We got in and out in about an hour .
And then we waited for our entrees , the tilapia special with shrimp , crab and scallops .
You are welcomed by the owner when you walk in who is very friendly and wants to ensure you are enjoying the meal and service .
Was n't a huge deal to me as I 'm pretty lax but perusing other reviews , this could be a prelude to a s*fit to someone else .
OBTW I passed on the hooka
The service was really good and very friendly , and the overall atmosphere is pretty good , though unmemorable .
I went on a Sunday afternoon around 1 pm , and it was busier than I expected it to be .
in Pinellas Co , it 's almost as convenient as the Waters area to south Tampa , so I very well might return .
Good luck to all the most excellent staff that made us feel at home when we would visit .
The food is delicious as usual and the show was fantastic .
Otherwise , she was sweet enough , but seemed like she was too overwhelmed to maintain decorum .
But customer service really blows ! ! !
I did n't even know tarragon had that natural taste , it 's always mixed in with other herbs when I 've had it .
We were told we could make a reservation for 30 minutes later and come back .
The calzone was perfectly crispy and the chicken and bacon really balanced out the creaminess of the mac n cheese .
I live half a block from here and for some reason , never stopped in .
The last time this happened , the server had n't even given the kitchen our order .
I also tried their nitro cold brew ( does n't have ice ) , which was interesting .
The place is kind of a zoo , but it 's worth it for those cheap brunch drinks .
The ingredients are so fresh .
I thought the mac n ' cheese was blah .
The first time I went , they had just opened .
Everything was very , very good , especially the jambalaya , which was spiced perfectly for me !
Funny how people pay for such luxurious things for you when you get married , is n't it ?
The meal was probably one of the best I 've ever had and we came back twice during our six day stay .
Sign up for the email lists as well they will keep you in the know of all the happenings going on during the week .
Do n't be at the wrong end of the table .
We will continue to go back because Valentinos is a solid restaurant most of the time .
We highly recommend and will definitely go back the next time we are in NOLA ! !
Thank God they opened a Center City location .
Our 5th person arrived at 8:15 & the food still was n't there .
They check all of the items you purchased , and hand it over to you to add tip and sign .
Thanks to Nathan for being such a great server !
She made it a priority to speak with all of the customers .
The fish was so tough it could n't even be cut with a fork .
That 's kind of a downer , and our group of four ended up waiting half an hour for a table .
It was a good family friendly place to watch the basketball game on the large screen TVs .
I * LOVED * the green chile quesadilla .
Nobody really checked on us except to ask if we wanted to order more food .
this place is fun and unique .
Apple sauce also came with it .
The meal came out fast and ....
She was attentive , kept the fresh iced tea coming and she was extremely personable .
The cheese on the sandwich did n't even cover 1/2 of the 1/2 of one side of the piece of bread .
I love what is happening on 22nd Street .
I 've been here several times and it was always OK .
I am thinking ... with a little disappointment , should I come back for dinner time ?
We went there on a Monday since we had a coupon and did n't want to be " those " people and go on a weekend .
Usually when I go with someone else we load up on brushetta and cheese and split a panino .
Prices are VERY reasonable and the staff is great too ! !
I did n't have to ask for water refill , she was already there .
That is a great thing about Pi .
Biscuits and gravy were incredible .
The range from just a general musty smell and uncleanness ...
Our app arrived in a decent amount of time , and it was delicious .
Everyone who comes here on sundays does the buffet and at 17 pp it 's a deal and then some .
Every time I come to NOLA I discover a new " must have " ...
My main complaint is how small this place is .
Easy to eat the meat off the leaves , leaves pulled off easy from the heart .
Food : mediocre at best .
Great location near Lafayatte Park .
The wings were delicious all of the food that I saw go by looks to be very good .
The servers were super nice though .
Waitress was real nice and went through the menu with us .
The burgers you have choices of substituting beef , chicken , lamb or bison .
Everything we got was good and the price was right .
It was served with plantain chips , which were slightly spicy , and the spice went great with the tuna .
The good- My daughter had the pork chop , which might have been the disappointment .
as my party and i were ordering , our waiter would not stop rushing us .
FYI- there is a maximum of 6 people allowed for this seating .
The food was great , the service excellent .
We were pretty excited about take out sushi in the area so we gave it a shot .
The dressing was tasty as well - a difficult feat .
The atmosphere is great , you can tell they put a lot of love and effort into what they do .
Its embarrassing when they have NO CLUE what the difference between a scotch or a bourbon is .
My husband ordered ribs so I tried one and it was really good and tasty .
Walked in- stood at the counter & watched 4 staff ignore us- one on the phone , one taking a break ?
The menu had something for everyone in our group from the vegetarian to the meat eater .
I was n't really in a karaoke kind of mood , but it was fun hearing those brave souls step up to the mike and give it their all .
I just started going to Sushi Nara this month ( they opened just a short time ago ) .
One point it was 340 pm and we asked our server if they had desserts .
I specially liked their surround sound system .
I was a little taken aback by her scoff and said : " I do have it , hold on a sec ! "
I 've been here several times and no matter how slow or how busy the restaurant is , it takes at least 2 hours to eat here .
The restaurant was clean and cute with a nice outdoor dining area and the server was so friendly .
I 've been trying to get my wife to eat Mexican for years now and she insists that she does n't like it and it 's " too spicy " .
She also showed me the menu with sushi and the sushi bowls with the combinations they already had .
my dad ordered the pesto chicken pasta which he swallowed up .
Louis , if in the area I would try it
The right place for the best authentic - tasting NY bagels .
Most Panera 's I 've been do have a nice spread of coffee .
However they do not serve alcohol , so we had to go next door to gat the drinks then come back to be seated .
So far we have tried 3 different varieties of the crepes and they are Ridiculously Delicious .
It 's canned , or at least it tastes canned , and I do n't think it was any good before it made it into the can to begin with .
I think they have caught on to our order ...
When we walked in , I did notice group of staff standing around the bar talking .
This time I ordered the Shepherd 's Pie , marked as one of their specialties and they are all a pub after all .
The bread was perfectly toasted and crusty , just the way bahn mi should taste !
Firstly they two beers that my friend and I wanted to try were out .
I had the chance to have dinner at Square on a Friday night and it was a great experience .
My first visit I ordered shrimp taco , the crispy shell were very burned , complete inedible .
All in all , a great low - key place to go get a meal with friends and linger ...
Food was a bit cold but overall great taste !
Still , though , it 's annoying when you have to shout at dinner to be heard by the people sitting across from you .
I just ca n't stress enough how bad this restaurant is .
I have to only give three stars because I was not completely impressed .
I 'd highly recommend this as a party venue or just as a good brunch place
This place could n't be friendlier !
We stopped in on a Saturday morning and had about a 20 minute wait for a table .
Such an all - around great experience coming here .
My boyfriend and I like to split them just as a nice hearty snack .
We have been eating here for years .
Samurai is a cute little Japanese restaurant .
Went here for the Sunday Jazz brunch and loved it !
I 've lived near this place for many years .
Unfortunately , this place does n't do it .
The interior atmosphere is lively , inviting , and unique .
I stopped by and their pastries and such looked good .
They brought us hot towels to freshen up .
That aside , the french fry poboy , and the mac ' n cheese sandwiches are amazing .
The fried fish taco is WONDERFUL , as is all of the other food .
Should my star rating be based upon comparing Sam 's to all Sports Bars in which I have ever been ?
Not only is the food awesome , but the owner ( Joe Vuskovich ) is a local celebrity .
Because of its size , it 's a little noisy , but not bad .
The cheese was cheap and rubbery , and there was NO MEAT in the lasagna to speak of .
The crab was fresh & crisp & the lemon butter sauce was so fabulous , I had to dip some bread into it .
The food was all right , the wait staff was FANTASTIC ( the sole reason to go is the staff , honestly ) .
I do n't want to be mean so I will sum up this experience as a can miss .
And from that point until after we received our food , we never saw our waiter again .
Unfortunately , that is when our experience at Sunday 's ( on a Sunday morning ) took a 180 degree turn for the negative .
Ordered the Chelada and my husband ordered the Jalapeno Margarita which were both so flavorful .
We waited another 20 minutes and the pizza never came out , but it was coming in 2 minutes .
The only thing I would say is that the patties are very thick .
There 's a number of health violations there .
Come at sunset ...
The mac n ' cheese is amazing .
Jr bacon cheeseburgers and fries .
When I have showed a worker the menu on my phone with their location and the date they just shrug and look at you blank .
I called back and at that point she told me she 'll get me arrested for harassment if I call again ...
We stopped into this restaurant due to its convenience to our tour bus pickup across the street .
From the owner to the delivery guy everyone is so pleasant and friendly live this place highly recommend for lunch and dinner
I had a combination dinner pad Thai and coconut soup .
I got the goulash , spatzle and red cabbage .
I really wanted to like this place because of the cool ambiance .
Tip : sit at the bar during happy hour and get a vip view of the oysters being shuck .
The food was mediocre at best and the service was subpar .
My wife 's eggs were cold .
This quaint little neighborhood cafe is just the bees knees .
Our new favorite breakfast place !
Louis style , we prefer the thick crust , which is more like a typical pan pizza .
I Highly recommend this restaurant !
Chow Kueh Teow was like a seafood Chow Fun , and super tasty .
The home fries on the side were super amazing too , the seasoning on it was just enough and had the perfect crunch .
Not a huge fan of habachi so that 's not what I would go there for .
The bloomin onion was not the onion the restaurant usually uses because it was on the spicy side .
Each dish was superb , authentic , and exactly what it should be .
We placed our order to go because we love to eat at home , however they have a huge dining area and flat screen t.v .
Ca n't wait to try for breakfast - in a different seat course !
The staff was also personable .
It was family friendly and I understand why everyone likes it .
We can only speak for the wild berry gelato which was a nice finish to a excellent pasta meal .
The food is fresh and very good - plus reasonably priced .
The seaweed salad and burrito had A LOT of cilantro .
I like this place .
That is n't to say it is bad - it 's just the Americanized ( and nothing compared to the real stuff ) Chinese food .
I was glad to see that a decent selection of beers on tap ( I went with Anchor Steam ) .
And the customer service forget it amazing everybody is so kind and sweet ! ! !
I enjoyed the catfish and the cheese grits are amazing .
The side of Capellini pasta was equally disappointing .
I really like the atmosphere in Jones .
I had the falafel platter and it was awesome .
Everything was so smooth today for the grand opening .
We ate at the bar , made new friends and savored a delectable lunch .
Their acai bowls are really good , everything is fresh and tasty !
I 'm from New York City so I 'm used to omelets and oatmeal for breakfast and that 's not an easy thing to find in New Orleans .
It 's a very quiet restaurant so that 's nice and peaceful .
Lol ... ordering the cinnamon roll is a must .
We like the Nashago pizza , but it tastes different every time .
And I 've had them picked same - day from the Monterey Bay .
This is an unassuming place in a small shopping center on Rt 29 in Collegeville .
I have nothing but good things to say about this restaurant and the people who work here .
You must go here for breakfast ! ! !
My husband really enjoyed the lamb burger !
I never write reviews , but I felt compelled to write this one because the food really was stellar .
I knew he was on Top Chef , but to be honest , as much as I love restaurants and food , I just ca n't do cooking competition shows .
Finally decided to stop in for lunch .
All the ingredients were fresh and I 'm sure the sausage pieces in the lasagna were homemade .
But still , he walked back and forth , right in front of me , for about 10 - 12 minutes .
Without asking the customer ? ?
The service was excellent , the facilities were very nice and I was fairly impressed with catering .
We had classic cheeseburgers and the bison burger along with an onion tower ( yummo ) .
Additionally , it was very skinny and the sauce was just ginger .
I will say that my husband said the fries got really salty at the end .
We arrived here looking for a decent brunch during a sudden downpour .
I also like their ancho BBQ chicken burrito but it 's pretty hefty .
I know it 's not fancy , but the food is fantastic !
My BBQ chicken pizza and greek salad were both delicious but I was super disappointed in the beer selection .
We then had stuffed crab with greens and Mac and cheese .
Food was mediocre at best .
I 've been to five other juice bars in the Tampa Bay Area .
We 're weekly regulars .
Two awesome restaurants right next to each other .
The engineer arrived about 15 minutes later - was able to diagnose but not totally fix the problem .
The toast is very soft and sweet .
Well done guys !
I do n't think I even waited more than a minute or two each time to have my glass of water refilled .
Whenever I was here for brunch , there was never a wait and not that many guests .
Spicy kimchi , pickled cucumbers , bean sprout salad , pickled daikon , seaweed salad , oh my !
The Mrs. says their chicken is waffles are top notch too
I would give them 5 but I was disappointed by their reuben .
I really enjoyed my experience at Taqueria del Sol .
It hit all of our favorite food groups :
Oh , and my butt was on fire all the next day , so there .
They are n't really seasoned so the wings are pretty bland .
I had a favorite spot until randomly coming here !
It was very spacious and open and the place is much larger then I initially realized .
My husband got some sort of chicken tacos and he liked them and I got a fajita quesadilla and it was so good .
Anyway , the food is generally good .
I shall continue to praise Dorignac 's to whomever will listen .
The pool is worth the drive from Cali ....
She went on about how the menu is n't intended for carryout and they do n't have proper take out containers .
I went there to rent a locker while I go swimming and one of the employees yells " 20 $ ! "
We made conversation while waiting longer - almost 30 minutes in total .
It 's the most ginormous resort I have ever seen .
The panna cotta was rather unremarkable but the rocky road terrine left us fighting for the last bite .
Good job , Giorgio !
It kills me to give only three stars , but it 's really just my fondness of days gone by that keeps me from giving only two .
The lady at the counter was super nice and friendly .
The food is flavorful , the service is warm and polite and the price ( $ 25 / per person + tip ) is a great deal .
My friend got the Cypress Breakfast which she said was delicious as well .
The menu can be overwhelming , especially if you do n't even know what chaats are when you walk in .
Our server sat us and promised to return with some water and the wine/ cocktails we had ordered .
I went there with my friend , she just came from Arizona .
The guacamole was fantastic and the staff is very welcoming and offered excellent suggestions .
My husband ordered beef fajitas and those were good , too .
G had the philly cheese steak .
Tucked away in a little hidden shopping center in King of Prussia .
She dooooes accept Discover , but cash is definitely preferred .
Our main course arrived about 15 minute after the crab cake .
I love that they delicately put a bib on you and then you dig in !
The granola in it was fabulous crunchy but not overly sweet .
Dinardo 's gave me that " Ick " vibe the minute I set my foot in the door .
If I went back ( unlikely ) I would just go for the pickles and a beer .
Very good pizza !
I guess this is because of the crawfish boil .
The food is average that 's just a tad bit pricey , although the proportion is slightly big .
While we were sitting they grabbed that chow mein noodles and gave it to us served with a spoon ! ! !
Second time was on a Monday , during HH which was I believe between 2 and 5 pm .
Tasty and tender .
This is an awesome dining experience .
This was literally the worst Thai food I have had in my entire life .
We stopped in this past weekend .
We loved the food and the price is reasonable .
Our server was a sweetheart , but the reservation process and initial greeting were unacceptable .
It is impossible to describe but on a hangover stomach it took all I had not to go running for the restroom .
I understand they have just opened but there s no way an establishment should be run this way .
After eating the Shrimp and Grits at Cafe Amelia , we were excited to see how others compared .
The parking lot is smallish and a little hard to turn into if someone is on the way out at the same time .
Came in around 830 on a Saturday night and the place was very full .
Maybe I got the wrong thing ( and by reading the reviews , it sure seems like it ) , but I found Bui 's to be lackluster .
Not a good first impression .
I opted for biscuits and eggs which were fantastic as well ...
Had the Charleston BLT , which is a crab cake BLT .
She proceeded to place me on hold before I could even respond .
My waiter also checked several times but did n't hover .
The one that I originally ordered did n't look much better , except that it did have my bell peppers .
What a great place !
There was an hour wait for a table of two , but the bar was pretty empty so we decided to eat there .
The third salsa , the pics de gallo , was the worst chop job I 've ever seen in a restaurant .
The service was wonderful - the people working there were so nice , especially the one guy who was probably the manager .
And gosh , get rid of those awful undercooked breadsticks .
Beet and goat cheese plin , pheasant lasagnette , mushroom ravioli and the tagliatelle with rabbit ragu .
Decided to do Tampa Pizza Company since we had n't gotten it in a while .
We had a Father 's Day lunch that was exceptional .
We have never had this kind of service before but something has been off the last two times we have gone in there .
Upscale but still casual .
So they will have to detour across Walnut to get to the Ants Pants but it 's worth the hike .
The ice cream was delicious and the staff friendly and efficient .
Needless to say it was another hour before I got the dressing .
The enchiladas w / mole are awesome and the carne asada tacos remind me of Rosarito Beach , yummy !
Jose and his staff have created a very welcoming atmosphere
When main course was brought out 7 of 8 people received their entrees .
For the rest of the review , visit : http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/
It 's pricey but it 's seafood and worth it ! !
It lacked flavor , and did not come out sizzling .
Of all the dessert items , you took the homemade doughnuts with chocolate dipping sauce ?
Every Saturday there 's an Iranian / Mediteranian buffet .
It was a First Friday in old city , so I prepared for a madhouse .
This was our second visit to PJ 's , but the first happened nearly two years ago .
She said that they first AMAZING drink we had must have been made wrong .
I HIGHLY recommend going ANYWHERE else if you would like to be treated with any sort of respect .
Yes it is the closest to NY I have found as well .
My husband had the crab sandwich , and was n't impressed .
They do n't take reservations and you can definitely expect to wait if you show up after 10 am .
My buddy had the original , and another one that I ca n't remember .
Considering the options on the Mainline , they get 5 .
I do n't think they know how to handle the rush of people that come in from South St.
No potato grazed that plate and the duck was on top of what looked like soggy leeks .
This was our first experience eating lunch at Cheddar 's .
Milk tea was good and the boba was better than I expected .
My husband had the pastitsio , which he did not like .
The grouper was fresh , the coleslaw and hush puppies were delicious and my husband has a new favorite fish - Pompano .
I ordered a large traditional on ice and she ordered a pomegranate , frozen .
The tacos & the beers ( we tried Hop , Saison , Helles Other People , Cause & Concern , and Paper Mansions ) were all incredible .
Mine came in the largest bowl I have ever seen the noodles tasted freshly made the dish was excellent .
Great idea poor delivery .
I got the special , fried green tomato sandwich , my husband got the deluxe , mother - in - law got french dip .
We went with Cass Fresh ( a Korean light beer ) and Sapporo .
Do n't text me to tell me my table 's ready and then give my table away when I check in .
The sandwich was delicious with tomato , basil , arugula lettuce on a flat bread .
Beignets were HOT AND FRESH , Cafe Au Lait was PERFECT !
I wo n't go in to everything that went into this masterpiece of a meal .
The only downside is that the wait for the food itself is a bit longer , but nothing unreasonable .
This was sent back and we went to lost love after for pho .
All of the restaurants are way over priced , but the steakhouse is the only one worth the money .
Alicia and Philip were so friendly and went above and beyond to deliver the absolute perfect meal .
Sadly , not only were we not impressed with the food but we actually left hungry .
There are of course other amazing Italian restaurants like Corso 32 or Cibo , but sometimes you just want some pasta and sauce !
After driving an hour back home , I showered and did laundry .
The second time we had the pork " tacos " .
First and similar to other reviewers , we went on a Saturday night and it was 1/2 empty .
I loved the chicken and potatoes !
There was only one bartender on so he was swamped .
Definitely recommend this place as there are not all that many fresh and relatively healthy places in the area .
Now , what I do really like about Village Whiskey is their pickles .
My new home away from home .
However , icing on the cake was the waitress dropping off the check as we finally got our first bite .
Wish we lived closer so this place could become one of our regular spots , but we 'll definitely be back soon !
Of course the patty melt I had for mains was excellent as well , so they do make an awesome burger .
I liked the ahi tuna better .
The food is good and the coffee is great
My ice cream had the texture of a sorbet but a rich taste , which combined with the sticky rice was simply delightful .
For sure my go - to Asian spot in IV
While related to one of the finer restaurants in Indy ( St.
The burger was n't anything spectacular , definitely not anything to rave about .
They could n't deliver my pizza because of a high robbery alert in the area ..
The spicy tuna was great !
The service was wonderful and the crab legs were the best I 've ever eaten !
Do n't bother with the food .
Amber tried to give us old fries and were n't having it .
The place was busy , but was n't loud , it was kept clean , and we will definitely be back to this place .
You can see my reaction in the photo .
Even the larger party that arrived later than us and requested to get some beers and wait outside was seated before us .
It was soggy and the crust was squishy .
I had an AMAZING experience here .
Kudos to them for including both still and sparkling water gratis !
They deliver right to our office floor .
The place is nicely decorated , comfortable and clean .
Meal / Drinks : The cocktails were creative and tasted wonderful .
This place is outstanding .
I 'm giving 3 stars just because of the service ...
The best dish of the night was my steak fajitas .
There 's a bar out there and they even have a huge tv they roll out .
Also recommended : the donuts .
I ordered the shrimp Alfredo .
The red snapper and yellowtail were very good , with lots of fish .
My Friend Nicki Suggested I try Saghanaki ( Greek Cheese pan fried then Flambeed with a shot of Ouzo ) She was right !
I really hate having to give Lucky Belly a 3 star , but when it comes down to a restaurant review , it 's all about the FOOD .
I have seen some pretty awesome performances here .
The drinks were good and cold .
When the waiter came we apologetically asked if we could have some more , and he pretty much had the same reaction !
One day while I was jogging , I noticed Penca .
I do n't even eat that in my own home , so why would I pay for that at what is supposed to be an upscale restaurant .
There 's no reason not to go to New Orleans these days .
My friend loved her Kale salad .
It pains me to give this place a bad review because it 's a Tucson icon and I 've been coming here for years .
Anyway , I watch the expediter make it , and wait , and wait , and wait ....
Our waiter was working the dining room and bar at the same time but he was excellent !
Explained the menu and specials as well as answering all my questions .
I have been to Le Saigon many times over the past five years .
Again , 2 from our table went up to the bar to drink , I stayed with our underaged friend .
The sesame chicken and moo sho shrimp are also family favorites .
On top of all of this , the bathrooms were so filthy they resemble an underground abortion clinic .
My brother and me both had average food but nothing great .
The burgers are fresh and delicious .
I came for breakfast and they have a great variety of coffee drinks , I really appreciated that .
Years and years ago before I lived here , I would come visit various friends and I ended up eating at Christian 's a few times .
My husband did n't order a spicy dish but it was still very good and flavorful .
and I have told dozens of my friends .
In addition to ice cream , you can also order hot beverages which this time of year ( winter ) is also rather nice .
We went here twice in one day we liked it so much .
Chicken cacciatore , a dish I normally would not order , is fabulous here .
The decor is girly but not tacky .
We went for lunch yesterday during restaurant week .
You never know exactly what to expect when you walk in , but make sure you follow the rules .
We asked the waitress if it was made with chickpeas or favas ( or both ) and she said they used chickpeas and red lentils .
The fried green tomatoes were probably the best I 've ever had .
The guests had a great time .
That was not the case here at all and I definitely appreciated that .
The meats are so tender and the rice is perfectly cooked .
The first time you go can be a little overwhelming because it is usually very busy .
I 've been there twice in the last three days .
However , I do n't think we 've ever had great service or good food :( .
I will probably go there a lot less often from now ...
Having recently relocated to central Indiana , and I loved this bar .
I love The Original Pancake House so was glad we had time this morning to stop there .
The staff and owner are delightful as well .
I love the chimichurri .
The calamari appetizer was tender and delicious .
As for our firsts , we shared the beets and corn + truffle custard .
A hidden gem within the community , and great location .
The other salads are good too .
It 's unbelievably full of everything & anything you could possibly want from an Italian market & you can eat there as well !
It gets really scary when you get to the so called fancy doughnuts .
The decor is cool and old world era .
The fries were great , and the homemade sauces were divine .
It was a Saturday night and market st in Philly was swarming with people .
The truffle popcorn was good , but the butter was n't very well distributed .
I went as a group of four and had an excellent time .
It 's very popular during peak hours so you often have to be strategic in snagging a table .
And the wild mushrooms ? ? ?
Very bright lighting .
Draft beer selection was very , very limited .
Ordered Caramel frappe at Drive thru , BIG MISTAKE !
I have to admit , I 'm kind of over Starr restaurants .
We stopped in here a few times for hot chocolates and coffees and the service was very friendly every time .
I 'm not a vegetarian or vegan but I enjoy the food from time to time .
I alway try to go here any chance I get .
My wife had the chicken , which was perfectly cooked and full of flavor .
PRO : The only thing on the menu worth writing about is the butternut squash soup .
I however got the Bison burger and it was wonderful , and the beer was great too !
The food is very good and fresh .
The oxtail though tender was very small and full of fat ...
A very classy spot .
I enjoyed the food !
I just went with my husband and we only got 4 things before we were full , so make sure your crew is cool enough to share food .
I had high expectations going in .
Quaint , cozy and clean .
Every staff member was incredibly friendly , pleasant , professional and seemed to genuinely enjoy their jobs .
We go to a new restaurant every Sunday and this happened to be the one we landed on .
Great idea .
Love this spot .
The bbq shrimp was really good .... they give you a bib so you do n't splatter on yourself .
You wait in line and place your order and then pick it up when your restaurant pager buzzes .
The store refused to give her the order because I was not there with my Card .
The whole outfit seem very very commercial to me , lacking a certain warmth .
BEWARE THIS IS Not an upscale establishment ...
Best hummus in the world ! !
The chicken inside had a lot of flavor and the crust was perfectly crusty .
The best deal here are the $ 3 mimosas .
One of the three bars in Carmel you can actually smoke in !
Apparently they just moved to a new location on Main St in Safety Harbor .
The food was nothing to write home about and nor were the desserts semi frozen spinning in the glass display case .
As my entree I chose the drunken fried rice .
The counter service makes our visit complete .
I just had to try a chocolate shake ( made with soy milk ) after seeing one , and it was absolutely amazing !
Food that was catered from the Hyatt was tasty and never ran out .
I think there was a lot of butter in there .
Overall , much better roast pork at Licios , and better cheesesteaks at SteakOut .
Also , I love the atmosphere of this place ; it 's very simple but genuine ; it 's simply cool without trying to be cool .
two stars only because they did n't charge me for the chicken entree .
Really liked 39 , its grilled chicken , jalepeno and thai peanut sauce .
Did n't try all of the 17 restaurants , but what I did have was just average .
Still love this place .
What a waste of a New Years celebration but a fitting end to a miserable year .
But , it 's a casual neighborhood joint so take it as it comes .
Because all meals are pre - fixe , the dishes come out lightning fast without compromising on quality .
This place insults Chinese cuisine much like Olive Garden does to Italian .
The salmon came next in a cute little jelly type jar w.
the servers were all really nice , and they kept cleaning the tables quite often .
Brian and have been here twice together but many other times separately .
The potatoes surprised me because there were sweet ones in the mix , not bad .
Both my friend and I got the Tavern Jalapeño Margarita .
the duck flatbread was ok , but i really liked the philly roast pork one .
What has brought me to write this review is the mid 30 looking , tall server .
We got there 5 minutes after they opened expecting fresh food on the buffet .
Are waitress was nice and efficient , she did say a party of fifty was expected .
Giant pieces of chicken and the chicken is gross .
There are limited thai restaurants in Nashville but this place is unassuming and service is attentive .
She returned with 1 spoon and said that they were still washing dishes .
it is super spicy ) , and I adore the chicken club .
I 've been here many times of the years , and i ve never once been let down .
It was odd to have that happen , not a show stopper though .
Found parking right in front and there were only four tables taken .
It 's NOT that none of us can do the math !
Quaint new spot on magazine .
You can smell the deliciousness in the air as you approach Ron 's Caribbean cuisine . Their platters are huge !
We stopped by a couple of weeks ago for Sunday brunch .
Probably made the bad decision of coming here for lunch .
Any Maki ( roll ) is absolutely well balanced fresh and so incredibly tasty .
I should have read the reviews before hand as we experienced the SAME ISSUES on undercooked steaks !
The waitress kindly recommended it for 2 , and I 'm glad she did - the plate was stacked with food .
I 've tried everything in the menu and I must say everything is so good .
They move around a bit , Navy Yard , the Linc and at Clark Park on most Saturdays .
We asked for a highchair or booster , and the staff was not sure if they had one .
I honestly do n't think I would go back to this restaurant .
Then my husband left to go to the restroom , the waiter picked up his napkin and refolded it nicely on the table .
Got the spinach dip as an appetizer and it was delicious !
Rolls that were supposed to be hot came cold , pre - made , almost buffet style .
The food was interesting as we ordered the rabbit , the elk , and venison meats !
However , I do pay to trust the esthetician , and the 10,000 watt bulb to see all the stay hairs in view .
In addition to excellent food , my martini was well executed and deliciously potent .
I was still hungry following the meal .
The drinks were pretty high priced but if you are going just for dinner it 's completely worth it .
We ended up with brussels sprouts , patatas bravas , chorizo empanadas , and the pork pastor .
The price was fair , was highly recommended by locals .
Additionally , our server was memorably good .
Was thinking about going to ms maes but I felt way more at home at this place .
Music in there cracks me up it 's like an elevator in a european club !
This was one of my two life - changing culinary experiences , and yet it was cheaper than many other Nashville restaurants .
They turned our dinner completely around the recommended amazing dishes and treated us with respect .
My friend had the venison with the licorice sauce , I 'm not a big fan of licorice , but the venison was cooked just right .
Pour yourself a cup , pull up a chair , and dig in !
It was too late to argue because I was already half way done eating it .
Would I go back , yes definaty .
It was hot and fresh , but on the bland side .
Mom and I upgraded our salads to include their housemade bleu cheese dressing .
nope .... but I 'd come here while waiting for my table at Delicia for sure .
This is my go - to , absolute favorite lunch spot in all of Tennessee .
Both said their food was good .
After we finished we gave him group on from our phone .
One of those places when you leave you ask yourself what just happened ?
little pricey but , it 's a great place to have a wonderful breakfast / lunch and the workers are nice and friendly .
I ca n't say enough good things about Mazzaros !
I was busy reviewing the menu trying to figure out what I wanted .
But it is cramped ... Anyway , the veal Parm was very tasty and did n't make the doggy bag .
I tried a sample of my friends potato salad and it was awesome .
My friends and I were meandering around the Arts & Design district and stumbled upon this restaurant .
Waiter seemed familiar with the menu and the owner stopped by our table at least once .
Outstanding service , beautifully appointed dining room .
The food is great , the service is fantastic , and everything is composts me or recyclable !
The fried chicken is usually my go to dish , but this time I went with the fried shrimp .
Looking to get a reservation at one of my Mom 's favorite testaruants .
You really feel like you 're inside someone 's living room , eating a home cooked meal .
The broth had hints of star anise and cloves .
All in all a solid choice ; you ca n't go wrong with it .
Luckily I was able to try a few of my friends ' dishes .
Came in with 45 mins to spare , employees were cleaning everything up and gave us complete attitude .
The employee did n't need to respond to the customer in such a rude manner .
We hit this place late night for dinner when we got back late from a tour .
If you are a fan of the " hot and spicy " like I am , then get the waitstaff to bring you a small bowl of peppers with fish sauce .
Wow , this fell way short of my expectations .
The number of po ' boys to - go probably overwhelmed Zimmer 's when we ordered but it was well worth the wait .
Was pretty dead but probably because there 's so much going on in the city , State Fair , Symphony on the Prairie , etc .
She replied , " Well , they just came out of the fryer " and walked off .
Since they do n't take reservations for 2 people , and being the smart yelper that I am , I called first to check on the wait .
Given this , I opted for the second stall .
The sis got the regular gyro and really enjoyed it .
The issue that I had was definitely the customer service , it sucked .
Noise level very very loud too .
Yummy yummy yummy is all I can say !
This was a bit icky , but when they put my leftovers in , they included my chicken wing bones .
My husband got the Homefries , & I got the Biscuits & Gravy .
But you 'll get something uniquely n'awlins ! !
It was worth every step .
My boyfriend and I had bought a Groupon for this place in efforts to try something new for our anniversary dinner .
The shrimp tacos !
2nd meal was lunch today , slow service ( not at all busy ) , but the " Club Shula " was a good sandwich .
There was diced ham in the rice and when I called back they told me ham is not the same as pork .
He of course involved a manager ( probably the one we never saw regarding the drinks ) to correct the ticket .
The calamari had a nice light breading , was tender and tasty .
We have eaten here for both brunch and dinner -- both were very good , not standard bar fare at all .
The flavors were astounding , and despite a lack of desire to stuff myself silly , I did anyway .
He tells me it is South Jersey and they do n't like vermouth .
The waterfall that greets you as you walk into the courtyard is a nice touch .
Both my girlfriend and I had silverburgers .
The food and beers were great - nice selection and great taste .
the chicken in the korma pretty much fell apart - so amazing .
He definitely pushed only expensive items when asked for recommendations of wine and entrees though which annoyed me .
Oh , and they used to have this really nice waitress , did n't see her this last time and had to ask for everything ! ! !
Besides that , it 's a great place and I highly recommend it !
I eat Chipotle 4 + times a week , and every time I go to this location I have a terrible experience .
We picked the tuna tartare ( small ) , octopus ( medium ) , a featured rabbit ragu rigatoni ( medium ) , and the skate wing ( large ) .
I think this is a cute spot to meet up with a friend , but that 's about it .
Splendid view of the intracoastal waterway .
Between our group and the group in front of us , the restaurant lost out on hundreds of dollars of business .
They lied to customers calling in about how busy they were and openly complained about customers .
We had a great ribeye here that was cooked to perfection .
Is this REALLY happening , and am I using protection ( napkins ) ? "
I am sorry to say but there was hair in my good and the waitress was rude .
The anchovies that were on the Panzanella salad were ridiculously good and added a lightly salted note to the tomato and bread .
It 's so loud that it 's difficult to hear people if you have a group of more than four , which we did .
Our main courses consisted of a Bear Creek Steak and a Chanterelle Toast .
The food and service is still up to the best standards , and the rest of the meal was NOT a disappointment .
I little bit pricey but definitely worth occasionally visiting .
The chicken salad contains lemons which I think is gross :(
From the limited menu , I picked the Penne Fellini , which has prosciutto di parma , peas , onions , and light cream sauce .
To be fair we usually only order from the seafood appetizer menu , but the calamari is nice .
The rest of my family had burgers or a chicken sandwich .
The mushrooms were the perfect topping and blended right in .
Coffee is really poor and the dining area does n't have many windows ( expect near the front ) .
The desserts were cookies and little brownie like things .
I almost do n't want people to know about this place so it does n't get over crowded !
It 's a bit more ( $ 11 at the time ) than I usually pay for lunch , but one bowl with the other extras was plenty to fill me up .
I 'm pretty sure this is just a ploy to make you buy coffee from them which probably has a huge profit margin .
Came here for a small bite since we were just passing some time and decided to get some sliders .
These were very fresh tasting and that mint added just the right amount of herby - ness .
I never order their meat because the two times I did , it was very bland and put me in a bad mood .
The 6 rather impressive size shrimps are giant and bbq'ed perfectly .
Their enchiladas are also pretty good , but their fish was kind of disappointing .
This was our first time here and I would n't come back .
The way the room was laid out he could not access both sides of our table without going around another table .
I ordered bacon avocado omelet which came with toast and a side of potatoes .
The best part of my meal was my english breakfast tea ...
There was a lot of sauce on each wing though so that was good .
I had a large order , it was timely and hot .
I 've been to Nox many times now .
Staff was apologetic and gave us a $ 10 card good on a return visit .
We also had glasses of both red and white sangria , and both were excellent and very strong .
Will definitely be back next time we visit Reno
From the limited amount that I was able to try off the menu , I can certainly say that the food is tasty .
This was by far one of two most satisfying meals of my almost week long trip to New Orleans .
The delivery came within the time they quoted and was hot .
I heard of this place through a friend who is a chef .
The food is quite tasty and they make it to your liking as far as spiciness is concerned .
It was a solid date venue .
Really only came for the ox tail pho .
In theory this sounds like a cool event .
After running around frantically looking for a restroom I finally found one and puked up all the sushi that I ate .
Their boneless wings are n't good anymore .
Why did we not find this place before ?
Disappointed that they do n't have beer on draft .
Amazing Italian in downtown Smyrna !
Went 2 mornings .
Sweet potato fries were done just right .
I found the blanc to be pretty tasty .
It was less fatty than usual pork belly , which I liked .
Definetly not world class customer service on any scale and the sad thing is , they barely have to interact with you .
It 's not the biggest bar , so it can get kind of crammed .
Fun decor and the food was very good .
The gumbo was not good at all .
Great dinner , our service Gabby was Awesome !
I love HotBox , but this location ca n't seem to match the service quality as other locations .
Suffice to say my taste bud have a monumental fiesta en la boca ( party in the mouth ) !
I agree with the previous poster that this is one of the best Pasta House locations .
He threw the menus at us , and mumbled the things he was " OUT " of .
Thanks for a terrific late afternoon lunch .
I had a great time with friends but the food was marginal & the service does n't really deserve honorable mention .
Not sure I even got a photo of it before it ended up in my tummy .
Street Taco & Beer Co was a more hip , upscale Qdoba ( not to mention better prices ) .
Never bothered to call us and say they actually canceled the Yelp order on us .
I saw a piece of hair as I removed the meat .
Guacamole platter was great , but ceviche ( recommended by the server ) was terribly bland and non - descript ( and mostly cabbage ) .
We tried a bunch of apps ( eggplant rollentini , caprese salad , grilled calamari , bruchetta)--all great !
Other than that , no complaints .
Really I expected more and definitely a better pie .
I was torn between 2 & 3 stars .
I heard great things about their french toast so I went in with high hopes and was told they no longer serve it ! !
I asked for the bill , expecting to see an adjustment or at least some remorse from our waiter ... but neither happened .
I went for a sweet and was amazed at the variety .
We would have had a better meal at McDonalds ! !
My wife commented on how good her burger was .
it was noted that it was just a seating area , but we did n't care eating off of a coffee table and took the spot .
The chicken was so overdone , it made it hard to stomach .
The portions of the appetizers were just enough to get a small taste .
It made for an unforgettable evening .
A local told us about this nice coffee house on our first day in NOLA .
It 's a big , open , loud restaurant .
It 's kind of strange because it 's pieces of pork chops with spaghetti sauce baked with cheese over rice .
It was n't in a to go cup so it had to be fixed .
The staff was extremely kind , and went out of their way to make sure our experience was the best it could be .
My husband 's eggs were good also .
They served me a frozen pizza and skunked beer .
It 's probably a good thing that I 'm an hour away , because I would quickly gain some extra pounds .
The guy had a chicken entree that he liked , nothing special .
That burger was the most tender i have ever ate .
I ordered a Horchata and it was insanely huge , maybe 1/4 a gallon .
Next , I ordered the pho with beef and meatballs .
Pork fried was seemed a bit overcooked but not bad .
The quality of the sushi itself is okay , but what really made Crazy Sushi stand out for me was the presentation .
We also had the queso fundido with chorizo and it was addictive !
Totally relaxed atmosphere .
Love this place , love the al pastor tacos , taco Tuesday was so good !
The chicken sandwich was phenomenal .
We went to the Eddie Money concert and chose the General Admission tickets .
I was not too crazy about the red beans and rice it was served with as I found it a bit bland .
They even added a little tree and made it look like a little island !
Food was delicious !
I loved this place and was wanting go back as soon as I left .
Just tell me that it 's not something you offer and I 'll come back next time I can dine in .
Finally an employee came out to them .
I had total food envy .
During our wait for the drinks and appetizers , we did manage to order our food .
An hour in between drink orders and it took an hour and a half to get our food .
It 's not the best place around by any stretch , but if you ever need to unwind after a long Monday , you 'll find me at Cactus .
Ingredients are fresh and flavorful , and the staff , overseen by the effusive Smiley , were consistently friendly and helpful .
I 've been coming here since they opened this place and immediately loved it !
I 'm so happy to have cooked all of these dishes , and to take home his fantastic recipes .
We came on a Saturday night around 9 and were seated in about 30 min .
I so wanted the food to be much better than it was .
Bailey 's Chocolate Bar moved upstairs and Dave Bailey transformed this space into an entirely new experience .
All the wood walls and beautiful bar really make you feel like you are in an English Pub .
Cocktail - wise you really ca n't go wrong .
The kids had the chicken and waffles .
The service is good , the food is delicious and fresh , also it 's authentic !
There is not much to say about Joes or " Chinks " if your a long time local .
Wonderful food ( especially the polenta ) and drinks ( especially the Poco a Poco ) .
Also , the fried rice was really bland and had a awkward texture .
I 'm not sure what it was but it tasted like flourless chocolate cake with ice cream .
Seasoned perfectly , perfect house - made tortillas that melt in your mouth , and it was a joy to eat .
My only reservation is that the sides were a teensy bit on the small side .
Jay 's is my favorite place to get sushi take - out in center city .
I absolutely recommend this place !
I will come again next time I am in the mood for good Chinese food ! ! ! ! !
it 's not as if i asked for a burger with only one bun , no tomato , half piece of lettuce , two onion rings , and love .
I 've been to this place several times now , and love it .
Just a good combination of everything ...
The ladies running the place were sweet but a bit slow .
Got right in no waiting .
I ordered Beef Barley soup ( $ 6 ) and a Roast Beef sandwich ( $ 6.50 ) .
Review : this dish was admittedly very fishy , which I was generally okay with .
Lucky for me , all they had left at 2:00pm were the cream doughnuts m .... so I did what any person would do ; I bought them ALL .
He did n't finish it , and I imagine most people would n't be able to .
You can tell that the management and the staff here really care about delivering an exceptional dining experience !
I asked for a re - fill on my water and that took like 10 - 15 minutes only after I asked again did I get it .
I sat at the bar and the bartender gave us great service all evening .
The 3 meats were all cooked just right .
A pleasurable experience for sure .
Order at the bar and they 'll bring you the food .
The place is very open and lively and the drinks are nice and strong .
I came back a few hours later and submit my order .
Beef tenderloin and shrimp and grits were amazing ! !
When they were turned on , we noticed the burned out bulbs had not been replaced .
Will try the other location next time .
I was in Santa Barbara last weekend visiting my friends who live there and I came across Backyard Bowls on Yelp .
My wife got the sweet ditch baby and I got the savory and we shared .
Thanks gelato guy , you are awesome !
She was all smiles and friendly to everyone else but I was simply and obviously ignored .
It was brunch and there was one other table that Presidents Day morning .
Chock full of coconut , it was some of the best ice cream I have ever had .
The brunch price also include bottomless mimosas which were literally bottomless .
Definitely do n't get the Caesar salad because it 's not a Caesar salad .
Now here 's where things got interesting and the reason why this place gets a 5 instead of 4 from me ......
Not worth the wait and the possible risk of being yelled at .
Our server , whose name I forget , was really welcoming , funny , and gorgeous .
I stayed full long enough to get me through and 8 hour car ride home !
She then proceeded to tell me it was buy one , get one and that 's what the tokens are for .
Made solid food recommendations and were attentive .
The thing that kills this place is that the prices are as high or higher than some places in Chicago and New York .
All together we had the Chilaquilas , Esquites con Crema , Chile Verde Mac & Cheese and Spinach & Nopalitos en Crema .
One of the worst tika masalas I ever tasted and i 've order it many times from numerous places in various cities .
Best Italian restaurant I 've been to outside of Italy .
Had a chance to speak with one of the owners .
Granted the cost was quite high making this a special occasion treat instead of the every day event it was in France .
The inside is super beautiful and the colors are vibrant .
I ask if she minds if I put her on speaker so she can call the hotel manager a liar since I believe the hotel .
Luckily I noticed they messed up our drinks , was able to get those fixed ) .
Still my favorite place for brunch .
We 've been here many times - both take out and eat in .
We tried to make reservations , but they do not take them .
My party of 2 was seated very quickly , however the service was extremely slow especially for a Wednesday night .
Just dab it in the olive oil , and mayb ask for some of their viniagrette to dip too !
We had baklava coming out our ears .
Very friendly and makes you feel like home !
The best breakfast I have ever had in my life ! ! ! !
We had left overs which were perfect for a late night snack back at hotel .
My sister had such high regard for this business and the food , I came all the way from California to have some .
There is always an oyster shucker on hand , and they always shuck in full view of the restaurant .
The margarita was great .
If so , The Foodery is the best place in CC to buy beer to go .
Had pulled pork with collard greens and sweet potatoe​ fries .
The cook 's greet you as you come in along with the host .
The clam chowder , on the other hand , is still pretty good .
The lobster was cooked expertly and dressed simply , the roll had the wonderful contrasting crispness .
Anyway food was great !
There are like 10 tables , a counter near the back , open kitchen and a fish tank .
We had some plum wine - delicious - and a few plates of sushi that were good .
I 'm really stoked they moved in and I 'm newly smitted by southern Latin food .
All of the guests ( most have never had jerk ) were very impressed with the meal !
I never thought I would say this but this new Wawa needs those little queue line ropes .
The blue crabs were on point .
service is great ..
Despite not having any rice , it was a tasty satisfying soup , and chock full of fresh veggies and shredded chicken .
It 's not a typical bar food menu , which is good , but just a bit pricey for our taste .
Check out the lovers triangle and the ahi tuna pizza .
Outdoor seating avail , so since the weather was good , we ate outside .
There is a great locker room by the Cascades Indoor Pool that has showers , a hair dryer , and restrooms .
I assume he is uneducated and lacking in any skills .
The restaurant had to re - make my food and get their own driver to bring me my food since I had no way of picking up .
I do n't know if it is the location or the chain overall .
That sucked .Fresh ingredients but does n't compensate the long wait or the server who 's name might 've been apathy .
Cute setting in Lafayette Square .
This meant our meal was - by us - rushed to make space .
We ordered the $ 25 bucket of steamed seafood .
This place is incredibly pricey $ 14 for a Moscow Mule ?
I tried 4 flavors all of which were great .
Unfortunately there was a clan of about a dozen senior citizens in front of me that could n't make up their minds .
We visit this spot several times and it 's always pretty good .
It 's really convenient that they categorize the wine into sections such as , " Sociable Reds , Funky Reds , etc ... "
The staff was super friendly and professional .
My husband enjoyed them to the end .
Excited to have this place in Reno !
The food took roughly 35 minutes to finally come , and when it did , it was lukewarm .
Tried the flaming Oopa cheese .. very tasty .. & the best Greek salad anywhere .
It 's a beautiful spot with a great outside seating area .
The other thing I found was 1 .
I only say that because of the size of the place .... nothing disappointed .
My only complaint is that the meatball sandwich was impossible to pick up .
For dessert we had to have the churro and really enjoyed it as well !
I really enjoyed the sushi rolls and appetizers .
There are better Mexican restaurants in Indy , but this is one of the better in Avon / Brownsburg area .
i 'm a good person so i had to tip the guy but i really wanted to walk out with just paying whatever my bill was .
It only cost like $ 10 bucks and came with a large side salad along with a 6 " fresh roll and butter .
She not only owns the place , but she waits all of the tables most of the time(which I think is pretty impressive ) .
It was so good that we ordered dessert as well ( not something I do regularly ) .
Also , there is free parking in a lot right behind the building .
Those folks back in that kitchen are doing it ! ! !
I got a chicken club sandwich and it was amazing !
We drive an hour and a half to stop at the walk up window just to enjoy the food .
The pulled pork barbecue was excellent as were the sides ( Cole slaw , bean and sweet potato fries ) .
I was lucky enough to have her pick up me as the first ticket to be skipped .
The restaurant looks nice .
It has just won out as my favorite Italian restaurant .
Then proceeded to repeat my order and say it will be out in " a minute " .
So my husband and I were both in the mood for some steak after some light shopping inside the mall .
I have a new favorite restaurant in town and Home Wine Kitchen is IT .
We finally realized they had a happy hour and walked away with mixed results .
We had the Pho rare beef , Spring rolls and BhanMi steak .
Had a wonderful first impression .
The Salt and Pepper shrimp was quick fried , hot and oh so good !
Ok well for those of you who stayed ... here 's my back story .
He forgot our bread and butter .
Cheap pbr tall boys during Phillies game .
Our guests have since remarked many times about how much they enjoyed the space and food .
The salsa tastes like there 's BBQ sauce in it , which to me is gross .
The sazerac was delicious . They have a nice wine and beer list too .
My boyfriend 's border burger was reportedly good as well .
The drink menu is nothing special , but the filet mignon sliders with fries are delicious .
( Also recommended the Korean chicken which is not on the menu but is phenomenal )
I did n't even have the option to order more food if I had wanted it .
I want to believe the customer service was a little slow because we went during Madi Gras .
The noise level was loud but we were able to still talk to each other if we leaned in and talked a bit louder .
The spice level in both dishes was perfect .
Thank you Ralph 's for making my 30th birthday incredible !
Tacos are good , the experience .. not so much !
The steak tartar was my favorite , I honestly dream about it , it was that good served with crunchy soft bread .
This was perfectly balanced - sweet , acidic , fresh , light ... I wanted to bury my face into this dish .
I tend to have a bunch of hors d'oeuvres ( OMG , do they do gooood hors d'oeuvres ! ! ! ) and a salad .
Most important of all , they are open late on weekends .
No personal experience whatsoever .
The chop chae salad was potato glass noodles with greens and a spicy chili oil vinaigrette thing that was pretty good .
Mashed potatoes were bland and a little on the runny side .
Simply did not stand up to rating .
So happy that happened because we would not have found such a wonderful breakfast spot .
We did not use the bar which looked great , particularly if you are a Bourbon lover .
I also ordered an iced viet coffee which was pretty decent .
The ambience and decor are great and it 's not overly loud .
Awesome place .
awesome place .
It 's really hard to describe the type of heat in these Szechuan dishes ...
Which we paid more for lobster Mac but was brought out the smallest portion I 've ever seen .
Very open and great natural lighting .
Fried green tomatoes , trout , a salad , and an amazing slice of coconut cake later , we were on cloud 9 .
For whatever reason I thought it was a good idea to order three meals for the two of us .
- Chow fun with chicken and kai lan - chow fun is one of my favourite noodles .
The 13 " Carne pizza was amazing !
And the fried chicken that my friend 's husband ordered was the best fried chicken ever , according to him .
My husband enjoyed his omelette and the pancakes looked amazing !
I found the meat to be prepared very well .
I would NOT suggest the canoli .
My husband got the chicken tacos .
It was romaine lettuce with some onions , tomatoes , and olives .
That being said , I really enjoyed this spot .
The smoked salmon was on the skimpy side for this order .
Things have changed .
I was really surprised ; well balanced , roundness and pairs very well with the food .
Waiting in line was no big deal .
By far the best cinnamon roll I 've had in life ! ! !
I used to think this place was amazing .
I give this restaurant my strongest recommendation , and it 's the first place I 'm going when I next visit Tampa .
I brought two bottles of nice wine and all said and done this meal barely broke 110 bucks ...
Shared the Philly steak pizza with bacon on the side .
If you 've never had a beignet , you 're in for a treat .
They really enjoy the atmosphere which includes stuffed armadillos and every table has peanuts for you to snack on .
My wife had fish taco and veggies and she liked hers alot .
The interior has not changed at all so it looks cool and urban and hip and classy - casual as usual .
We did n't venture upstairs but it seems like a great space that can accommodate large groups and have lively atmosphere .
There 's a lot to like about this restaurant .
Looking at the menu , I noticed they had some more unusual flavors .
The only part of my meal that I could eat was the grilled chicken which was good , but not worth the price .
The 201 drink with bourbon was divine .
Definitely will be going back here to try the other flavors & the owners were super nice :)
It 's not even hard and in fact obviously she did it to cut corners and save time for herself .
Very tasty and vegetables were fresh .
It looked like it has n't been open for a while .
It 's not close to me but I made the trip because it is supposedly great !
I have to say that every hot dog I 've ever had was better than the Lucky Dog .
The waitress I was supposed to have finally came over and asked me what I wanted .
We wanted to check this place out after seeing the great reviews .
This was one of the first places I ate when I moved to Nashville years ago .
Best brunch in Nashville .
But if you are a fan of such things , it was warm , sweet , and moist -- very satisfying in my belly on a rainy day .
We never went without but there were n't a ton of interruptions .
My bf got two glasses of red wine- the burgandy .
We just moved to Narberth and had our first meal at this neighborhood gem .
We also tried the Brussels sprouts ( have you had the Brussels sprouts at Reed 's - they are amazing ) .
Salmon , on the other hand , just slightly better .
The cheesy polenta appetizer was also delicious .
Makes for a great date night .
And there 's a nice patio out back .
I hope it 's not an indication of all the other restaurants here .
I have to admit that this place is a great place for KBBQ .
The wraps are fresh and perfectly grilled .
My boyfriend claims to not like Mexican food ... but that 's only because he 's never eaten anything this authentic .
The beer list is decent and the cocktail list looked really interesting .
There 's a lot to like here .
The mashed potatoes and gravy are great , the green beans are great , the corn is great , heck , even the broccoli is great .
Unique flavor , we were very happy with our meal .
The sandwich was great !
Normally rambutans are red on outside ... brown is not a good sign .
If nothing else a manager should 've been notified and/or the meal should 've been comped .
The patio is a nice place to sit and offers a nice view of the Tucson " skyline " while you drink .
Service has been great and the staff as been very friendly .
I really enjoyed it , and loved the outdoor seating !
I thought the food was good .
Both times we have gone the place has been empty .
The decor is very nice as well , but screaming kids that were running around did n't make our meal pleasant .
Why all this talk about donuts ... my dad had a coupon and wanted his donuts .
This place was quaint , the food was really good , but it was LOUD in the upstairs dining room .
The food was okay , but we were turned off by the service .
Even joined in the celebration , was very nice of them .
The Trip tip and chicken are cooked rotisserie style and both melt in your mouth with smoky flavors .
The Maria special is pretty tasty .
When we finally got a waitress , she was great ; but there was much confusion getting one in the first place .
They were so good , I think we ordered them 3 times .
Ordered the fried green tomatoes and Crawfish Pasta , husband had the seafood gumbo and the Mr. B 's Barbecued shrimp .
I called to place an order for pick up .
We ate here a few weeks ago .
My non - vegan girlfriend was also impressed .
Wine was great too .
The staff was very nice and the portions were quite generous .
I really like the white chili .
Do nt let the fact that its in a basement stop you .
I did n't ask for extra , I just said mustard , thinking he 'd run it back and forth 2 or 3 times and that 's it .
The chicken tasted and looked like it was boiled in water .
Some of the nicest people I met down there .
Heard soooo many good things about this place .
Bad experience there .
Atmosphere : Professional , high class setting with casual shoppers coming in and out since it 's the WEM we are speaking of !
I ordered the pork sliders and chips & salsa , the hot salsa was so good ! ! !
Manager had old stained food clothes .
Broccoli salad ( and other salads ) plus grilled veggies - just right .
No problem , just jump off 95 and Tony Luke 's right there !
I 'll go to the place on the next corner and get my food faster and hotter .
The mussels were crispy and hard like they had been cooked and then microwaved .
I had no idea what I was getting myself into .
For our appetizers we had meatballs and let me tell you they were n't your average meatballs .
I drove all the way from Brandon just for some bbq .
Our food came out super quick and our service was great .
Unfortunately we left the location vowing never to return .
I 've been here four times , and each time has been a good experience .
Not only was the food store bought , we all got sick after our meal ! !
Only good thing about this place are the fries .
I get there only to have to place my order all over again after I told them I placed an order .
Happy Hour 2 pm - 6 pm Monday - Friday ; Late Happy Hour 10 pm - close Monday - Thursday .
My husband and I tried CPK while out at the Super Bowl Village .
Ca n't wait to go back for the Sunday brunch which is supposed to be out of this world .
My family 's favorite Thai place for any occasion .
The wait was LONG - but worth it .
this is a great greek restaurant .
maybe a manager , maybe an owner , i do n't know .
They simply did not taste fresh to me or salty like fresh oysters .
I hope they put up some latice or a small fence or something .
It was n't as sweet as I expected and it complemented the spiciness of the meal .
We got two donuts and two breakfast sandwiches .
Jackson 's is the probably the best hang - over brunch cafe in Nashvegas !
And I waisted 2 hours here !
We went ( 4people,1child ) and had a great time .
I had made arrangements for someone to watch our daughter so we can have a fun evening as a couple .
I had a Backyard Bowl - yummy .
The bakery was clean and staff was very friendly and helpful when I went to order .
3 Sisters , I love you even more after the big move to the newer blue house on Guilford .
It came without asking us if we were done with food , which we were n't .
But the experience was terrible from start to finish and I 'll have to post " buyer beware . "
The ambiance is very nice with light music in the background !
Simply prepared , but fresh , light , and flavorful at the same time .
Also , I have a thing for Greek mythology so I dug the muse and persephone 's downfall as two very creative cocktails .
The vibe felt very much like a chain restaurant like Red Robin .
This would n't be our first choice for New Orleans cuisine in the whole city , but it 's a good short notice option .
A group of us went to this restaurant for the STL Restaurant Week .
Food quality was average compared to other KFCs .
Anyways , I rarely leave reviews , but this is actually for Ziggy , our busser .
3 course meal for such a reasonable price ! !
Same thing with the grilled brie , apple and honey sandwich ( we ditch the bacon ... I know , sacrelidge ! ) .
Had high hopes for Convivio since the pasta is freshly made .
Now , the dining room is gorgeous , and the food -- I had the chicken chettinad -- was ultimately delicious .
The service was fantastic , the place was clean , it was easy to park .
Nothing out of this world , but not bad either !
The place stayed rolling in with people / I thought they would 've been less packed on a Sunday afternoon but they were not .
For anyone in the dark about this policy , watch Mike Judge 's film , Idiocracy .
I would definitely recommend this burger place to anyone traveling to St.
I really enjoyed my lunch here .
Besides the delicious food , the people who work there are Xtremely friendly and helpful .
I do n't often find myself in manayunk , but I was there for a friend 's birthday .
Place is great ..
She was never told that the bedroom was n't included .... kind of necessary if you 're staying over for 6 nights , dontcha think ? ? ?
Both were tasty with large pieces of fresh fish within each roll .
The chesse fires when on the ok side since they did not put much chesse or bacon on the appetizer .
My pork shoulder was very chewy and was supposed to come with pickles but did n't .
Its also the best restaurant I 've ever been to ( and I 've been to restaurants that have Michelin stars ) .
This is one of the best business decisions they 've made .
The shrimp casitas bowl was just " ok " per my wife 's review and it too was just missing that something .
My expectations were fairly high for this place and ultimately I left somewhat disappointed ( and $ 200 less in my wallet ) .
Whenever I do n't feel like traveling too far from home for sushi ( I literally live 5 minutes away ) I come here .
Then they did n't schedule enough time for hair so it cut into my nail appointment and I was only able to get a pedi , no mani .
Uhm , delicious !
The wine list is intriguing and subtle .
The decor is cozy , if a bit cheesy .
The chaat is elegantly presented and tastes like traditional Karachi chaat .
Ca n't thank this place enough for providing me with some greens and healthy options while visiting Nashville !
I love comming here , breakfast or lunch , but a personally prefer it at breakfast time , especially on the weekends .
It 's probably the best soup I 've ever had .
I remember this place from when it used to be Zena 's .
The portions can be a bit inconsistent and when they are it 's on the small side .
Light and refreshing .
They have so many options and everything we tried was delicious .
Everything is definitely made with love and happiness here ! ! !
I really liked the food selection at this place !
I would definitely recommend this as a place to eat in New Orleans .
Very southern salad bar .
We stopped here on the way to a football game and found it a very pleasant and relaxing place to hang out for a while .
House fried rice was filled with Shrimp , beef , onions , and was very tasty .
I 'm not a vegan / vegetarian at all and I thought this was better than any real chicken sandwich I 'd usually get .
Louisan " are my two personal favorites .
I 'm so happy there 's a vegan restaurant so close to campus !
We were at Chadwell Supply and found this place on Yelp .
My brow wax was n't as extensive as I like , and it 's my fault for not specifying what I do like .
There 's no higher praise I can offer .
Crab cakes were big and crisp .
Took me 4 minutes to chew one small piece .
Loved the char and the garlic marinade .
I saw lots of great reviews for Poke Bowl and it was close by , so I made my way over .
Service is generally very friendly ( save the bartender who told me she did n't have and could n't get a spoon ) and quick .
I have n't been overly impressed with the food but I think it 's because I have pretty simple taste .
The waiter recommended the happy hour so we will certainly go back not only for breakfast but luch and eventaully happy hour .
Sister restaurant to famous St.
David , our waiter seemed to take great issue with this .
All it is is very good barbecue .
They liked the cheesy grits and the baked beans .
The rice tasted undercooked .
This is n't supposed to be fine dining ....
This place is sadly perm closed .
Husband and I made a mistake and came here on a Lenten Friday .
We ordered the BBQ oysters and the charbroiled oysters - both were good but not out of the world amazing .
It was nice to be able to mix and mingle on the balcony before our event began .
I feel that the value is very good .
The staff is polite .
Mmmmm ... kiss the cook
My daughter had french toast and fruit .
The pizza here is unique and very tasty .
Anyways , food FINALLY CAME OUT .
You work in an asian resto my dude !
I went with cinnamon bun , and it was GREAT .
My first dish was a ceviche and it was not good .
The food was good but not great .
I was not prepared to walk into the shop .
Best tacos in Tucson hands down .
I ordered the beef noodle soup and it was just like my mom 's .
amazing hidden gem ... have the burger , it 's amaze !
Just OK fried southern basics .
On top of that the prices are very inexpensive .
But that 's the difference between those chain restaurants and restaurants that care .
First off , do n't let the fact that this restaurant is inside a hotel affect your decision to go here .
They did n't tell me this before starting my order either times .
Great customer service ! !
I 'm not really fond of their business model with their yelling and very small dining area , but I get it .
I know , yes the food is excellent .
Also , the location is close to the Magic Gardens .
I wanted to forewarn everyone that the cooks ( for now ) apparently have no respect for customers , and are n't afraid to show it .
Crispy on outside , charbroiled and pink on the inside !
My wife and I have enjoyed dinner at this establishment many times .
We got up early on our vacation just to get to Pancake Pantry before the line .
My husband wanted to grab something quick to eat and unfortunately he chose this place .
My date and I each got their happy hour hibachi and had a total of 3 margaritas .
Hidden gem we stumbled on thanks to yelp .
a heaping pile of meat and beans and cheese all snugly in a sizzling skillet .
At 10:56 the cashier angrily came over and announced the kitchens closes at 11:00 and they are cutting us off .
Overall , a great place to go for happy hour and to see the sunset !
Service was attentive and made sure we were satisfied with the meal .
The Greek salad that comes with the entree ' is good also .
If you go to a game , be sure to go up to the restaurant on the 4th floor !
The waitress took them back and replaced them with hot fries without question .
I 've been here a few times and forgot to review it .
( Side note : Is it a cheat meal if you do it often ? )
Collard greens and cabbage ( ugh ) were the same story .
The dry aged steak dish was completely mis - designed and the menu is just as stereotypical unimaginative steak house as it gets .
Fried shrimp were good , but that 'd be just sad to mess that up .
The customer service was excellent !
The pizza tastes okay and the baked goods are so - so .
It 's not a place I would be in rush to to eat again .
For the most part I 've always been able to get a seat right away .
Lots of nice comfortable couches with pop - art / earthy combo ( yes I know it sounds strange - you have to see it to believe it ) .
It seems to always be packed , and there 's a reason why ... but TRUST ME , it 's absolutely worth the wait ! ! !
But honestly , it looked like hamburger helper .
The atmosphere is pretty laid back and felt like I was having breakfast at home with friends .
They were both beef , so if we went back I d try one of the other meats .
The lunch specials are a good deal .
We went for the first time last week , after hearing great things from family and friends .
love the neon sign .
Food and service were excellent !
I 'm sure the rice baskets are commonplace , but I was really excited to see them ( * note to self : must get out more ) .
I was disappointed in the breakfast because while the tart was good , it was not a large portion .
Both sandwiches were very good , and the fries great .
The two hostesses at the front were not doing anything and just ignored the costumers , even those coming in for pickups .
It did take a while to get it though and it was n't even packed .
I 've been to other pho places that were less costly with larger food proportions .
I guess the smell of the patrons matches the smell of the bathrooms which are also gag worthy and dirty .
I think we drooled over the bakery section for about 20 minutes -- everything looked AMAZING !
We came in on a Saturday afternoon and were seated in less than 5 minutes .
They even ran out of peanuts ! ! ! !
I had the Penne Sausage and it was probably the best pasta dish I have ever had .
I understand we 're going for a rustic look , but rusticity should not be an excuse for doing everything on the cheap .
Good goooooood .
The ambiance is very nice with Italian music playing and it 's clean and the staff is friendly !
Food was great and the server was very nice .
The waitress came with two bowls of mushy rice , by that time we were so fed up we told her we will just take it all to go .
But it was my first time eating the food and I thought it was pretty good .
I used to love this place .
This has become a new favorite and " must " stop every time I make the drive up to Nashville .
I 'm only able to comment on takeout , but plan to eat in at some point .
Definitely a great place for a casual dinner with friends if you do n't have any other plans for the evening .
We ordered tea , ceasar salad , and the chili .
Serving size is a bit small , but maybe its because lunch special ( so benefit of the doubt ) .
My steak was cooked well and flavorful .
There 's always Bollywood movies on and it 's in a fabulous location on State Street .
The chorizo and pollo verde are my favorite .
Our waitress Lisa also made great recommendations and her service was welcoming , friendly , and excellent .
It really has a lot of history .
The food was the best Italian food I have had in a while .
uhhhh the waitress was quite not so nice when i asked for to build my own sandwich with just veggies .
Servers were very friendly even though they were very busy .
If you plan to dine on Monday get there between 4:30 pm and 5:15 pm because it 's packed after that time .
Green eggs and ham sandwich was delicious .
The sauce on the shrimp ... I ca n't explain it , but I wanted to grab the plate and drink it .
The finishing touch , the service .
We had dinner on a Tuesday night , and it was the best sushi we have had in a long time .
Service definitely affects your whole dine - in experience .
The food was great and the staff is very friendly .
Great food ! ! !
Mostly older crew , but depending on the night there 's young folks too !
We asked for a table that would accomdate three people and not involve eating with someone 's large back at our very tiny table .
And it 's pretty bright outside when I came in , so to go from sunny day to candle - light level is odd .
It was more like oil , grease or the like .
We first picked the venue for two reasons : the price was right and the venue is GORGEOUS .
This restaurant is filthy !
It was my first time to a breakfast buffet , and I was really impressed .
The menu had a variety of salads , crepes , quiches , and paella so you can be sure everyone will find something to eat .
It 's in a great location with lots of things to do around .
They did an amazing job , and it says a lot that they were willing to try something new ( I do n't believe they 'd made it before ) .
When the check arrived - full price .
And I hope you do n't get that waiter .
It 's deafening at peak meal times .
The bathroom was nothing special as stated in their advertisement .
The family who runs the restaurant could n't be nicer and the food is authentic Cuban .
We had the guacamole , queso , salsa trio and chips for an appetizer - all were very good .
The panna cotta was served with melon ice cream , which was perfect , and the zeppole was amazing .
When I ate here I chose something a little off compared to the other things on the menu .
I usually ask for the fries on the side per if you had the fries inside the sandwich , it get REAL MESSY .
We were determined to hit a Diners , Drive - ins and Dives restaurant in New Orleans , and boy did we pick the right place .
I do n't know how my sister in law got these rooms so cheap but I am happy she got them .
So much so we came back on the January 2nd for our farewell meal .
We did n't have a wait got there around 6 pm on a Thursday .
Overall an amazing experience , and a little pricey , but you get what you pay for .
Then was the pressure to order the " Bloomin Onion " .
The food was great but the REAL REASON to go is view and ambience .
Our second visit :
My husband had the beef teriyaki bento box , and it was very good , as was the clear soup and salad it came with .
Ordered iced tea but they must 've had a shortage of ice , the tea was cold but only few pieces of ice .
The truffle fries were very well flavored with truffle oil but were a little soggy / under cooked .
We walked in with a conference group of 6 .
Pecan sticky bun was amazing !
It sat there for a while bc we assumed the rest of the food would be coming out right after .
The vibe of the place is pretty cool too , make sure to get outdoor seating , it 's beautiful and worth the wait .
The food is delicious and has become our go - to comfort food .
The chips were crisp and thin .
I usually make someone else order for me since I hate choosing what to eat and that was what my buddy picked for me .
They do n't take reservations , so we tried to go earlier on a Sunday ( around 6 pm ) .
The dinner was brought out by a different waitress .
Louis at the expense of maximal profits .
One time we got the wrong dish , and afterwards we got the wrong check ( higher than it should have been ) .
The cheese pizza is heavy , but I thought it was good -- not amazing ( as my Chicago friends insisted it would be ) , but enjoyable .
This is hands down the best thing in Tucson .
What made my day was the cold veggies .
Seems more of a hipster hangout .
They were out of watermelon so the salad that was supposed to come with the chicken had to be changed to something else .
My partner had the crab cake sandwich with fries .
We have brought many friends and family here and they also enjoy it .
I had an excellent cup of Peet 's , free WiFi , but honestly , the people watching was so good , I got very little real work done .
Very relaxed atmosphere .
I hate to see kitchen , hahaha !
You 're basically saying that vegetarians just should n't bother .
BYOB , $ 10 corking fee .
The ribs are to die for and you ca n't go wrong with 5 for $ 10 BBQ sandwiches ! !
:) You know how when you taste something REALLY good and you just ca n't help but let out a " MMMMMM " ?
Also other waiters make sure you do n't need anything .
Place ok , Food ( spaghetti ) was underwhelming , not worth the price ...
I had the veal and it was awesome .
And they have a large parking lot .
I do n't think they have ever swept the floors .
I visited this place with family on a vacation and was really impressed .
I believe that pizzas have become a little overpriced everywhere , but not here !
We 'll be back , but we will watch which waiter serves us .
Turns out no cars or car fumes just good - friendly service & good food .
Decor : Very nice and clean restaurant !
If that is n't good service , I do n't know what is !
The owner visited our table and he could not have been nicer or more gracious .
The server was fantastic .
Both were phenomenal and a testament to how extraordinary this restaurant is .
It came with some buttered toasted bread along with sliced apples and mango chutney .
Lamb sliders were juicy little bites , though I tasted none of the sun - dried cranberry aioli listed on the menu .
Good job , guys !
And there were TONS of them .
The grouper was also so tasty , especially with the flavorful cherry tomatoes .
I know that hashbrowns are n't a health food , so no biggie , just excessive .
So I pulled out Yelp to see what other downtown options I have and it suggested Blondie 's .
Sing with the rest of the fans !
The lunch specials are a great deal .
It was a great sampling of all their food options .
I was only passing by but before I knew it I bought pies ( yes in plural form ) chicken salad , and their fresh white bread .
Okay , so goes to a Japanese Buffet and raves about the veggies ?
Best bowl place in town ! !
no awkward pause and " let me go ask the chef " as though the question has never been posed before .
It was literally cream with a bit of soup but generally tasty .
First of all their best tasting taco did n't have meat which was the greens and beans taco .
The pork was perfectly seasoned and cooked and they put it over a bed of sweet potatoes and topped it with apple slaw .
Getting a table is the tricky part .
Not a good sign .
We ordered the jerk chicken and curry chicken with rice and beans and plantains and the food was all excellent .
What an amazing dinner !
Heard the food was good .
Was my first time there and I was pleased for sure .
I even tried to call the customer # on the receipt , and the store location # 2870 Tucson , does not work .
The ambience is magnificent with the dreamy oaks trees lined up on City Park for an outside view .
So we both had to get a German Beer , served in a nice big stein .
The broths on both are so flavorful .
The chili drizzle did not detract from the crispness of the skin , and actually highlighted the juiciness of the meat .
Love the flow of the chair set up , bar , and stage .
Just from that we knew why the food tastes so good !
The BBQ sauce was sweet and exactly what I enjoy .
Food is great and consistent ! !
Ordered an orange chicken , mongolian beef , a shrimp dish plus some soups and egg rolls .
There is no place like this around .
Though the squid had entirely too much wasabi underneath .
This is the perfect place on a Saturday night after a show at the Troc if you do n't want to go to Chinatown or a Dive bar .
Aside from the weird entertainment , the food was very good and the service was spot on .
Also she did n't get half my order then while we waited for it she lectured me about how old my request was .
The homemade bread on my dlt was delicious .
They left out my guacamole and a chicken taco .
It had a good amount of cheese without me ordering extra , and I also liked the way it was cooked to a golden brown .
My order was delivered much more quickly than I had expected given my experience with other local restaurants .
- Mango slush ( $ 5.15 ) - went with mango bear pieces .
I had good expectations .
Please do n't go " big - timer " on us , Pi ; you 're far too awesome for that .
Servers were great too on both occasions ... dinner and lunch .
How can you ever beat that price ? ! ?
Now , I know this is Philadelphia and it 's my first time to the north east , but crap like that makes it want to be my last .
It had a nice flavor and the presentation was cool .
The rest of our dinner was comprised of several selections from the First course menu .
The beef was tender and well cooked , but there just was n't a lot of it .
Out of all the pho places I 've tried , this is probably on the bottom list .
The veggie sandwich tasted overly seasoned and a few bites in , I could n't even finish it .
I have never been asked that question before but I told him dry .
For the entree , my wife had the salmon and I had the jerk pork .
Apart from that the place was nice and the staff very friendly .
Emily made this experience amazing .
My friend had the cucumber margarita which was so creative !
This is now our new favorite Cherokee Mexican restaurant .
Extremely overpriced , poor service , boring food .
Yes , they do brew their own beer onsite ( tours are available ) and they have a nice bar area with plenty of seating .
Keep in mind that the restaurant was only 50 % full when I came in to eat .
The employees are unusually helpful and friendly .
The menu is curated beautifully , from my understanding they narrowed it down quite a bit from the other location .
It 's such a fun , posh , family oriented business .
My chop was to be medium rare plus ...
You feel relaxed and like you 're in Florida rather than a strip mall place in Malvern , Pa.
The wait service was really nice and all smiles- but not in a fake way .
Worth every penny of my purchase .
VERY disappointed for spending $ 80 , to get this poor of service .
I do n't have to trek all the way to Philly to get my fix .
We started off with a bottle of Merlot and ordered the smoked deep fried soft shell crab and a cup of seafood gumbo .
We always tipped our shuttle driver though .
Got a smoked turkey club and it was mostly good ( loved that it came with 2 sides ) ...
I ordered the spicy tomato omelet , Which was great ! ! !
I admire the desire to make things in house but there are way better gluten free bread makers in St.
That 's when I was suggested the flight .
The beet salad looked beautiful , but two of us agreed that it was too salty .
And Vandy favorite for breakfast with mom and daf
The whole concept here is great !
It 's comprised of thin slices of Yukon golds over a perfectly cooked crust and garlic sauce .
again this place is really good ..
Also the soup was delish !
This venue is remarkable . It is historic , scenic , and romantic .
In fact , our second night we had 2 orders of the shrimp .
I thought I 'd found our go - to dining place for Fridays , because I love seafood , but I guess the search continues .
The layout of the restaurant allowed diners to move freely to and from the table and to exchange seats as needed .
Boy do I miss giardiniera .
The green rice is too greasy , I found a lot of oil underneath and it 's gross .
This place is a great concept !
It was n't made the way it was described on the menu and neither of them were hot ( or even warm ) .
Very overpriced for literally HALF a panini .
The waiter remembered me and asked how I was feeling ; a pleasant surprise as a transient in town for the work week .
I was hoping they 'd have beignets .
Muffaletta- this is one thing that you typically can not find outside of NOLA .
I opted for the beer on tap , which was a pumpkin and it is the only pumpkin beer I 've ever enjoyed .
Of course , food was delicious too !
I asked the very sweet and adorable barista what was popular and told her it was my first time in .
And the kids just love that thing !
But the rest of the staff seemed to be more interested i.
The live jazz was good and the place was n't too loud .
However , we felt we got our monies worth here .
As a musician myself I respect all art forms , no matter what the medium and Carlos at Modesto 's is a true artist !
I went with the Egg White Scramble and it was a nice big portion !
After dropping a scalding pizzas I was called " stupid " and then given the impression they would remake my pizza .
The service was excellent and I was lucky to get there at a time when I could literally walk right in without a wait .
When in doubt we go to el camino and always end up having a great meal and wondeful time .
My grilled cheese 's bread was burnt .
The bartender was awesome .
Difference in taste buds I guess because I did n't like it at all .
The reason I gave 3 stars instead of a 4.5 or 5 was because of a few ridiculous rules they have .
She even put together custom menus with our selections and our names !
The prices totally did n't match the quality .
Le Gourmet is beautifully decorated , I love how they used the old bank vault as their walk in .
Wish I would have ordered it spicy , no spice whatsoever , but that 's my fault .
The food and service , unfortunately , can be inconsistent and when it 's bad it 's bad .
Love the Open Table points too .
We got an order of the Kung fu noodle which had slices of beef , bamboo and noodles in the dish .
Went as a team outing after work .
Will update when I come back to try the pho .
We chose a scoop of the Pistachio and of the Coconut Crunch .
My friend and I decided to have lunch at Mr. B 's on Memorial Day .
An absolutely one of a kind experience in the heart of Philly .
The sushi ( crunchy shrimp roll ) was good , but next time I 'll go to Koi which is close , clean , and has much better food .
I do n't think this place needs anymore good reviews because we were there on a cold morning in January and it was packed .
Even the sodas and beer list had a lot of gems .
Also , I really liked the hot red sauce that was on the table .
I love the location .
Tri tip dinner with cheesy potatoes was amazing .
I 'm no wine expert but I really enjoyed the pinot noir they had .
I started with the tasty crab and corn chowder but was a bit disappointed with al dente potatoes in the bowl .
What a cool restaurant .
We just had a drink and dessert here .
What really makes it unique in my opinion is the smoothie menu .
Parking was easy , 7 ?
3 other people at the table hated their meal and did not eat it .
The only downside to this place is the size .
The food was good and they took good care of the patrons .
I asked her if I could get a cup of tap water but she said they only had bottled water .
Red beans r awesome , the Jambalaya is my fav :) the .
So my wife and I have eaten here in the past and have enjoyed it .
I went through the normal line and told the employees I online ordered .
It is the worst ice cream ever .
MAN was it DELICOUS !
The best Arby 's I 've been to in years .
Generally I 'm a huge fan of La. Va.
We stumbled upon this after a delicous savory lunch nearby at Cochon ( review to follow ) .
But , it was clean and the staff was very friendly .
I ordered the tortellini soup , and thought I was going to be disappointed because I was without pepper and it was spectacular .
My buddies loved the fish and chips .
But I was disappointed in the food .
Best pho in Tampa ... by far ! !
While I 'm disappointed at the delivery ( minus one star ) , the food was very good ( 4 star ) .
My parents and I were looking for a quick meal of Ukrainian food and thought to check out Uncle Ed 's .
I 'm a breakfast fanatic so I get little over critical .
Took a shot and right out of the gate experienced the poor customer service .
Now recall this was a Saturday night , so it was quite busy .
Loved the décor / vibe as well .
I was kind of annoyed until I got home to devour my food .
Their products are extremely fresh and it 's all scratch .
I took my 3 & 5 yr olds and the loved their fried rice and chicken .
In fact , only 4 ( ? ) tables in the whole restaurant were window - side , as half of the restaurant was evidently under renovation .
The beer was high gravity bottled beer for $ 6.50 per 12 ounce bottle and the cheapest small glass of wine was over $ 9.00 .
The lean brisket portion was very dry and the fatty portion was just full of fat , there was n't a happy medium .
We happen to stop here after a visit to Cabela 's sporting goods next door .
Especially if you are selling restaurant.com gift cards ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I hear the lines are bad , we had no line .
My biggest concern is that the dishes are small .
Really hit the spot .
And the customer service was decent , as was the cleanliness .
That 's good service right there .
My favorite item on the menu is the grilled avocado halves topped with ahi tuna .
Sides - Ms D declared the green beans to be just a little better than plain out of the can .
But overall a good experience .
Still ca n't say enough about this place after all the times I 've been here .
The crab was nice and crunchy on the outside , seasoning was just right as you can still taste the crab meat .
I would 've tipped her $ 2 but she apparently helped herself which I do n't like unless being notified of automatic gratuity .
I ordered the tacos , one cod and one steak .
I 've wanted to try this place since it opened and am glad I finally did .
Only real ding I give them is that their guacamole was not very good .
I really enjoyed the feeling while having my coffee at La Va Cafe with my boyfriend .
The restaurant is acoustically lively ; at times it was difficult to maintain a conversation with our table mates .
The only negatives was the pickles not being filled up and the price was a little high , I do n't think the price was reasonable .
It was like eating beef jerky but unfortunately the beef jerky was softer !
The sushi is outstanding also .
The shrimp , fish and crab cake platter were full of just chips instead of seafood .
Pappardelle with pork had almost no pork ; tasted fine though .
I 'm not a tea fan so I passed .
We tried three of their sauces and they all complimented the brisket very well .
Ca n't say one outshined the other , I truly enjoyed every dish I tried .
I got the sugar and spice pancakes .
Both tacos have lettuce , tomatoes , cilantro , and feta cheese with lime .
My dinner tasted good but was cold .
I had a lot more pieces of sand in my mouth and it detracted from the experience .
go back again and give it another try ... french toast and omelette looked good !
My SO , friend and I tried this place around 5:45pm Saturday night .
I could have loved this dish if it were n't for the fact that the tilapia was a bit overcooked .
We had the calamari appetizer , and it was decent .
I had their fettuccine with smoked salmon the other night and it was very good .
The steak was juicy ( he 'd asked for medium ) .
That was not very good baklava .
He said the potato salad was bland and the potatoes were under cooked and crunched when you bit into it .
This hotel is enormous , nevertheless , every staff person I encountered , greeted me and made sure that I knew where I was going .
Did I mention how great the staff is ?
My primary complaint was with the service .
Went there Sunday and the bartender Michelle was rude and uninterested in doing her job .
Had the ribeye : tender , perfectly prepared , delicious .
The store is very cute and although small with the outdoor seating is just so cute .
Although being split up in 2 tables everything was on point .
Someone has messed up the address so that you ca n't check in here ... regardless my chicken salad was wonderful !
Unfortunately , I just did n't enjoy this restaurant and was pretty disappointed .
I 've been to Fro Yo before , and it 's ok , but I really like hard ice cream better .
We eat here almost every week .
Our waiter was very nice and enthusiastic about the menu , but he was n't very good .
I actually did n't enjoy the shredded beef that much because since it was twice cooked , it was a bit fibrous and chewy .
We took 3 kids had sesame chicken , beef with broccoli , chicken chow mein and steamed rice .
Unfortunately the food sucked so hard that they only came out with the rare one - star rating .
Enchilada combo plate $ 7
They do n't take reservations for parties under 6 ppl , so to avoid the 45 min wait , we had to eat outside .
The food finally came out .
Fried chicken , bbq chicken , macaroni , gumbo , red beans and rice , bread pudding , and a salad bar .
I heard the dan dan mian in Olde City is the best , but the one in UC is n't so good ( I would n't know since it has peanuts ) .
It 's decorated with frogs , which was very cute and different .
He made us feel so comfortable and had great recommendations as far as the menu and drinks .
Nice , beautiful Sunday afternoon , we wanted to sit outside , have a drink and eat a late lunch .
This is a newer establishment in Boise based on the Amazing Restaurants they have in Boise .
By the way , if you 've happened to live a long life or have served our county , they do n't care .
Great visit as always and the renovation are wonderful .
The 6 year old ate her cotton candy frosting but we did not like it .
And every single food dish was phenomenal .
This is absolutely the worst Indian restaurant I have ever eaten at .
We ordered # 24 which was a lamb dish .
Entree : Chicken Parmigiana ( $ 17.00 ) My opinion is it is a bit too pricey for such a common dish .
I also ordered the Chicken wings .
I wish there was more seating , but other than that , there 's not one bad thing to say .
The salad was fresh and made well .
No beers on draft - is that a conscious decision to be " different " ?
The waitress Anna explained it comes with mexican rice and a guac salad , I said great as I do n't like refried beans .
So loud I would say this place is kid friendly despite being in such close quarters with your neighbors .
That was a big minus , rushing us to our food .
I had the salmon teriyaki with the chef 's seaweed salad ( try it , you 'll like it ) for $ 8.95 and it was absolutely delicious .
I ordered the Cubano sandwich , which had pulled pork on it and ham .
Then I had pork schnitzel and " pommes frites " ( that 's shoestring fries to the Galliphobes ) .
Good job Em J 's ! ! ! ! !
We each ordered the lobster bisque for starters , that came with a freshly baked baguette and whipped butter .
I loved the selection of craft sodas they had .
The house bread is so yummy , as well as the house sangria .
We also had spring rolls and salad rolls .
Walked in late , on a Saturday night but we were welcomed with as nice smile .
The seafood was perfectly cooked and breaded just right .
I ordered a pumpkin spice latte with almond milk .
The cocktail I had was the day 's riff ... bartenders improvisation ....
I 'm from Chicago and I 'm a snob on pizza .
Now for the most important part , the sauces !
I dined here on 07/29/17 and asked my server about vegan options .
Friendly service , highly recommend !
This is a unique dining experience .
We both had the specials-- pork burger for me and New York strip for him .
The first time i got there for pickup and they had completely forgotten to put my order in .
I only had an hour to eat and at this pace I just got up and left .
The gyro was so big I had to save half .
We waited over 30 mins for breakfast .
It 's my new favorite coffee joint !
Everything about this place is damn near phenomenal .
This place is great , definitely one of our fall - back places when we want to go out .
I went in for lunch and was surprised at the lack of patrons .
The service sucks and sometimes you ca n't even get in the door but the beignets and hot chocolate are worth it .
The salad had a pork vinegarette that was unbelievable .
They run out on weekend nights so make sure you get there early .
Yes I ended up eating it all , against my original intent .
I 'm not mad at about it , but it just took up space and hid my noodles .
For such a nice place , it 's sad to see a bunch of ice berg lettuce thrown on a plate .
We were in Yats a few weeks ago and were disturbed to find that they had stopped taking credit cards .
It 's right off the huge intersection of 202 and Gulph Rd near the KOP mall .
I ordered the hummus appetizer for the table and was very pleased at the quality of the dish .
Most of the toppings lay at the bottom of the carton .
Again ... I did n't pay for the meal , so that may have influenced my rating a little .
We order the Jerk Chicken Skewer as a starter and it was so unbelievable delicious !
You really ca n't help but " ohhh and ahhh " over the plates as they come out .
My wife and I visited for the first time .
Cheese was ok .
The downside is no sides are included , but the hummus plate and fries were definitely enough to share .
She makes the whole experience that much better .
I had the country style breakfast ; dice ham eggs a bunch of other stuff .
Price was surprisingly not as expensive as I thought it 'd be .
I have been craving good Thai food for quite some time now & boy oh boy they HIT THE SPOT ! ! !
I do , however , hear that their happy hour is great !
A little pricy , but they are delicious and worth it .
I just returned from Israel and was craving some shawarma but did n't want to leave the couch .
I like the tangy tomato dressing since they do n't have catalina or french .
Came here and was delighted to see nothing but Taiwanese people ( Authenticity ) .
The corn tortillas are handmade : very thick , soft , and tasty .
They were full of delicious meat .
So Billingsgate used to be a sit down meal experience .
There was no sense of urgency to help any of the customers in line .
The spoonbread side was awesome in and of itself , but as a go - along - Yeah !
I tasted one of my friends chocolate pancakes which was different but a bit too much chocolate for breakfast in my opinion .
I liked the place and food , but i ca nt give more than one star cause the service was terrible .
Then we tried the Cuban it is very good and huge onion rings .
They 're tortillas are homemade and so delicious .
After the appetizer , our bread and salad came out .
The scrapple is great , so are the breakfast potatoes .
It 's a niggling complaint , but a little more consistency would be nice .
Went last night with a group of 10 .
At 6 pm on a Saturday night , that makes it pretty miserable .
The carrot cake might be one of the biggest slabs you can get in the entire United States ...
The cro - cremes are amazing and addictive .
My wife and I have eaten there a couple of dozen times and never walked away with ( excuse the pun ) a bad taste in our mouth .
I 'm also pretty sure that the dressing contained anchovy paste , and this is as it should be !
By the time we got our food ( almost 30 + mins ) we just wanted to eat and leave .
Had the sweet potato pancakes , waited in line outside for an hour but it was so worth it .
I came here and asked a fellow customer , " what should I get " ?
The cornbread is unique and tasty .
A young man with no sense of urgency came from across the room where he was seated playing with his phone .
The atmosphere is sweet , but the food is mediocre at best .
They probably did n't tell us that they came with donuts because they just thought we wanted more ... ?
I enjoyed the food here .
Our orders were taken promptly , the correct food arrived , and my burger and fries were hot and fresh .
And the more spicy queso and salsa .
Although it was a it pricey , the grouper was perfect .
The pork taco was the more " dressed up " of the two tacos with a bit of slaw and a red sauce .
Never had a bad time here .
It took the waiter about twice as long as it should have to get to my table .
Well worth the walk .
This restaurant brings back childhood memories since I grew up in The Goodland .
Um its 2011 , everyone uses cards .
Worst experience I have ever had at chipotle .
What was disappointing though , was the portion size .
Also , I ordered an egg - less cake from them and it was heavenly .
A propane fire pit and amble seating
it 's the atmosphere that you are coming for and that 's the five star experience .
Oysters were huge !
It was n't 5 star just bc nothing 's perfect .
Beer selection is mostly local type and server did not know much about any of them .
Nice atmosphere , but wo n't be a place we visit often , if we do indeed return .
The price was nothing to complain about at all , but all the same I have little interest in making a repeat visit .
The tacos are pretty small considering the price ( about 4 a pop ) .
Happened many times .
Overall 4 out 5 stars because it 's a good Mexican restaurant , but 5 stars is reserved for my most favorites only .
The fish was flavorful and cooked to crisp perfection and it was served with a mango salsa and cilantro dressing .
I ca n't wait for the next birthday party because we will definetly use ACW again ! !
We were given a cream pancakes to taste test by our awesome server , Tina .
The service was a bit uneven .
There was n't a single taste bud that was n't satisfied .
Ordered the following : cappuccino & mochaccino ( fantastic .
Drank the sauce with a spoon afterwards .
This small quaint place is a gem !
Do I care about the napkin placement in the middle of a meal ?
the burgers are mediocre and the mexican food is nt too great , but its a dependable place .
5 : Speaking of the food once again .
Was surprised by the 27 $ bill for one entree .
We both had lamb dishes .
For the dry topping , I chose the coconut curry .
I told her I was already being helped and Sue finished the service .
When we said we were 3 , they started the old story .
I had the egg , sausage , bacon , hash and short stacks !
Sadly , the poor punctuation does add Philly hoagie / steak shop authenticity .
Sat in the drive thru for 15 minutes , finally got to order , and the employee could n't get our order right .
It was probably the most delicious lasagna i have had other than my mothers , obviously .
and the croissant sandwiches are amazing !
But the carnitas -- how do you mess up fried pork ? !
Loved the flavor and the nice chunks of ham hocks dispersed throughout .
If you live any where in the Tampa / Brandon area , do yourself a favor and check this place out ...
The menu is set up for sharing which is , in my opinion , the most rewarding way to experience a restaurant .
I guess they decided to go in a different direction and name .
The ground beef taco was so authentic with potatoes and carrots in it .
It 's not uncommon for the line to be wrapped around the building on Sundays and holidays .
Love their babaganoush , chicken shawarma , hummus , tabouli .
Do yourself a favor - pass this location by and drive 5 miles east on 54 to the best Vallartas in the area .
The omelet was large and truly a masterpiece , with really fresh mixed greens on the side .
Louis 's authentic American - Italian restaurants , but rather a nicer alternative to Macaroni Grill .
The food and the service are outstanding .
The food was great and the service was fantastic .
A little pricey , but actually worth the money .
The overpriciness also applies to the food .
However , the manager was nice and took the food off of our bill .
I will post some balcony pictures just so you can get a idea of what I 'm talking about .
The sauce and the cheese made it , and , of course , it had the bacon in it .
We ate here a few months ago , and I forgot to review it .
The mushroom salad was incredible , definitely one of the best mushroom dishes I have ever had .
My favorite toppings to order are sausage , pepperoni , green pepper , and onion .
Not too sweet and very well fried outside with almost a crunch , and the inside of the donut is fluffy and awesome .
Twice we asked the waiter to turn the music down .
Sorry wo n't be going to this place again .
I also had the " The Commodore " off the drink menu , and it was very good , too .
The rest fall where they deserve .
I would recommend not coming in with a group larger than 10 , since even with a reservation , the dining area is small .
Their margaritas and quesadilla are two of my favorite items .
I tried both their raw oysters and fried oysters and honestly I prefer the fried , I think it had a lot more flavor to it .
I had the seafood gumbo and a stuffed mirliton
The salad dressings were home made , and the fried seafood items were well seasoned and not the least bit greasy .
A bit ( ! ) too sweet today .
Everyone seemed to LOVE the sweet potato fries !
Went in for brunch with a friend , and loved it !
Nice location and nice looking restaurant .
We 've been loyal customers since opening weekend and eat there nearly every weekend since !
so rather then hold a cold heart I decided to give Burtucci 's a shot again and it was a great choice .
I asked if they had any hershey syrup I could mix in to make it better and he said no .
To eat , we ordered the pimento cheese , skillet cornbread , shrimp & grits and the hot chicken .
Crawfish mac n cheese = outstanding !
In sum : the food is terrible , and the service is attentive .
Pancheros is very much like Chipotle , minus the long lines !
She was n't wearing gloves also .
Now , I 'm from Southern California and I have tried red velvet before , but I could n't understand what the fuss was about .
They have lost a loyal customer and I will also warn others about the dishonest workers at this location .
I ca n't wait to come back and try out some more of the vegan dishes because so many of the options sounded delicious .
The server responded with American or Cheddar .
I wanted to invite their wives to leave with us , because I just can not imagine ...
The manager responded and tried to blame us for this issue .
Then came the gumbo ya - ya .
In addition , the place is spot on clean .
But once in a blue moon on a really dreary day like today , I stay in and have the Cobb Salad .
I try to eat here every time I 'm in Philly because it is some of the best Caribbean food I 've ever had .
The empanada crust could make anything taste good , it was simply delicious !
the lighting is fairly dim which I like and a lot of local elements were used in crafting the decor .
And that 's what I did yesterday , but wow , I wish I had n't .
The service was pretty great as well .
The shrimp and grits were the best I have ever had , my absolute favorite .
With every bite the sandwich got better and better .
They are fast and every hoagie I have gotten from there is just delicious .
Food is naturally the most important thing for most restaurants and Compere Lapin does n't disappoint .
Their food is really , really good .
Seemed like a desperate attempt to make money .
I came here for breakfast with my man and it was pretty good .
Slightly spicy , full of flavour , this was my favourite bulgogi dish of the night .
The strawberry with poppy seed dressing and chicken I had was refreshingly delicious !
Our waitress was great , very friendly , very active .
The wait was like an hour but it was worth it .
I love everything about these burgers ... except the price .
The kids love it because of the " jungle " , the arcade , water show and boat ride in the Delta .
Even though it was a busy weekend and lots of people everywhere a lot of places are n't over crowded .
One of the main draws is their happy hour where they have hookah for $ 8 , as well as very inexpensive beer and wine specials .
It is a bit pricey , but if you can swing it I do n't think you 'll be disappointed !
I see why this place is very popular , i 'm a fan .
I ordered the tofu salad , which was just blah .
This place is really , really good .
I also ordered the lobster bisque which tasted like it came right out of a Campbell 's creme of chicken soup can .
I ordered the house margarita and the wife ordered a strawberry flavored one both of which were very good .
My husband and I have eaten at M3 at least six times , and each meal has been delicious .
This was the only not good thing : for one thing , the bread , ( that same old white ) was not toasted at all .
Exquisite offerings .
Our waitress was friendly and food was served nice and hot .
The chefs cut was 50 bucks .
We ended up keeping the appetizer platter but only paying what we would have for the beef quesadilla .
It 's nice and clean , service was fast and the staff behind the counter very courteous .
7 pieces served .
We walked in at 9:30 PM on a Saturday night and it was full , but we also ate in the bar again this time .
Several staff members saw me cleaning the spill off the floor and not one offered to help or get a mop .
The food is surprisingly good .
I 'll probably go back for the patio but it 's not my first choice .
The place was already packed out by early Saturday afternoon .
We usually come at least once a month .
The layout was different than the former Bibo location there .
We ordered several pizzas .
The turkey was light but hearty enough .
Got a huge portion of eggs , but it was so stuffed with pail , raw ish onions , that I could n't eat it , yuck .
The drinks were good .
So next time that 's what I 'm going to do .
Good none the less .
I had the pineapple crush I believe and bae had a strawberry margarita .
Definitely worth the walk from the French quarter .
The drinks were fantastic- great exotic combinations .
I like the ambiance a lot , and for the most part the food is really good .
We did this for the I * heart * Mr. Sushi guy ( Yoshi 's ) and now we 've done it for Kenji , formerly of Sekisui on Grand ....
First of all , they do n't deliver to our home .
In my opinion , probably the best thing they had going for them was this build your own burrito note pad .
It was an hour wait for a table for two with no reservations on a Saturday night but they had seating right away at the bar .
The first time I went there last year a neighbor told me about the pumpkin .
I wonder if they changed management or something
While the staff is very accommodating , you 're better off skipping this restaurant .
The picture of the deviled eggs on Yelp caught my attention but I ordered the chicken sandwich .
The pork chops are so flavorful and the roast beef had a peppery flavor .
A family friend designed the interior of this historical site for Kevin Costner ( the owner ) .
I 'm literally craving it as I type this .... My friend got the Cobb salad and he could n't stop raving about it .
The only good thing about this trip was the mozzarella sticks .
Location sucks right now because of construction , so make sure you go via N Illinois rather than Meridian !
The view is of really pretty trees , grass and the road .
As for the rest of the food at El Camino , the only other thing I 've tried would be the fried pickles .
The beer selection is diverse and impressive .
I ordered dozen raw oysters and my Bf ordered the creole trio .
For my first time there it was not a bad experience .
I ordered a caesar salad , which was a really good basic salad .
Shrimp the size of a half dollar mounded upon a bed of broccoli in sweet yet savory black sauce with candied walnuts mixed in .
They only checked on us a few times over an hour period , and frequently forgot to bring more drinks when ordered .
The hot dogs are okay .
Presentation was a little sloppy .
The pop tart was dense and not nearly as flavorful as the other two goodies .
I highly recommend this place !
The place is comfy and intimate and the food is real Asian comfort food , no MSG .
Never had bad service or food ! !
Waitress took the time to walk us through vegetarian and pescatarian menu options .
Speaking of Cajun - the last time I had a beignet like they serve here I was in New Orleans at Cafe du Monde .
Four of us just had hibachi dinners at Megu in Cherry Hill .
I 've eaten here several times over the past few years and I have to say their service has gotten progressively better .
While I do n't drink , I was also extremely impressed by their drink specials .
I was playing phone tag with the manager for weeks to discuss our bad recent experience here and after a while I just gave up .
I 've been waiting for what seems like ages for Lee House 's latest restaurant to open up shop .
The bread is amazing .
Although pretty far south , this place is worth the drive .
Completed the night with a tiny glass of ice cream with a candle .
Best Donut of my entire life .
The food took nothing short of an hour to get to the table , but once it got there , it was tasty .
A tour guide perfectly described the difference between Bourbon Street and Frenchman Street .
The Pho is particularly good , and the Bun bowls are excellent .
I never got the opportunity to come back for their lunch items but I had heard from friends that their sliders are delicious !
I highly recommend this diner ! !
Bottom line : do n't eat here !
It 's a BYOB so you can keep the cost down .
I live nearby and it 's my go to neighborhood spot .
but , the smoked chicken panino and the banana caramel desert panino are SOO good .
I 'm very upset I need to pay $ 10 every time I go there for parking ..
It was so good , temp was perfect , and flavor just made it all melt in my mouth .
We have been here today but maybe coming after the holiday break was n't a good idea .
You 've reached the spot .
Was very patient and attentive with our large group and very knowledgeable of the menu and what The Block had to offer .
There is a slight bit of uniqueness to their subs , but mostly they are pretty standard ( more like Subway than like Which Wich ) .
They have a happy hour 3 - 8pm everyday : Half off all beers , $ 3-$4 glasses of wine & $ 8 hookah !
I got the yellow curry with chicken and the packaging leaked all over and the chicken was overdone and the potatoes underdone .
Chinks is a small hole in the wall type place , but as many know these places can be the best cheat eats around .
But the coffee was horrendously bad .
They should have had the cops walk back away from where customers were and deal with it there .
Even the hostess came over .
We arrived for our stay excited for the weekend .
I ordered the Belgian , two smashed patties with crumbled bacon and Gouda cheese with a garlic aoili .
To start with , we ordered the guacamole .
Overall , I 'm glad I came , but neither the food or ambiance did anything to scream " Come back , Allie ! "
The collard greens were ok , but they 're not really my thing .
It 's not a particularly fancy place and it is cluttered but that said for what it is- its great .
I swear I saw a tumbleweed roll by .
Seating is covered outdoor picnic benches , not filthy but not exactly clean .
Heard from many people how good it was and was disapointed .
Same with the mozzarella sticks .
The place has been there since forever and is a very relaxed atmosphere .
Bread pudding was very good .
We shared the soup of the day , a root vegetable concoction that was super - tasty .
Came in shortly after the lunch hour , they immediately started making my order and it was done probably 10 minutes later .
There is nothing that compares to this place in Reno .
The quail is small and very flavorful and the wings are a good size and seasoned with five spice which was enjoyed by all .
really helpful and nice staff .
Took the last table by the front door and suggest you DON'T if it 's chilly .
And he 'll remember your order too .
server was really nice and helpful .
Its the food that will prevent me from returning .
For celebrating our wedding anniversary , it was a disappointment .
-The restaurants are expensive and they do n't have any local appeal .
Most importantly , the sushi is VERY good ... and you get a good amount .
This bar is my favorite one we went to in NOLA .
I 've been here twice but both were absolutely incredible dining experiences .
Unfortunately , this was the last thing that went as it should .
The Sante Fe Burrito is truly HUGE - also delicious- great salsa verde !
Ditto for the dry cooked string beans .
It just helped us have such a great experience .
When I brought it to the attention of the cashier , she said that 's just how it is / do it in the system .
Tried it for the first time today since they " popped up " at our office building .
We got a flight of beer and the Vintage cider .
The ramen was a great price point ( $ 11 ) and was pretty good .
And I still ca n't trust restaurants that have misspellings on their menus .
I know it will be a long line at the new location but it will be worth the wait ....
I 've been in 3 times in the last 2 weeks and they have been dismissive about my questions every time I 've been in .
So stoked about the pizza and wing buffet .
I just wished the burger had been more to my liking .
I 'm used to Wetzels Pretzels which I already thought was expensive at $ 3.49 + tax a pretzel .
I got the collard greens and potato salad side .
Very accommodating , great selection .
Then they lay big towels over your lap to wipe your hands on because your fingers are your utensils here .
PS : They stop serving food early which was a total disappointment because their menu is seriously tasty sounding !
So I have been here multiple times becuase it is close to my work and some of my coworkers love the wings here .
For a slow afternoon , the tables were pretty dirty and there were a few flies .
The second one was equally delicious ;) I 'm not typically a marg fan but in the spirit of the day I opted for not one but two .
I used to go to this location all the time , the staff was always friendly and I could count on it being good .
The salad was yummy , the Bloomin ' onion was tasty even though it was over cooked .
I had a lavender martini to go with it , which was made with fresh lavender picked from the outside !
I tried the homemade granola and yogurt ..... AWESOME ! ! ! !
( If she said we had to buy food then we would have ) Then said shouted that does n't support alcoholism !
Great service Hailey was the shit !
While the food and overall dining experience was good , I left feeling disappointed .
The gent running the cafe is also unbelievable friendly .
The atmosphere is a bit noisy , in the front dining room .
It is one of the nicer businesses on this forgotten strip of Rising Sun Avenue .
Since moving to Fletcher Place , I 've been looking for a bar near by that 's similar to my neighborhood favorite , J Clydes .
Had the chicken and French toast and it was over the top !
I mean , it 's not bad , but it 's not worth the price either .
After following Chef Nina Compton on Top Chef I was very happy to see that she had a restaurant here in New Orleans .
The veggies were not over cooked and and the crust was buttery , flaky and dense .
The sauces were good , the sides were good , and I 've heard great things about it .
The sweet cream ice cream is divine .
I will say that it felt a little like Kermit 's needs to decide if they 're a bakery or a pizza shop .
For the main course I enjoyed a Salty Burger while she had the macadamia crusted grouper , both were excellent choices !
This was my first time here and I can say I was n't disappointed .
They were obviously in a rush since they had so many customers and so the service was n't that great .
They were so large and meaty and were served with a delicious sauce .
Breakfast was quite abysmal .
Liked it so much I bought more to share with everyone back at the house .
Brandon Ravens was the best server .
I have been to this place several times and it has not disappointed me in any way ...
We stopped in a couple Saturdays ago on a recommendation for an Ohio State game .
The emperor has no clothes .
We 've been wanting to try this place since moving here a year ago , and we will not be going back .
would 've asked for a refund .
On that note , service here is also very friendly .
No wait but we went at 9:30 on a Thursday night .
It was obviously made with care .
The only small iffy thing I have about this place is that it does n't have much seating , but other than that .
My children and I physically got sick from this pizza .
I 'd wait an hour to get into here ! ! ! !
I was n't disappointed with the food by any means but was n't thrilled either .
I 'm reasonably sure that they got a frozen burrito from wava and heated it under a panini press .
Not impressed by any of the beers .
Yeah , good lobster but could n't help walking away thinking I got ripped off .
I had to ask three different waitstaff for silverware before I finally got it .
The " meh " stuff :
We drive 30min roundtrip when there are 8 Chinese restaurants within 2 miles of our home and several that will deliver .
The donuts are soooo good .
I do n't know what they marinate their chicken in but it 's got some heat and I like it .
His asparagus were missing , but when he saw the sad little overcooked spears I received , he figured he 'd pass .
The food was beyond delicious and I was blown away by the dessert .
The pizza is subpar at best .
This is a great place for breakfast when you are visiting Montecito .
The manager apologize but this is a regular occurrence at this restaurant .
It was almost full but there were a handful of tables open .
Highly recommended middle eastern " hole in the wall " .
Then we had some creamy rock shrimp that had a tiny bit of spice at the end which was pretty good too .
My kids inhaled their steak dish .
The brunch is delicious .
I definitely recommend going early ( before 9 am ) as the wait tends to get longer after 9 am !
High hopes based on some of the previous reviews , but we were disappointed .
The service has been nice , to me .
It looks like a change of management .
The ambience and food are great .
It 's usually full of business suits , but that does n't bother me when the food is so good .
Our total bill which include two ice teas , 2 coffees , 2 desserts , entrees and appetizer was $ 72 .
Our service was good the building is really cool with a vibe that 's a touch hipster .
Like an all too familiar pattern , I go back to Mohammad Butt , my main man for marsala .
I 've brought some of my friends here to try the food and they 've enjoyed it as well .
As for appetizers , the Kung pao calamari was one of the more intetesting appetizers I have had in awhile , i loved it .
Clearly someone fudged the truth to get me to come in .
The zucchini sticks were plenty ; at least 12 of them and really fresh too .
We walked out with a 35 $ bill , with no refills or melted cheese i wo nt be coming back to this place .
This place has great outdoor seating for those long summer nights ... grab a peach margarita and ENJOY !
Atmosphere was top notch .
I did n't have a bad experience or anything and they are friendly .
It brought back fond memories .
Horrible food .
It was n't the best Asian food I have had , but it was satisfying .
The food was very very good , but $ 35 for five ounces of beef ( very good , but skimpy , ) was kind of crazy .
The only negative was the wait time at dinner .
I am disappointed - it was the very first place I took my current girlfriend Gail on a date , back in December 2011 .
Wings were also very good as was the blue cheese dressing that came with it .
I liked their wrinkle fries , their sandwich was good and flavorful , and owner was very friendly .
The marinara sauce was bland .
We came in on a Saturday night , but fortunately early enough in where we were seated before the rush arrived .
The place was packed yet seating us did n't take more than 20 minutes .
Visited today for lunch and it was pretty yummy .
Bread was so hot , got a small salad , & great pasta all for under 13 bucks ? !
The giant cookies are pretty blah .
One of us who are the crawfish etouffe had terrible food poisoning .
At first glance , it appears as though there is a lot of sushi .
TL;DR - cheap prices , best biscuit , no thrills
We also ordered the duck fried rice which had an amazingly rich flavor that we could n't save any for tomorrow 's leftovers .
We love their beer selection , and the place is trendy and a lot of fun .
We had another outstanding meal at J Gilbert 's .
My food was incredible .
Its way too weak , always .
Everyone I was with seemed to think that Ralph 's was hooking it up and serving the best Italian food around , but ....
This place is walking distance to my office and the lunch prices are pocket friendly !
The price is right , the atmosphere is low - key , and they wo n't forget your refill even if you 're sitting on the back patio .
The portions are HUGE & the prices are low for what you 're getting ! !
Very nice waitress !
I ca n't speak for the service inside the restaurant , but I love sitting at the outside bar , and service has been spot on .
Rock music was playing in the restaurant .. nothing authentic about it .
At times we seemed to have been forgotten .
We finally were seated , and ordered food .
AVOID AT ALL COSTS
The shrimp tempura was serving of 5 very large gulf shrimp atop a very flavorful asain slaw .
Our waitress Daniel was really busy but also really helpful and friendly .
The atmosphere is nice , there is just limited seating .
This place defies any categories .
Good meal and I 'm glad I stepped out of my comfort zone .
It was ok but the quality of food was low .
The beers are amazing ... you have to try the ragin cajun , its amazing .
It 's been a while since I 've gotten really excited about Chinese food .
My husband & I split the shrimp cocktail which included only 3 but they were very large .
Because the meat was in a cream base , it was overly rich and she ended up not eating much of it .
But one cooled back at the hotel room tasted bad for some reason .
I was n't a huge fan of the fish , but I think I just do n't like puppy drum as much as I expected to .
It works in a pinch if you 're in the mood for pork !
OMG - I found my personal holy grail , the ever elusive authentic Chicago - style Italian Beef Sandwich !
Everything from the service to the robust / perfectly seasoned food to the warm and rustic ambiance ...
I brought a friend who is preggers and lets just say the queso made her very happy !
I did include pictures .
Second- you are literally sitting on top of the party next to you .
In fact , not very authentic either .
The wine pairings were excellent ; in some cases perfect .
My maternal grandparents are from Nawlins and my mothers cooking is heavily influenced by that .
I think it 's the rice with the pieces of cilantro , oh and the veggies are better too .
We had a great experience and intend to come back again soon !
The owner and his daughter(s ) are super friendly .
Stumbled across this place on our way to the Walnut theatre .
The food is very unique and every selection is a good choice .
I 'm not sure why it got all the fives .
My friends and I came here for two nights from Chicago .
I came with a friend , physically a little rough around the edges , but great .
This is definitely a special occasion type place , but for such events , well worth the price !
The dishes were all decent , but not amazing .
I did n't ask for extra sauce !
Hors d'oeuves - crispy Brussels sprouts - OMG next time I 'm getting my own .
Also the next day I was sick with food poisoning the entire day .
I got the Stuffed Pepper , Shrimp Pasta & green beans .
The prices were n't bad at all and the food was freshly made .
We got three slices and a cheesesteak and a drink for $ 16 .
Was n't sure what to expect with the spicy fries going in - are they hot sauce fries , etc ?
BBQ brisket sandwich melts in your mouth and the sweet potato fries were the perfect compliment .
i wish she would 've known more about the vegan options but apparently she did n't have time and was quite rushed .
If you come on Friday , definitely get the Sammy 's Big Fish sandwich ; It 's only available on Friday .
our guys at larry 's hooked us up with leftover cheesesteaks and a meatball .
Both had great flavor , and tasted very authentic .
Last minute choice before the March for Science .
It was definitely worth the 9 bucks .
Dmitri 's is the best Greek food in town .
All 4 ways delicious but my fave was the coconut shrimp .
All in all our experience was unsatisfactory due to the lack of professional management .
Lamb noodles were good ( my opinion ) or great ( everyone else 's opinion ) .
The pizza was cold , soggy , salty and I got one cheese and one pizza that was 1/2 cheese and half pepperoni sausage mixed .
The staff still greeted us and seated us with friendly faces .
By 11 am the place was jammed .
The food was next level .
When we arrived we were seated at the smallest table in the restaurant which barely fits two people .
Alligator Roll = pure decadence with a flare of heat ! ! !
It was pretty good , but the real flavor was in the sauce ; I wish the pork itself was as flavorful .
Went back to The Fat Ham last week and it is still amazing .
The ladies behind the counter are always polite and prompt .
This place needs to be inspected .
The food here is terrible ( old - tasting , not warm at times ) .
Someone slapped a bill down in front of us when it looked like my roommate was finished eating and that was that .
But to my surprise , it was greatly decorated in Thai decor .
It 's the kind of place that I would come to after a long day in the sun .
Another friend ordered the Tuna Salad which looked good !
It is a huge resort and the perfect place to host a work convention .
I could barely finish it cause I was so full , but I was happy to have some yummy leftovers .
And the selections are awesome .
Waitresses are very attentive .
Went all in on a triple after walking around for a few hours on a relatively crisp evening , and did n't regret it at all .
The place was over crowded because they over sold tickets .
It was another 20 minutes to get the actual entrees .
We got the bbq shrimp and jalapeño grits and the crab cake lafitte .
One of my favorite places for social gatherings as well as to take visitors from out of town .
We are regulars at Slate , and have been for the 6 years or so they 've been open .
The waiter , while being nice , was a little too pushy for our tastes .
This is the only restaurant my Mexican boyfriend will eat at on Cherokee .
I much rather prefer the one on Royal as it has a more clean and endearing environment .
My friend & I have ordered from this place twice .
I 'd be lying if I did n't say that this spot is in my top 3 places in town for sushi .
I get that they were closing soon , but what 's one more order before locking the doors ?
Advice to management- hire bussers and greet people as they walk in ...
Her first conversation was , " drinks ? "
Used to be much better back in the day .
Hubby got a trio of eggplant parmigiana , chicken parmesan , and ravioli .
Great job , keep going ! ! ! ! .....
I ordered the burger and potato wedges .
Why did it just take over 5 minutes for me to get only a medium coffee ?
Finally , a decent server came to our rescue .
Nice breading and fries were great .
This business is in a fun part of the city which makes it easy to add this to your schedule for the night !
The cavatappi pasta was lighter than I pictured and the sauce seemed nonexistent .
I give very few 5 stars on average and this was well earned .
Terrible service and overpriced mediocre food .
I ordered the Antipasto salad and it was the most fresh and best I 've ever had !
As all previous Yelpers have said , it is tucked into a small strip mall you 'd probably never come to on your own .
They are so ridiculously good that we always order extra for the next day and they taste just as good then .
The food here is amazing .
This place is just ok .
My son left the restaurant and waited in the car for me and my friend to finish .
Shut the front door , these were to die for .
They did n't have poori on the menu but the server said she could see if the kitchen would make it for us if we wanted .
Adorable place that could be missed .
The owner of the place is such a sweet lady and pretty much runs the joint single - handedly .
Cooked perfectly , juicy , and the roll was soft and pillowy .
Can not believe this adorable spot tucked away in the mountains .
I 'm not sure what is up with their ketchup , but I just did n't really care for it .
17 seconds after being seated we were asked if we would like to put in our order .
We had reservations for our final night in NOLA .
Furthemore , as many folks have pointed out , the portions are stingy .
The service was great , Diana was quick and professional .
Great service and staff !
The atmosphere at HipCityVeg is clean and refreshing .
OK , so I 've been here 2 times and I really enjoy this place .
I have one gripe though , the monte cisto is not worth the price and is way over priced .
What an excellent addition to newtown .
the proportion was good too .
all he said was sorry instead of saying hey we will cook it to your liking or do you want something else instead ! ! !
It was awesome to the connection .
I should have just scrambled some eggs myself and slapped it on rice .
He had the drunken noodles with chicken .
As a IHG Platinum member , I was offered two free drink vouchers when I checked in .
But sandwiches and sliders were very yummy .
That waiter was never seen or heard from again , though ...
Depending on the day and the server , the price changes every time .
It was so long ago that i was here for brunch , but i remember it being delicious .
The crisp apples brought fresh tartness that was balanced by the bitter greens and the lightly charred cauliflower .
The duck abalone soup was the only part of the meal that had some slight flavor .
It has definitely changed since the last time we were here .
Did not take picture the first time but I will tale pictures next time .
So I decided to go inside here for a appetizer cause I was hungry .
I would have a bad attitude myself .
They were like an upscale onion ring
I selected one and had the bartender choose my other two .
I officially consider this place hit or miss now .
First , my two friends got their goat cheese crepe appetizer and I got my oysters .
The great thing about this place is that anyone can eat there .. you can customize your soup to your liking .
My wife had a plate of the truffle , cheese , garlicky fries and loved them .
SLOW SERVICE!!!Missing items and cashier not giving correct change .
A better name for this place would be " World of No Beer . "
I also ordered the yellowtail / scallion , eel / cucumber , and red snapper rolls .
All were pleased with our choices and nothing remained once we were done .
I would agree with the prior posts , this was some of the best food I have ever eaten in a hotel .
After about 50 minutes after I ordered , they advised me they were out of mashed potatoes .
The food is visually appealing but some of the most awkward and distasteful food I 've ever had .
I really would n't recommend this place to anyone .
So definitely a good place to check out .
It was very good and among the better ones I 've had in and around the Philly area .
For the entree , our server recommended the meatloaf .
I do n't know what moron made the no dogs on the open air patio rule , but they should reconsider .
We started with 3 cape may salts ( two for me , one for the boy ) and tater tots , both of which made me happy .
I know that Pi is a popular place , and that it gets packed in the loop , especially on Friday and Saturday nights .
Needless to say , I 'll never go back and I 'll make sure I tell all my coworkers / friends to stay away .
The French toast was just right .
It 's a pretty good portion size too .
The donuts are small and taste oily then they charge 2 dollars more per dozen than everyone else .
Amazing place .
Seriously , the Queso Fundido may have been one of the best things I 've tasted .
I used to live near Citrus Park years ago and always enjoyed the classic pub style food and casual Key West style ambiance .
Their meatball sub is sooo perfect !
I work in the area and have been to this location at least 6 times in the past 3 months .
I should 've driven the extra 10minutes and found a better spot !
Also had the Tostadas de Jaiba and that was the best thing I had .
Even though I still had the receipt .
and people might think " that is so trivial .. "
Pulled pork had a sweet taste and was overall very good .
The workers are nice and helpful .
The service and food are both wonderful !
What can I say except best ribs I 've had next to my neighbors straight from the smoker .
We started out with a few appetizers ; they were pretty good .
Either way - it 's delicious !
I would n't recommend , but if you end up there it 's not torture .
Not how you talk to a customer buddy !
I asked her again as she passed by our table , and still had to wait another 10 minutes .
Our last minute decision to try Asian Chef was based on reviews we read on Yelp .
All of the food is delicious , creative , and the presentation is beautiful .
Quality of the fish and ingredients are very important but so is the chef , maybe the most important .
The coffee itself was phenomenal .
I enjoy this place a lot .
Nice bartender service and he was really runnng around .
Quiet , and out of the way , I 'm planning on this being my new study spot !
Heed the warnings .
No soap was ever used .
I know " extreme " manners are pervasive in the south , but seriously , the service in New Orleans was out of this world .
The staff is incredibly friendly at Olivia 's .
As of today , they get my nod of approval !
Both my friend and I got the mozzarella panini .
Very bad service !
Most of my family had burgers and all of them were dry and not good .
We have been here numerous times over the last three decades .
The omelets were sumptuous , the beverages fun ( including a bloody mary bar ..
Half an hour later , we called again and were put on hold twice .
I found it a bit too sweet for my taste .
My experience with this particular store was ...
There are frequently events and meetings at the convention center , so it 's always pretty busy .
Since they have such good food , it 's worth it .
We liked the idea of ordering a bunch of small plates to share .
The rolls and sauces are so unique and taste amazing .
Again , worst meal ever !
I guess I forget that when chefs and their restaurants are spoken of in these exalted tones , that it 's still just pizza .
Alas , if you are going on a weekday early - ish , it 's a darn good eatin ' joint .
There has n't been much publicity , but it 's clear that people are starting to notice this place very quickly .
Extremely rude and unprofessional waitresses .
Roll was great .
What makes it better are the sauces : siracha aoli ( YUM ! ) and black bean cilantro ( yum ) .
So I ended up sneaking in 2 fried shrimps .
The waitress was friendly and helpful with my veggie questions .
I ordered the Backyard Bowl ( which only comes in the large size for some reason ...
This was also the best service I have ever had at a cafe .
It is definitely a splurge , but well worth it .
The food was ok , but the service was disorganized .
The room is small but clean .
Definitely would recommend this spot and definitely coming back !
My mom ordered veal filet mignon , which I did not taste but judging from her oohs and aahs , was just about perfect .
Not spicy , just an unwelcome element .
My glass of priorat perfectly paired with them
Chicken tacos were great .
Also looking forward to Kevin 's new place The Fat Ham .
The first great sign was that there were a lot of people inside and out of the restaurant .
The 3 meat hash was amazing , as was the turkey sandwich and bagel / salmon .
Even got a handshake on the way out the door .
Cute interior and owner ( ? ) gave us tour of upcoming patio / rooftop area which will be great on beautiful days like today .
( I rarely come here maybe once or twice a year . ) Looks brighter which is sad because there is n't much to show off .
The French toast and regular pancakes were also very yummy and filling .
The food was ok , I ordered it for pick up , and they charged me a fee for the to go containers ? ? ?
Food and service were excellent ,
I 'm sure I 'm missing some more dining options here , but those are the ones I spotted easily .
I am not sure they deserve one star .. but they do not deserve two .
Best Italian restaurant there is .
Clearly we 're not here for the atmosphere yet it 's still the best Mexican food anywhere .
I stayed here last week and have stayed here several times over the past 8 years .
She later came back , and in a fake nice way said our table was reserved for later guests .
The po boys were served on a a fresh french bread with a delicious creole mayo .
They were busy , but forgot a couple of things we asked for .
Very generous portions of crab and shrimp with a very nice cream sauce , but , the lobster in the ravioli was just a touch fishy .
Not mind - blowing .
This was a great meal !
I hail from Memphis , so I am a bbq snob .
Just the kind of place i was looking for .
We had an Italian hoagie , and cheesesteak hoagie , and hot wings .
This is hands down my favorite coffee spot .
I will say that I preferred the beignets and coffee here at Café Beignet .
The homemade tiramisu , creme brûlée and cannoli were all great choices for dessert .
This was my first venture with takoyaki and I love Japanese food of any kind , so needless to say I was excited .
One would think with Pizzeria Vetri being so close to home , I would visit more frequently .
Service was crazy slow , and to quote - up Zanna " it took a year and a day to get " our food .
It 's the most delicious pizza I ever had .
The crust was baked just right .
I got a Hershey 's iced coffee and strawberries and cream pancakes .
For an appetizer we ordered the freshly baked meat pie .
Ordered the Baked oyster ..
We prefer sitting at the bar and always get great service , we especially like Claire .
The price is waaaay too high in my opinion and I left there feeling nickel and dimed for every little thing .
The restaurant is all hard surfaces , and it 's amplified echoes galore wherever you are .
My wife and I stoped in for a couple of glasses of wine in the bar area .
2.5 hours from sit down to paying bill and we were in a hurry .
And what can I say about the views .
I 've been going for that special for years & love it !
Overall , course condition was good with exception of several tee boxes which need attention .
I got the Mexi cali wrap .
As we doy wife and I ordered two different things and split to get to eat two different things .
We will seek it out when we return to the area .
We talked about Yelp and I assured him that I would be giving him a great review ...
Husband had the lamb chops and cleared his plate - older son had calamari , and I had chopped kale / quinoa salad ...
I had a fish taco , chicken taco and street corn .
Food & service were great & very affordable .
However , my dinner on Friday night was absolutely delicious .
The seafood ravioli was excellent and so was the fresh tomato and basil sauce .
I should have read the reviews before going here .
I got the feta and spinach stuffed bread , the chicken with bacon and tomato , and the lava cake .
The omelet was very bland , but the greens , sweet potato wedges , and cookie had a lot of flavor .
We ordered 3 kids meals and a poboy .
We ordered delivery and it came a little bit earlier than stated so that was a plus .
Never heard of sucha thing .
We had a virgin milkshake that was outstanding .
Potato skins are amazing .
As the little sister it 's nice to show my big brother a SUB or 2 .
My girlfriends and I came here for a nice girls dinner ( we love sushi ) .
After placing our order we wanted to pay with a debit card .
The first time was ok , food was decent and we were the only table in the place yet were waiting around for our checks .
I was left with a bloated rice stomach , an insulted palate , and a lingering feeling of regret for flushing $ 30 down the toilet .
I love the food at Delicia .
All the food was delicious and the service was great !
Sweet potato fries are bomb , too .
Not a bad afternoon din din .
My wife took me to Santa Barbara for my birthday in 1996 .
On atmosphere , yes the dining area was very basic .
It gets 1 star because , well I do n't have an option to give anything less and also because it was very clean .
Our server was Shannon and she was great -- pleasant and skilled ; we had a leisurely lunch and we never felt rushed .
I do remember the crust was awesome !
Steak tacos and huevo Valenzuela for brunch are good .
The fried tofu bok choy was average .
So you 're docked a star .
It 's a great little place with delicious tacos , but my favorite is the enchilada
I have been to Gullifty 's before for the karaoke before I was 21 and with a bunch of friends we would stay and eat and sing .
Good window views and seats at the bar ...
You walk in and immediately see all the delicious looking pastries on display .
The hotter the better ; the food was so amazingly flavorful I would drive back from Washington , DC just to eat here again .
I love Carpinteria , and we have been eating here for some time ....
The grilled Catfish was OK , but I loved the Harbor potatoes .
There were people eating some apps there as well .
I never heard of The Good Pie , but it had some great reviews so we decided to head over there .
We ordered deep fried fish with salted soy bean and ginger , oh my ...
My only negative was price .
Just an omelette , no garnish or sides at all ( other than the fruit in the side bowl .
This sandwich was incredible all because of the bread .
This was one of the worst pizzas I have ever eaten !
Got a delayed kick , but it 's a good one .
Anyway , if I 'd wanted to eat at a bar , I would 've gone to a bar .
This is a great place , great value , great buzzy atmosphere , and best of all they 're friendly to boot .
Also , the Hatch green chiles were too hot .
I seen another Waiter smell the drinks to see witch was witch ....
Quick service DND authentic Mexican fare .
but would n't it get all runny and melty and gross ? ) .
Since the first day I tried it I love it I keep coming back ! ! !
She said it tasted better at the Old City location .
We had a large party of 18 or so and were lucky that they were able to accommodate us without a reservation .
My new favorite local hangout ...
Staff was very friendly and professional .
Now for the desserts : I 've had several and you can not go wrong ! ! !
Just ordered delivery from this nice pan - Asian restaurant .
I think one of the best things to do in Nashville is to visit Nashville Symphony !
We also had the tot fondue ... tater tots & cheese sauce , like really really thick cheese sauce .
Well , as with all things in life , my opinion on Local Taco has somewhat changed .
The asparagus was OK ; I prefer asparagus sauteed or grilled .
I 've only had the chicken , but those i know who have had the pork and beef have raved about them .
I 'm not very familiar with the west side .
This place is n't anything exciting .
It was a big hunk , soft and not too sweet .
They have a smoker outside that is cooking all day making the surrounding area smell heavenly .
The servers are n't bad to look at either .
And I 'm talking about " rock concert " loud !
The salad bar was not worth the money and come on what salad bar do n't have bacon bits or croutons ?
I 've been a fan of this place for a long time !
Plus I love the patio out front and the randomness that ensues !
And we ordered the SMALL portions .
First time hade great reviews in yelp and we 'll derserved .
I have never been a huge fan of tamale 's but these were fantastic , and again , many choices of fillings .
Highly recommend dining in .
Oh and I ca n't forget the cocktails ..
It 's the stickiest , but most delicious , sauce !
I ate here with my boyfriend on New Year 's Eve for a nice dinner before heading out for the night .
1st visit .
i mean , it is a bar , so i do n't know why anyone would be trying to read there , but these guys were exceptionally annoying .
I always order mine rare at steak houses and this was like a soggy sponge .
Luna Bella is a decent Italian restaurant .
I enjoyed the enchiladas banderas - especially the carne seca .
Did n't like the sauce and hated the cheese .
I did not find the prices to be outrageous or the service bad .... I think the place is fun and has great food .
Before I could ask her what else they offer besides food and drinks , her coworker saved her and took over .
That was one of the best desserts I 've ever had , hands down .
My nephew had the short ribs and they were great .
Really great pizza .
We got the grilled , cheese pepper appetizer and the grilled flavor was very nice .
The enchiladas tasted like they had Vodka sauce on them and the onions inside tasted like they were n't cooked .
I gave the food a 4 and service a 2 .
I 've been for dinner before and thought it was just okay , so I figured brunch could n't be half bad .
Really no atmosphere to speak of .
Edgehill Cafe is located on Edgehill between Music a Row and 12 South , in a quaint little area called Edgehill Village .
This is a little bagel and sandwich shop tucked away in a small plaza that is in the middle of a residential neighbor .
Food mediocre .
Did n't hate them or love them and they come covered in sour cream which is not stated on the menu .
The staff are incredibly friendly and timely !
Parking is insane ... even valet is a long wait .
The pie came and for 4 grown men , we could n't put down a large it was too much .
It looked like shredded cat food and smelt like it had gone bad .
Went here for dinner with some friends and everything tastes average .
We stumbled on this one late at night .
Went for a brunch on a sunday morning and wow did nt realize the wait would be so long for basic food .
I quite liked the spiced ketchup .
The fries were no good .
I did n't get my glass of wine or my husbands cocktail until after we had had our first food item served .
For the three of us at the table , this was not an easy dish The veal was heavily coated in red sauce and green peppers .
Some dishes wo n't make sense unless you get each component on your fork .
Some mosquitoes when I went got bit up but overall get the fries and the quesadilla
And the manager was nowhere to be found !
A great place to grab lunch , especially if you 're heading across the street to play some par 3 at Twin Lakes .
The friend I went with loved it , and has been many times .
Enjoyed a romantic dinner .
Their coffee puts Starbucks , DD , Micky D 's and all the rest to shame ! !
We stopped for lunch on Sunday .
they easily accomodated my reservation for 19 ppl , and had the table set up nicely .
The fish itself is n't what I 'd call amazing , but it definitely is n't bad .
This place has been here forever , but we finally tried it and were not disappointed .
The other patrons asked for their bills before they were given to them .
Brunch menu items range from healthy to traditional ; the potatoes are delicious .
This is a popular lunch spot for the Penn student / faculty community and anyone who works in the Penn medical system .
The salads were delicious , but my husband was a little off put by the piece of anchovy on top ( on the caesar ) .
My wife and I shared a Tampa , a Mexican and a specialty roll called the Paradise Roll .
The store is depressing to visit and looks like it does little visit .
I 've been to this place in numerous occasions and I have never been disappointed !
Food , service and punctuality were all terrible .
No idea why the bartenders do n't like the patrons !
I had a soft shell crab Poboy and my husband had grilled shrimp .
The pad thai is good ; not the best I 've ever had in SB , but it tastes just right .
Once she got there service was fine .
It 's a dark little place with 50 's style stools and with tables for dining .
A must go - to place if you 're in University City .
My BOGO subs were great .
The seafood omelet with grits OMG - I was FLOORED !
I made an order of 2 tacos , a tamale and some chips with cheese .
I can not believe this place closed !
I went to Spasso the other night with some friends .
Oh and what 's great is that the same people come here every week , so you get a real sense of belonging over time .
My favorite dosa here is Mysore Masala dosa and Rava Onion Masala dosa .
Debbie served it all with a smile and threw in a glass of bubbly for free upon my request !
The price of both dishes were well worth it .
My party had a few other dishes and they enjoyed each of them .
Also the workflow here is weird .
She motioned towards her uneaten salad and said she could n't cut it with a knife .
I would go far out of my way to make a trip back to El Merendero , I suggest you do the same .
Both dishes were served with a side of basmati rice , and the attentive waiter offered to bring us more if we 'd like .
It came with large kernel corn and fried sweet potatoes which were also good .
The fish tacos and fajita chimichanga are my favorite .
We were also pleasantly surprised that we managed to snag a booking day of as well .
It is the same ownership and management as Epiphany .
Well , I live in Scottsdale , and I am not going to travel to Tucson without knowing I have a ticket , so what do I do ?
It 's only a dollar for all you can eat , but still it seems cheap .
My first time there I had their Eggs Benedict Lorraine and it was tasty .
No excuse for such unprofessional service .
I mean bacon fat popcorn .
My husband 's family decided to all meet up for dinner at this restaurant .
Why the employee just filling walk - in orders could n't take orders too , I do n't know .
I had the tacos ( ? ) ca n't remember the name , but the shells were crispy pan fried .
As soon as you walk in , you can smell the fresh - baked goods .
Holy moly , yum .
Their lasagna is supposed to be one of their famous dishes as well , but it is on the heartier side .
It takes 2 phone calls and talking to 3 people to get a reservation at this restaurant , that itself is a turn off .
The food is very good and so is the service
My boyfriend then politely asked if she could go check .
All in all , there are better places to eat in NOLA .
Grey goose martini was mostly dirty .
Fantastic place ! ! !
So yes I would give this place a 5 star if the food was a bit better but really everything was good
Both yummy in their own right .
I had the grits and grillades and it was fantastic !
Each small handful had a different taste .
I will probably go again but .... Well , the place is really nice looking but I was not impressed , so far , with the food .
The coating was excellent and cooked just right .
The show and performers were OK , but pretty much everything else was a disappointment .
When we arrived at around 12:40 , it was lively and full but not too crowded - no wait .
I love how lovely they staff are .
its constantly changing but always yummy ( lets just say there 's no calories in this meal ? ) !
The buranee kadu was surprisingly good , like melt in your mouth good .
Overall not the best pizza experience and the dough almost tasted just like digiorno 's pizza .
I ordered a chicken Fajita and chicken enchiladas with chips and dip .
My husband is from the South so we love to try BBQ wherever we go .
Prices were high but it was well worth it .
I think it is nice that they carved out a niche and are sticking to it .
The sushi is really fresh .
It served as two satisfying meals for me .
The bartender was friendly and attentive , even with a full bar .
I got the green curry with tofu ; my husband got the thai fried rice with chicken .
So between us all we had : the Bird & Pig , BBQ quesadilla , ahi BLT , clubhouse and kids pbj .
It 's beyond laughable .. where is the skill in that ?
We decided to go with the Salsiccia , which consists of roasted fennel and fennel sausage .
They also have pool leagues , and they are very competitive !
when done eating , it took 30 min to get our check and we were charged for something we never received .
There were 4 skimpy pieces of brisket .
The owner is very nice and helpful .
We lucked out that night .
It was so great that all 80 of us would love to have another reunion there .
Rumor has it that Muriel 's is haunted , but the only thing other worldly I encountered was the cuisine .
I WILL go back for the spring rolls which were very fresh and tasty , although expensive at $ 6.50 for two .
Thanks for a great evening Anthony 's !
Entrees recommended : Pollo Frito , Seafood Enchiladas , El Dorado .
Instead of eating we decided to just get drinks .
The beer towers bring back lovely college memories at champs sports bar at penn state ......
I will say the wait time does take a little longer than I would like But for what I 'm getting , it 's definitely worth it .
The service was great and the ambiance was chill .
The chicken is always on the platter , there is always falafel , and there is always hummus .
Germain , white cranberry and the early 90s movie , The Sandlot , you MUST order the Killin ' Me , Smalls .
The sauces for the fries were interesting .
Old school decor - dark woods and copper tile ceiling ( real ? ) I was there for the express lunch , a good deal .
This place has been a fantastic addition to the Lower Garden District .
A cool respite from the heat outside .
The pasta was delicious , the calzones were phenomenal , and the pizza was so good .
Zimmer 's is a great find and worth seeking out .
The waiters were as nice and helpful as can be .
But we did n't feel rushed , although the hostess will tell you when your time is up .
The place is huge with a lot of seats so you should n't need a reservation unless its a special event in the area .
The 2nd best Peruvian chicken I 've ever had in the US - only other one was in Richmond .
When it did , the fries were amazing , the onion rings were colder than the soda we were drinking .
35 minutes and she never came to take our order .
The food took awhile to get to us , but when it did ...
The atmosphere of the nail salon was sophisticated and trendy compared to most salons I 've seen .
2 ) My dinner date and I ordered a Mule each .
In fact , I believe that the menu said that this was Rachel Ray 's favorite pizza sauce -- and who can argue with that ?
I 'm not sure what they do with chicken , but it is magical .
I ve Been a loyal customer for decades .
Went back to mamacita and showed her .
Pho Hoa gives you a delicious base broth , but that does n't mean you ca n't play with it .
the restaurant is also cleaner than Ken 's though that particular standard of cleanliness is n't really tough to beat .
So , outside of Mark in NYC , these were the best sliders I 've ever had .
Could you believe the first thing she said was " so i m hearing that you never got the second batch of fries ? " .
The pizza is so worth it for either dine - in or carry - out .
Also , in addition to a plethora of drinks , we got the nachos and the " awesome fries . "
I have been in the industry a long time and this is one of the best places I have ever been to .
Update : Just had lunch and they did a total renovation of the restaurant .
I sat there , a bit worse for wear , eating the Grits in that uniform and really could have used a shower .
My medical office had our Christmas party in 2016 at The Depot Craft Brewery Distillery .
The sambar was pretty well made .
And one of the bartenders even spent time personally showing me the technique .
I also found out after our stay that my husband had requested a bottle of champagne to the room that was never brought .
Perhaps it was old and rehashed , as that 's how it tasted , but I should n't have been served that in the first place .
The bartenders are always friendly and attentive .
I think that 's the only thing I 'd want changed- some sound proofing would go a long way .
I had a choice of two dipping sauces , which I believe were ranch and barbeque .
The drinks are good enough , but they 're not particularly memorable .
We waited another 30 minutes for our drinks .
This is the kind of place you come with a group of friends - you 'll have fun for sure .
Collard greens with a bit of bacon in it was good too .
I also tried the pork belly slider and it was soooo delicious .
This is a very authentic Thai restaurant and I would highly recommend it .
The Greek salad is very tasty .
Cafe Beignet offers better beignets than Cafe Du Monde and it 's not even close .
I came in at that weird time between lunch and dinner rush .
I 've been eating Pina 's food for many years .
A lot of items were already in the process of being put away so we did n't buy very much .
Always great service .
Wait staff was right on top of the chaos .
That is one great sandwich .
I could say that this is a touch of Italy in a strip mall , but even I recognize that is a little too precious .
And , a really cool ambience .
The restaurant touts itself as elevated comfort food and that is what it is .
The sandwich tasted good , just not what I had expected .
We took some friends there on a Sunday at around 4:30pm .
My wife and I came in for two bowls of ramen .
Very disappointing , how can a restaurant not have avocado and what 's worst nobody seemed to care .
Did n't mind the higher than average prices on their stuff cause we felt we got a great deal with Groupon .
The fish was fresh and service was great .
Best part is probably the location in the charming Lower Garden District neighborhood .
You can not compare this to a del friscos , capital grill or Morton 's , but among it 's class it 's tops .
She had the grilled avocado entree and said it was amazing !
That 's what norristown needs !
The crispy wagon wheels that they started us with were amazing , and reminded me of the flavor of bugles .
I mentioned it to them once and for shoulder shrugs ...... and I also notice that it never got any cleaner .
Just overall not a great first experience , and I 'll only go back if it happens to be convenient at some point .
Other choices from our group included the Duck special , Scallops , Bison Burger and the entree sized morel pasta .
They ran out of the blueberry earl grey scones in time we made the second order and he got behind the counter .
Nothing on the menu looked appetizing or different so I ended up going with the Mac n cheese side .
I 'm not sure why I 'm seeing such low reviews but this place is AMAZING .
The atmosphere is very modern and eco - friendly at the same time .
There are a lot of things I love about this place .
Not only did our waiter bring the food out quickly , it was split into two separate dishes nicely .
I personally ordered the Petite Filet with the truffle scrambled eggs , was the perfect portion .
The fries were good without being over - salted Only had iced tea so I have no comment about the alcohol choices .
The atmosphere is cozy , and indie rather than corporate looking .
I have visited Cyrano 's dozen 's of time and have never had a bad experience .
It is a great place to hang out , to drink or eat food .
So you can imagine how many times we called the server to our table .
Maybe with the upcoming renovations they 'll get MORE NICER EATERIES that represent N'AWLINS ! ! ! ! !
my last day in NOLA , it finally did .
Our male server was very pleasant , attentive , and knowledgable on the menu .
The bar is rather small so it got loud when another group of people walked in .
The place was otherwise empty .
Super friendly people and workers here ! ! !
But anyways , I 'm not a huge pasta enthusiast - I never really crave it .
So I 'm a huge sushi fan .
We were seated near the bar where a rather odd live musician was performing to a very happy crowd of 60 - somethings .
My wife and I both had the Tennessee burger with tots .
For Father 's Day , we wanted a very nice meal so made reservations at Harry & Izzys downtown location .
Spring rolls and crab delight was good too !
The bar food , even though it was a small selection , was excellent .
He gave us lessons on Whiskey , described how to make classic cocktails , and was 100 % invested in our experience .
I had the arroz chaufa with chicken .
I have also gotten wings at this place and they are tremendous .
The one rough spot here was the nigiri .
There are a great many of us ( I 'm guessing roughly 20 staying at the hotel ) and everyone enjoys the place .
finally got the wine ....
The closest public lot was full .
We 've tried to eat here before , but the wait was too long .
Your eyes have not deceived you .
I do n't know how they afford to give you such a good big sandwich for the price .
The ingrdedients , the crust , just everything together makes this my go to pizza .
We were there during Mardi Gras so they had a King cake donut .
I also was n't impressed with my friends ' lamb tacos .
Let me tell you the broth was right on point and the noodle and meat was awesome .
The deserts were way overpriced for what they had to offer so we ended up elsewhere in town for desert .
We have had many of their appetizers all which were delicious .
A family friend mentioned the place a little under a year ago , soon after they opened up .
Best smoothies in the whole world .
Based on my visit , I recommend the nachos , roasted pork quesadilla and the crab cakes - which are humongous !
I had heard so much about it in reviews that I just had to have it .
Terrible service , terrible food , and the place is dirty beyond reason .
I 'm definitely limited , which is too bad , and there was a lot I could n't have .
My daughters food was cold .
Horribly let down by other reviewers who rated this place 4 + stars .
- Floors around seats often have crumbs / garbage around them .
First , had to call back 3 times before we could place order , they just did n't seem to have any of the favorites .
I had the Artichokes Constantinople as my entrée , and it was FAB .
You ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu .
Do n't waste your time or your money when Nashville has so many other awesome places to offer !
Absolutely fantastic and one of the best restaurants we 've been to , not just Indy , but any city !
Updating my review as our last two visits here have been much improved .
Our waitress did not want to take our appetizer order .
My friend got a Turkey sandwich and it was also delicious .
After completing the survey , I returned with my receipt only to be told that the manager does not allow free items .
Every meal here is exceptional .
My only disappointment was they did n't offer fry sauce to go with them !
Ca n't even get a salad order right .
While the line was long it went very quickly and my food was ready shortly after that .
To begin with they were pretty decent size wings .
I liked the decoration too .
I really liked the atmosphere and the fresh and yummy ingredients .
The seafood was great too !
Now i do n't know if these other yelpers being from a small town knew what real thai food should taste like but this ai n't it .
We stumbled upon Khyber Pass around 11:30pm on a Thursday night .
The service was terrific .
It could have come out over the top , but no indeed .
What makes Barrio stand out to me is the large open space and the shuffleboard ( its my favorite bar game ! ) .
Here 's an actual problem : I do n't think there are any vegetarian items besides the fries and MAYBE the rice and beans .
To pay upwards of five dollars for this is absolute robbery , and they would never get away with it off campus .
Each cut took effort as the crust was rock hard .
We had the warm and cold lobster rolls and both were great .
Very nice brunch .
The regular one with shaved ham looked really good , too .
Ann Marie in the bar area is wonderful .
Well we felt sick and sure enough , vomiting is not the best way to travel back home .
We had the Sunday brunch at Oystercatchers which was fantastic and had dinner there one night .
They have a wide selection of fresh groceries : meats , pasta ( yes , fresh pasta ) , breads , and cheeses .
Funny enough , I do n't like my drinks to taste like gasoline , but I wanted this one to taste a bit more boozey .
The other two dining partners loved their meals as well .
We love to try new places and after a little search , I found Taverna on groupon .
As with many of my reviews , I 've only been here once , but without a doubt I 'll be back .
Maybe it 's due to the fact that I 'm not a burger kind of gal , but impress me , it did not .
Wish I lived closer to this place ! !
My husbands pizza was so plain , the crust tasted stale and there was NO FLAVOR at all .
I 've been to Hot Diggity twice : once the week it opened , and today , to bring my friends .
Nice place for lunch .
There 's sometimes a long wait , because it is a small restaurant but it is worth it .
One of the only places in the world where it 's cool for a man to order a wine cooler .
We came at around 11:30am , which was perfect , because we beat the big lunch rush .
I 'm a cannoli aficionado and recognize a good thing when I taste it .
We cut it in half to split .
There are few places in Exton where you can sit outside in a nice environment and not look directly at a parking lot .
She got the nine of diamonds .
My husband got the feast which was crab legs , shrimp , and mussels .
Dessert special of the night was a chocolate chip skillet cookie with ice cream .
My friends got yuca and chicken salad as well as coffee and ice cream truffles .
The first time I had rice , the second time I had mac & cheese .
We visit Indy often and Delicia will be a must from now on !
Really good pizza ( really thin ) but the rest of the menu is pretty average fair .
So finally my boyfriend and I stopped in on Labor Day for a good dinner .
I 'm always a bit suspect of places that ca n't manage simple details like their hours on their website .
The first time I ordered a panini and I stood there for at least 15 minutes before I went up and asked about my order .
We ordered buffalo wings , grouper sandwich , and grilled cheese .
Like another person commented , I actually left hungry after the 4 course , $ 45 prix fixe meal .
I have lived in Tampa for 9 years and just ate here ..
The food : I had the thirty two oz Porterhouse and a sweet potatoe .
Except the french toast , unbelievably good for a tiny place like this .
Food was delicious and came promptly .
Very clean and nice place .
It 's a bit of a strange place but I would definitely go back .
Terrible food .
The Collard Greens , Crab Cakes , chicken soup , Gumbo and the owner was very kind to let us try the Hog head Cheese .
If there was no thick doughy white bread on the menu would be five stars
However , our waiter was very nice and took good care of us , without hovering .
Louis has alot of great food to offer , but the overall experience is lacking .
And it 's a great location in relation to other attractions in Nashville , if you ever get bored here , which is unlikely .
Looking at the photos of this place makes me homesick and I am not even from New Orleans !
I had the big salad and it was great .
moving on to the pho ...
In any event , it 's a gimmick that s worked well for this restaurant , to be sure .
The veggies on the side of the shrimp meal were the exact same as the ones in the enchiladas .
This was our first and will be our last time at this restaurant .
Strong but sweet , it 's some of the best iced coffee I 've ever had ( and I 'm kindddd of an iced coffee addict ) .
Lobster roll comes in a sweet huge red wine glass with tempura .
I have been to this place twice now , both times have been wonderful .
The owners and staff were extremely friendly and provided excellent service .
I was in the area decided to drop in .
The toppings were fresh the cheese was bubbly !
Then I ordered a bowl of corn and crab soup .
The gorgeous view is just a cherry on top of nature 's beautiful sundae .
Beni and Duck hash were scrumptious and creative .
The curried goat and sorrel were awesome .
i ca n't comment on the atmosphere , because i was there at noon during a snowstorm , so no one else was in sight ...
Our other appetizer was some sort of grilled cheese that was amazing as well .
But loved it either way .
The food was good and really interesting - this is not your typical Anglo brunch menu .
Unfortunately I ca nt give zero stars .
Portions are awful ...
Made reservations on a Friday night ( and we 're glad we did ) .
They give you plenty so that 's good ! !
Spicy shrimp dish ( ca n't remember the name ) , tuna ceviche and edamame .
In the past Cheddar 's was enjoyable but the last few visits have n't been .
The hotel rooms ( standard room , paid $ 99 a night for a Fri .
And our server really knew her wines .
The taste was great : simple with enough fat to balance out the sugar so it was n't too sweet .
I 'm guessing my previous concern has been addressed .
Artichokes were perfectly roasted .
And my Ruben sandwich was good .
There was only one waitress who was very busy , causing service to be delayed .
My wife 's parents first found it while at a car show at Little Anthony's ... they're good about finding little eateries .
Moist is good , but this was just plain wet .
By this time , I was over bowling and this entire experience and the failure to resolve the issue .
We have told others and ca n't say enough about the product and the gentleman who served us .
What I loved most about this place is that we did n't have to wait over an hour to eat breakfast .
And the fried onion & jalapeno straws were completely out of place on the plate .
Delivery the other night was on time and the whole order was correct .
Best pizza in Saint Louis .
The service was terrible .
This place ca n't be described with words !
We walked in and a server we used to have at Chava 's in Soulard is now working at the bar in Cheddar 's !
Hannah our server was a doll , she was knowledgeable and friendly !
I really do n't understand the negative comments because I ca n't say enough wonderful things about this place .
His commitment to quality ingredients and preparation details are inspiring .
This is a neighborhood place and it 's the standard place for my family 's takeout .
The thing took both hands and turned out to be a curly reddish hair .
No surprises , good or bad .
Wife had the shrimp tempura and it looked great and she said it was good .
I do n't know why this place got lower ratings !
On the way back to the hotel we spied what looked like a pub at which to kill time before another restaurant opened .
Food at the Steak house was delicious , however our waiter was not very attentive and I felt rushed to order .
Walked in this afternoon after trying to drop my bass off next door , but the music store was n't open yet .
Service was on the slower side with only one register but the girl at the register was extremely nice .
I loved the tacos and the fact that they put pineapples in the taco , which really enhanced the flavor of the pastor .
Having lived in Chicago I know what a true beef sandwich is about and Sliced nailed it .
If you feel like grabbing some Thai do nt waste your time with any of the others in town .
Thanks for responding .
The service is awesome , sushi chef if spot on and the food is ' Ono - licious ( Hawaiian for DELICIOUS ) .
There was an employee busy preparing someone else 's order so I stood there waiting .
We are adventurous eaters but to be asked that question was a first for me .
Last night ate at the restaurant with two friends .
After sitting for 15 minutes and NOT being acknowledged , we left and came to this one as .
I was against ordering a burger while I was in New Orleans , because I wanted to try as many local eats as possible ...
All of the staff are friendly .
My friend and I went for a late dinner .
I have only been to 2 Korean restaurants .
Attracts many types of people and really is n't too far from the Tucson city center .
I had a rare beer MY ANTONIA which was $ 18 and worth every penny .
I think the bitters were forgotten and the orange zest was just a small piece of torn off skin .
The atmosphere is really friendly , but I also see a lot of food left on the plate .
I watch the food preparer cough up a lung over the pizza he was making and never covered his mouth .
The chip selection is frankly magnificent .
I was able to sub mexican corn or fresh veggies which was a nice option to have .
I got the rice and the babaghanoush .
I had avocado smashed w / olive oil and salt over toast and their fresh juice .
I 'm guessing it 's Japanese inspired noodle restaurant .
The food is so good and spicy !
My favorite was the tinga de pollo- the chicken was juicy and flavorful with just a bit of spice .
The funny thing is the bar staff was great .
It 's a laid back place to relax with great and friendly service .
Awesome interior & outdoor patio , decent food , but the overall experience was a bit awkward .
( Or have the waiter do it for you ) .
They might have these but they did n't bother to ask if my order was to go or not .
Waitress was rude and food took forever even though it was n't that crowded .
The ice was contaminated .
It seems that there is always a wait , even if you have a reservation .
This feat in itself is no small accomplishment .
then got seated at 1:07 got our food at 1:59 .
Everyone was pleased with their selections , and multiple rounds were ordered .
The drinks are good , but too much of the food was mediocre .
All of it was delicious but the best were crawfish beignet and remy stack .
We really like the relaxed vibe and the open air setting .
The crab sandwich was decent , but flavorless , you could hardly tell that it was crab .
I 'm pretty picky about sushi ( and my boyfriend is even pickier ) and we both loved it .
I then had the shrimp pasta .
It sauce was just right and a very good rendition of buffalo wings .
Overall though a great experience and we will be back !
Service - the soup dumplings came out pretty quickly , but we waited a long long time for the other dishes .
Bakery right there too was awesome and we purchased some things to take home .
We each had a burger , made just the way we wanted !
I would never recommend this place to anyone .
The crust was good , as was the sauce , and ample amounts of cheese made for an above average pizza .
Regular catsup - I could have sworn this was the curry catsup because it definitely tasted like it had curry powder in it .
One slight negative with the experience .
My updated review is based on my first experience there which was a good one .
As a short 2 - 2.5 hour cruise , even as a local , it is worth the money .
The slogans on the boxes and napkins were quite humorous and made me even want to keep one to take home and show my hubby .
My husband spent the whole time not - so - subtly with his shirt over his nose , and my kids kept begging to leave .
We got through two drinks before the food came , which actually was a long time .
To clarify , this roll does n't contain any rice or nori , just fresh fish .
We left without even ordering coffee .
I ordered the Dante Piccante burger and it was spicy , but delicious !
It 's a great deal and you definitely leave feeling like you got your money 's worth .
I was skeptical at first , but the food convinced me that the place is a keeper .
The place was much bigger than I realized !
You do n't eat Capogiro 's for sustenance or to fill up , you eat it simply to enjoy the taste .
It was absolutely divine and the funny name only added to it 's charm .
They service was great !
Dean is a terrific person , great server and had us smiling all night .
This is the best burger place ! !
And THEN we waiting 10 more minutes for the check .
Overall my experience was o - k or decent .
I asked her would she have let her kids eat that ? ? ?
Went here for a birthday dinner , kinda late on a Friday night .
The server seemed monotone .
I was in Tucson this weekend and had read that Fiamme was worth a visit .
It is as if they are not working for tips .
Highly recommend this spot !
The injera is a flatbread that is a really fun and traditional way to eat the food .
The nuggets are kind of dry but the bacon McDouble is on point .
We got a table near the bar and had plenty of room .
Great food , but bad business practice :(
It is such a casual hole in the wall which makes the experience that much better .
I was told the crab cake was amazing and one of the best my friend ever had .
I came during the lavender and honey festival and the lavender mojitos and margaritas were delicious .
I preferred the green lemonade ( lemonade plus kale , sweetened with agave ) , which was both delicious and refreshing !
It was so hard to decide which cake to try .
Thanks to all at the Prep & Pastry for making our family feel very specially treated and welcome .
And to have $ $ for the menu price is deceiving .
Those " regulars " were out side bragging about how they did n't have to wait like everyone else .
You see , I am a neophyte , a tyro , and fledgling when it comes to spirits such as these . "
The roast duck was pretty good but I did n't eat much of it .
My chicken mole looked nice , but the sauce had zero taste .
My parents are from Chicago originally , and often complain about the lack of " Chicago - style " food here in Tampa .
The decor , the food and the service was great !
I love this spot .
Very small quaint place in cute downtown Narberth .
This was the best cheese steak I 've ever had .
I do n't recall if they actually have a small lot or not .
I came here a while ago with a group of three people and I have to say , the food at this location has to be the best .
Potato salad was blah .
I loved the hint of the lemon because it was n't too overwhelming and the maple syrup was really good too !
The Koreancini ( fried rice and corn balls ) were crisp and sweet and salted to perfection .
I 've always heard great things from them as well .
After 15 min , my husband flagged someone down .
I was there for several hours and decided it was time to leave .
To many green peppers in the fijitas compared to the onion and the chicken was dry .
We were the first or second table in that morning .
Overall great spot !
Since it takes reservations , it is advisable to do so !
We had the Cleveland oyster appetizer .
We ran into some people we know in the music biz , and she agreed the guitar player was terrific .
Keep in mind , it seemed like a normal Friday night , but were n't super busy or at - capacity .
The bartender was a bit slow at first but kept us well tended .
This place is very busy .
Cheap prices ...
Perfect crunch on every bite !
We the doors open you can hear the sounds of Jackson Square .
they enjoyed their meals .
On top of that , when people would come in the freezing air would blow our way .
We 'd absolutely go back to this place - there were more items I 'd like to try .
We left stuffed , and with leftovers !
very cute decor and i like the candy station right up front .
My scrambled eggs were perfect , light and fluffy .
However , some of the staff members seemed distracted while they were making it .
It reminded me of the bagel lox sandwiches you get at einsteins .
The Indian pancakes and chicken satay apps were great though .
Anyways , we came here on a Friday night around 7:30pm .
Other than the beignet , the food was fine .
Made to order omelets , fresh fruit , cereal , toast , bacon , sausage , home fries , juice and pastries .
So happy there is an authentic Greek restaurant in our new neighborhood .
The icing was so good and the crystallize the top of it almost like a creme brûlée .
This place is top tier .
Enjoy your experience here ! !
And those were good sized shrimp .
The 4 stars is for the long long wait .
the chicken in hot pot : c55
THE SERVICE was pretty absent ( or should I say absentminded ? ) .
They were not a nice soft noodle , they were gummy and pasty .
We had to ask for bread which finally came quite late after asking a couple of times .
I did n't order broccoli ...
french toast .
So my veggies were steamed plain which worked for me !
My meal was their 12 oz ribeye ( a little thin ) cooked perfect ..
The food is nice and yummy , and so are the drinks !
When you go try the asparagus and shrimp roll , the caterpillar roll and the spicy mussel roll .
The burger is juicy and flavorful .
For all of the items above ( no drinks ) we spent ~$60 plus tip .
Love that they are dog friendly .
And can I just say that I rarely think food is too gross to finish .... well I did n't want to finish .
I from the Caribbean and the food reminded me of my mother 's home cooking .
After checking the sign just to be sure they were open ( till 10 ) , we walked in with 45 min to spare .
I ordered a bowl of gumbo and a sazerac , both of which were good but not transcendent .
I personally was n't as crazy about this dish as I was about some of the others but other people in my group loved it .
It 's the best Italian in town , in my opinion , but my mother would fight me on that one .
The pickle spear that came with it was not your standard " dill spear " .
Everything was super flavorful and the service was excellent .
Aside from it being extremely oily , I really enjoyed the eggplant .
The portobello po ' boy was one of the best I 've ever had .
Reading the other reviews , though , I 'd want to go for brunch .
My wife got the chicken marsala , mushrooms and vegetables .
Call in your order when you 're 10 - 15 minutes away to avoid a long wait .
The tonkatsu chicken and fried tofu bao were both delicious .
It is my new go - to lunch spot now .
They have food , not the cheapest , or local , but its better for you than the greasy , salty , fatty foods .
Just moved to Nashville from Chicago 2 years ago .
Every dish was superb .
I love this place .
I LOVE this place .
I went out on a limb and ordered the Braised Rabbit ...
While I did n't have high expectations , it was really quite good .
It has been such a negative the last few times ...
My favorite local go - to place for yummy grub .
Knowing she was starving , I finally gave her one f my three pancakes so she had something in front of her while she waited .
Overall , service was fast and food reasonable but ambience was a bit creepy .
My girlfriend and I accidentally showed up for our first visit on a Tuesday , the one day they are closed !
I was told to have a seat and they 'd get my food .
S had a tortellini special that he said was excellent .
You ca n't argue with the $ 6.95 lunch buffet price , and the naan is certainly very very good here .....
We met another couple for dinner and they suggested Murph 's based on a previous visit .
Bruno 's will certainly be my first choice for excellent Italian food !
I stood in line with three other people who were all amazed at how " not smart " the person taking out orders was .
It 's a shame , because I want to keep on loving this place .
I 've ordered burrito for my boyfriend 's daughter and the portion was huge but I took a bite and it was just okay .
The sheer amount of gorgeous individuals checking each other out is ridiculous .
This is me and hubby 's go to place and we pretty much always get the same thing- occasionally trying something different .
My wife and I had the pasta and 1 beer each and got out for $ 60.00 somehow .
The place can be a bit on the high side , but I think it 's totally worth it .
I did enjoy the lovely outdoor seating area .
All over good food .
The price was great too .
We got a half slab , a chicken crisper and rib platter , a brisket platter , and a Tennessee triple platter .
I could 've done without the cheese sauce , but as it was on the side I was n't deterred .
Bourbon & Branch is the GO TO spot for anything ... brunch , lunch , dinner , late night .. you name it .
I 'm not really sure how either reference came into play , but it stands true at Ants Pants .
Z got an omelet with a side of fruit and a waffle .
Had the Kentucky Brown , deelish ! !
Louis reviews are coming after the fact , I was there last summer .
I love you , Mint , but your service has been horrible .
A colleague 's chicken sandwich had such thick bread .
The woman said I did n't say I wanted the $ 4.99 then said she gave me double meat .
The way they make their chicken salad is absolutely delicious .
It had a slice of pie blended into it .
Odd shape the is jammed with tables and chairs .
I use Trim Rite for my beef and Haines Pork shop in Mickelton for pork you ca n't go wrong .
This franchise is run by Francis , a super sweet lady who takes pride in keeping a very clean restaurant .
because the neighborhood is kind of deserted , so not much to explore while waiting ) .
An incredibly juicy medium cheeseburger , , , really good .
However , our waiter was very unpolished and in too much of a hurry to answer a few questions about the evening 's offerings .
Wait time and price were about what you 'd expect : reasonable .
Unfortunately , I chose the slaw , being Southern and all .
it was the right texture , but was entirely to salty .
Because it 's not clear from this Yelp page , I just wanted to point out that the Centennial Cafe is permanently closed .
Great little find !
I can only speak for the donuts and those did not impress me .
Would have been a 1 star if I knew for sure this is where I got food poisoning .
- Amazing people watching in the late evening .
Finally came over to apologize for the delay .
I have actually always been a fan of their fries , their house made sauces and their onion rings .
My only major complaint is the acoustics .
Fish & Chips , fish was cooked well but three really small pieces .
The restaurant is small and the tables were crammed in .
I can still attest to the Pho and Teppanyaki being the best stations of the buffet .
His passion and knowledge of wine are clearly evident .
Abysmal customer service .
I 've been here several times .
$ .75 raw oysters & $ 1.25 fried .
I ordered a salad , and maybe I should have gone with the stir fry .
The place always smells fabulous ( obviously ) .
This was our second visit to this restaurant and this time we brought friends .
Yall are doing some great work .
The signature burger here , the Luke burger , is quite simply amazing .
I must say as much as we liked the foods offered on the preset menu , we enjoy the open menu much better .
The meat just falls right off the bone .
But the complimentary Limoncello shot at the end was a nice touch .
This place , HANDS DOWN , is the best sushi restaurant in the Tampa area .
Their bbq ribs were moist and flavorful , mac n cheese was creamy , and their tacos were simple but delicious .
I like Tsevis because they have good gyros , which is really the only thing it get there .
The soup filled dumplings are a special treat .
My problem was with the service , the staff seemed clueless and disengaged .
I waited about 30 mins , which in the grand scene of things was n't that bad .
This most recent visit I had the Migas and it was fantastic .
And the slaw that comes with - YUM !
Very friendly crew .
Tria was a fun place for a bottle of wine and some cheese .
Hopefully Katie 's will address the sound in the interior or we 'll only come back in patio season .
Best donuts in Philly and the Delaware Valley .
Neither of us are stout fans but it will still good and we both loved the IPA .
I get it 's a Nashville institution , but our city has better to offer these days .
Great find .
It would be best to come here during daylight hours so you can tour the site and see everything they have .
Tried to check in at 3:45pm and no rooms were ready ( checkout is 11 am though so that is 5 hours to clean rooms ) .
I understand the restaurant may have thought it was a nice touch to have them go table to table but lose the jar .
They had their business ruined by the " great Nashville flood " and had to move .
I had beef n lobster which both were cooked well and I was happy .
Stopped here on my way to the airport , and it did n't disappoint .
Does n't anyone work in this city ?
The service is great and when I say it 's low - key , I mean it as there have never been more than a handful of guests at a time .
The portions were large .
The venue is beautiful , the staff is so dedicated and happy , and the service was wonderful .
No need to elaborate .
It is n't the best sushi I 've ever had but the service was quick and courteous and it definitely is at least an 8 out of 10 .
+ You will smell like the food you ate for the next day or two but it 's worth it !
Definitely a fun place to be at no matter what you 're feeling .
However , I visited this location tonight to pick up my order and was left waiting at the pick up window for over six minutes .
The portions were good sizes and they had fun cocktails ( make your own bloody marys ) .
So refreshing in that light dressing .
As I looked around , I noticed that they do have daily specials that are pretty reasonable .
We found the service decent but there was n't a crowd so good service was relatively easy .
You got ta know about the good spots , ya dig ?
For the first course I got the Foie Gras soup .
The ramen is okay , nothing spectacular .
I tried Tazikis for the fist time yesterday , and I was disappointed .
I also enjoyed the sablefish , even though I know it came from faraway .
Upon entering Siam Elephant for the first time , I really wanted the food to be good !
I ca n't say it enough how well this place is set up and the atmosphere in the restaurant is elegant and quaint .
Will return for dinner ! ! !
My daughter ordered squid and loved it .
I requested a refund but was denied , of course .
My daughter wanted to know why the menu said the sandwiches come with " egg mayo " .
We started the meal with some customized Guacamole ( $ 9 ) .
I ordered a Monte cristo , French toast honey roasted ham , mascarpone and pineapple I could n't wait to dig in .
I 'm not a vegetarian .
It definitely lifts my mood .
For my main course I kept it simple with a nice burger , some of the other entrees looked interesting too .
We finished up with decaf coffee and a slice of tiramisu .
The only downside is that on the weekends and holidays the wait can be atrocious .
We had a few mistakes in our orders over the years and the owner is very apologetic and fixes the problem right away .
Needless to say , the thin tortillas presented a challenge .
Food 's fresh , delish and really home cooked .
~ The deep dish pizzas have excellent flavor .
Eventually we moved to the bar when two seats opened up there .
When we got the check , she gave us the same checks and then we asked to fix it charged the wrong card the wrong amount .
They were in such a hurry they were literally taking plates before folks were through !
I ca n't say enough bad things about it .
One ate about a quarter of it and the other a little less than half .
My friends found the potatoes a bit salty but I did n't notice .
I 've been to Mirna 's about four times over the past few years and never been disappointed .
The steak came with salad .
I can tell the bagels are made fresh , which is a plus .
Got a great night sleep .
And do n't forget to try the pureed papas ... delicious !
The waitress was lovely and I loved the architecture .
We were given a drinks menu ( unlike a previous reviewer ) .
Now , potatoes being my favorite food , I was n't overly thrilled with them .
The place was full of people eating and watching college football .
I would say it was a nice establishment , very clean so that 's always good in my book .
The chicken was dry and carne asada was salty so it was n't full of flavor .
The restaurant itself is a little short on space and ambiance .
All of their food is delicious and interesting .
Very much a local place-- intimidating if you 've never been before , but do n't let that sway you !
There were n't many items for vegetarians , but it 's a steak and seafood joint so we did n't expect there to be .
Day one I asked to speak to the chef , a lovely lady FULL of passion about her food and family recipes .
The food was great , the service was fast , and the employees were super nice ! !
Sides : HUGE ' side salad ' , smashed potatoes and ' loaded potato ' were great .
I ordered the special , linguine in a light vodka cream sauce with salmon and capers , my date ordered the canneloni .
Both initiated the greet as they would be taking care of us .
Started w a house salad - disappointed by the canned olives ( why would any nice restaurant use canned anything ? ! ) .
The food is cheap , tasty , and plentiful .
We loved the onion volcano but there was less laughing with this show than most .
The prices were great .
My favorite part is the outdoor bar / sitting area .
I probably wo n't order the fried eggplant again since I did n't love it , but my SO loved it a lot .
I guess it 's a self service kinda place .
As for pricing , it 's a place in downtown , so do n't expect reasonable pricing we 're used to .
I 'd say our pizzas were equivalent to a $ 5 hot - n - ready from Little Caesar 's , but we paid ~$15 each .
My biggest gripe is I do not like their tomatoes .
Blue Moon Café in Baltimore ( 1621 Aliceanna St , Baltimore , MD 21231 ): The Cap'N Crunch French Toast tops my list .
Try this place and you wo n't regret it .
Noticed a lot of tables had not been wiped down .
Whether for pizza or pasta , it 's all good .
Lucky for us , our friend knew about this place that could satisfy us both simultaneously .
There was no soy sauce in my order .
Is it because cheese is expensive in Canada ?
This is one of my favorite coffee shops to get work done at .
Hummus plate very disappointing .
She suggested their featured iteams and made us aware that they will be changing shortly .
Had I known I was going to a place like that , I probably would 've just gone to Twin Peaks or Hooters or something .
I had been to the former restaurant , Chaucer 's , once before , and the transformation was drastic .
I 'm more of a natural person .
Crabcake was huge , all meat , and tasted house made .
Do n't get me wrong , it 's definitely not a fancy date location .
I ca n't say how it is late night - although it is packed every time I walk past it !
They are gourmet hot dogs five to choose from : Dave 's Style , Western Style , SB Style , BBQ Bacon and Pizza Dog .
My rating is based on the food .
Even the grilled asparagus was exceptional !
Wilted lettuce for the salad ?
After reading a lot of positive reviews , we were really excited to try this place .
But the shrimp was fresh and perfect !
Overall , I would call the experience of the Pho just about perfect .
Best Steakhouse on the beach and one of only 2 worth eating in all of Pinellas .
The table is by itself in a cold dungeony room .
The place was busy but we got a table at the bar .
All the salads and soups I 've had there are great as well .
Drove up the coast for the day .
( dreaded shellfish allergy ! ! ) .
plus there were rolling blackouts ( it was july , y' all ) and they loaded us up with lightsticks on our way back in every night .
My parents went here before I was born and i ve been going here for years .
I 'm trying to think of something I do n't like about this place ....
However , it just seriously does not come even close to Cafe du Monde .
The apple was good to but the berry was amazing .
She even brought my mum
I got the hash with yukon potatoes , chicken , egg whites , veggies , and hollandaise sauce , in addition to an iced coffee .
I had the general tso 's chicken , medium spice level ; fried rice ; and spring roll .
The security office also denied having found a phone .
I never complain , but had to warn others ...
I would nt call it the best in town just yet , but i did drive out of the way to come here just to have it .
I was hungry before work and found this little gem hidden in a strip mall behind Lakeside mall .
Our server was great as well .
Made an online reservation and was seated promptly .
After having been here , I would say that the food had great flavors for the taste buds and it was a unique experience .
My husband likes this place so I mainly go for him .
Everything is lovingly handmade by the owner himself , the friendliest guy in the neighborhood !
Did n't need any syrup ( which is great , since I do n't really like an overly sweet breakfast ) .
Sorry that I 'll miss the performance , as I wo n't be going back ..
The restaurant is a cute cafe with a very nice owner who cooks everything himself and makes the sauces fresh .
The chicken was very dry and could n't even be cut with the plaatic knife !
I do n't eat fries often , so I consider them a treat !
This place is hilarious !
Sashimi was ok but their sauce already burned my tongue could n't taste anything .
and ate a spoonful of the side salad ..
Sure enough on a bite my head was nearly burned off to the neck from some burning hot green pepper in the mix ...
I had pumpkin pancakes .
So glad they opened this location .
I ca n't wait to come back and try the chicken and mashed potatoes .
At first I was not pleased with my dining selection .
She made our experience at The Pancake Pantry top notch .
Mentioned it was our first time and open to suggestions .
The redemption was I tried the regular fries and they were also amazing .
I love the lunch special it 's definitely satisfying , i m a big fan .
Go for a cocktail , watch the beautiful sunset , and then go to a restaurant that will feed you and offer you a glass of wine .
My husband ordered meatloaf and said it tasted incredible .
As a result , things have gone quite slow .
The wait staff was amazing , especially Bobby , who was very friendly , knowledgeable and personable , and not even our waiter .
Back from Reno and could n't wait to review this place .
Both sauces were tasty and the pretzel was great .
Chef Garces has a hit ... keep up the good work !
This is just some seriously authentic Mexican food .
This was our fourth visit , and it keeps getting worse .
Steve 's cafe down the street boast of game meat but ca n't properly execute basic bacon and eggs .
As a half Italian former New Yorker I grew up on Italian food .
Veggies seem very fresh and clean .
Finger steaks were mushy and drab .
Everyone is very nice from the door to the table .
Loved the environment here .
Walked in for a pep and sausage pizza and I wo n't be back .
Loved the conch , gazpacho , and roasted chicken .
If you see that long , thin black " blood vein " in your shrimp , diner be ware .
I was excited to try this place .
every time i m there i ask for a military discount and they say no :(
A revision of marketing plan and product review would be appropriate on the proprietor 's behalf .
As I look around , people are really enjoying themselves .
Had the sweet potato fries which were great , I had a Trident burger and onion rings .
The tank is amazing .
The staff could not have cared less , pretty much insinuating I brought the hook with me to put in their food .
The halva and pistachio - the final movement .
I 've never been disappointed with a visit to Kelly 's .
The salad was in a large bowl with tongs so we could all share it .
The vibe of this establishment was great too .
When I asked for the drink list , the server said , " We do n't have a drink list , but I can get you a wine menu . "
After reading some other reviews I see they changed their pricing a bit .
I left embarrassed because I happen to be alone this time .
Drove out here from University City based on a recommendation from a friend .
We drove here because a few people suggested it .
Really enjoyable atmosphere .
almost feels like opening day .
The feed is flavorful and fresh !
I think the drinks came perfectly balanced , which is very nice .
My dad does n't like tofu so he gets the barbecue beef which he claims to be delicious !
I really like the decor here .
This place is on the pricier side , but the ambiance on a Saturday night is a mixed crowd ; noisy and full of energy .
We also tried the NY Strip Steak Diane , which was an excellent value for what you receive .
Walked in for lunch and was greeted promptly by a women who took my order and was friendly and expeditious .
-Alcachofas Fritas- fried artichokes- delicious !
Sweet potato fries were great .
Rude and unfriendly staff .
They have an extensive menu , especially considering it was lunchtime .
The injera was served in rolled up bundles , easy to grab and use to eat with .
My 3 - star rating is really not based on anything ...
I find that the taste here is very flavorful , and sharp .
It 's a great place for large groups , as well as , intimate moments .
Do not let location deter you ! !
The breading was too thick and a little bland .
Update : I had to drop Wise Guys to three stars ( from four ) after having their pizza .
The only bad thing are the margaritas .
i go here 3 - 4 times a week as it is around the corner from work but no more .
Wonderful man running it but they only had 2 dishes and they were n't good and very expensive for a plate of mostly rice .
While the ambience would 've give .
My friend enjoyed her jambalaya .
if that 's how much the assistant manager cares about customers and great service how is the rest of the place suppose to care ?
One of my favorite places to get Chinese food .
Nice scene
And while Its an obsession I can not afford to indulge - their bread is what dreams are made of .
I did have to remind my waiter a second time to bring me a lemonade , but it was pretty busy .
Mashed taters and 2 buttermilk drop biscuits made this a scrumptious dinner ! ! ! !
I LOVE their roti canai .
My husband got pretty bad food poisoning here .
The guys got the Hungry Greek and an omelet and we were all happy .
We did end up leaving the restaurant after 25 min wait for no service or an apology .
The only critique I have is the parking which was not well lit and I did not see a handicap spot unless it was occupied .
Look at the other reviews , you lazy jerk .
My husband and I live nearby and this is our " go to " restaurant .
Well , I ca n't lie , they were definitely good -- I got the Bacon & Eggs ( 3 pancakes , bacon , and 3 eggs ) which were great .
While housesitting for my mom , I recently revisited one of the top pizza places of my childhood .
By the time our food came , the order was wrong - my dad had fruit , but no home fries as he requested .
The man who runs the shop is sweet and makes sure you have a good dine in experience .
The employees have no direction and take there sweet time to even get the food out to you .
I 'll stick to your other locations .
My sandwich was so fresh and bright that I initially thought I could eat the whole thing .
He has gone out of his way a few times to make sure my visits have been great .
No manager came by .
Came here with my family and they accommodated a large group of us last minute .
Recently we purchased a winter home in Seminole .
So I was about to get the manger and she decided to move us .
Went here after being told by the owner that they had a taco sale .
I 'm pregnant now & have literally had dreams about these things .
I said well should I hang up and have front desk place my order ?
And very important to me : GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE !
Pizza was ok , taste wise , which is the only positive thing I can say about this place .
Adorable outdoor seating ...
I had an Arnold Palmer to drink , since I was n't feeling coffee on this particular day , and that was great and refreshing .
I ended up getting the fish taco and the Memphis pork taco .
Went about 30 minutes before their closing time , & it was fairly empty .
I got a bacon and egg sandwich and it was awesome .
Sauce tasted like flour and water .
Now , I know ' vegan ' sounds complicated , but it 's not .
I love Chick - Fil - A so much and was so excited to get one down the street from me !
I was thinking about veal since I knew that Italians really do make it best .
The chef cooked the eggs perfectly , but there was nothing to scoop up the runny egg with since there was no bread .
The food is really good too .
A coworker recommended this place .
The food was really good and the server was really nice .
The hotpot was pretty so - so to average , so I focused mostly on the kbbq .
I would rarely just drop by a restaurant that I see on an Interstate billboard .
Side of sour cream 2.00 , pico de gallo 2.50 , salsa 2.00 , chips 2.50 , cheese 1.00 and the bottled coke that we did n't want 5.00 .
The artichoke dip came out .
It was enough to not go back unless the manager agreed to let me take own order and personally give it took the cooks .
The IPA was very disappointing , it had minimal taste , seemed flat & just not good .
We showed up and we were told it would be a while , a group was seated at our table .
it was not quite juicy since it was not served warm but it tasted good enough for a lukewarm burger , I guess .
The fried pork skin appetizer was a bit too salty .
No worries about temperature as they were both cooked perfectly .
They do n't use any mix .
We brought a couple bottles of wine and after tip had a great authentic dinner for under 10 bucks each .
The ambiance is romantic and upscale and it 's not all that expensive for fresh seafood .
My wife had the Cioppino Exquisite which she liked .
It bears mentioning that he does so because everything is made fresh each morning so there are no carryovers .
Very upset I spent $ 25 on this meal !
I stuck to my go to meal which is Crispy cashew chicken , which was a decent size but super expensive .
They have outdoor seating if you do n't want to be part of the bar scene which is loud and noisy with lots of TVs going .
Kind of grimy and dirty ...
This is my ultimate favorite pizza place ever !
Luckily , I found the silver lining on the menu : steamed rice .
Nice pie , too :)
I do n't know if the gravy was spoiled or what the problem was .
This place was good food , overpriced for the type of service you get and it was hot inside the restaurant
It 's in downtown so you have to find parking along the street .
ribeye which I ordered medium - rare with eggs over - easy .
The pizza ( I got the Crudo ) was good and rotolo was really good but my pizza was a bit too oily and was barely warm .
On a better note , the service was amazing .
What a wonderful surprise !
It was a great way to start the weekend and everyone was nothing but complimentary about the service and food .
Enjoyed their pepperoni cheesesteak and Italian hoagies when I used to live nearby .
We had no left - over .
If you 're going to eat there with someone you want to speak to , definitely eat in the bar area or outside .
Remmies is fabulous most of the time ...
Everyone in my 8 - person group said they would definitely return .
I had an espresso which was a little sharper than I prefer , but sometimes that 's part of the fun with drinking espresso .
There are some many shops to peruse and such a great outdoor cafe scene !
Each time i go I try something different and it never fails that it is good .....
I really enjoyed this hip pizza shop .
The food arrived quickly , and I made my first observation .
I work in a restaurant , i know that it is n't as easy as people think .
Food and atmosphere were great !
In addition once we got the food , it was n't as we ordered and we had a couple of upset and hungry kids .
A fellow diner who ordered Mofongo claimed she wanted to sleep in it and eat as needed .
Nope a regular Mcdonalds size burger .
All in all , a great place in Edwardsville .
Our food was thrown on the table as our waitress did a drive by and that was the last we saw of her until our bill showed up .
Sent it back and mashed potatoes and gravy were substituted in .
I was here with a group of 7 and we sampled the salads and pizza for the most part .
Owner made excuses .
I feel this place deserves it .
Came here with my boyfriend when we were in Philadelphia for a business trip .
We placed our order for the carrot cake with a nice young teenager , and then waited .
Like the loud energy and crowd here .
Light music playing in the background outside with fans so your not too hot !
A couple of Saturdays ago , we went to Farmers for breakfast .
Way to make us feel guilty lol .
We have been trying to find a great local spot for Breakfast and we finally found it .
I had the dinner buffet and the food was mediocre at best .
However , he also did not check on us as much as we observed that he checked on other patrons .
Seating area is a bit small and dated ... but you 're going for the food .
Breanna is an incredible coordinator -- so lovely and warm to work with .
Also the shake was delicious and I loved the decor .
Bummer , because I 'd heard great things and really wanted to check it out .
The wicked Bloody Mary and blood orange mimosa are my favorites .
The bleu cheese was almost non - existent .
Atmosphere was nice and clean .
To switch things up , I ordered the Dragon Bowl which had pitaya , mangoes , kiwis , and bananas .
Very bland and I think the tomatoes were old .
And they serve breakfast all day ! !
All of the food is really good !
It was almost like he had heard it too many times before .
On an ending note , with the place being so super cramped it can get a wee bit loud .
First and foremost , this place is worth the wait .
So surprised no one has written of this place .
Stopped here while traveling from Tennessee to Michigan , and our food was ready in very little time .
After driving 1.5 hour and taking 30 minutes to find a $ 15 parking space , I finally arrived .
The food was great and the drinks were reasonably priced .
Not a dropkick - so do n't be skurrd .
The food is meh .
We 've eaten here 3 times and it seems that each time it gets even better !
Carne asada taco's- not so good - too fatty and just not that great tasting .
I think he was expecting more of a French Dip , and this was more of a cold cut sandwich .
The service was great , the food was delicious , and the WINE menu was very reasonable .
20x better than any of the 3 restaurants we tried in the French quarter .
We decided to go there for dinner before a show at the Arden , and I think it will become our new pre - show dinner spot !
I was about to hop on my phone while waiting to check something , and the hoagie magically appeared on the counter .
When walking in the tables were messy , and the line was very long .
Nothing fancy but absolutely delicious meals .
Unlike before , our group of 6 had to sit at separate tables .
Do n't forget to grab a cocktail too - their Bloody Mary 's will save your life .
The back was low , giving good back support and they had armrest for extra comfort .
For me , the draw of this place is the laid - back atmosphere .
I probably wo n't be back- for those prices I 'd rather go to a local place and get fresher ingredients .
The quality was n't as good as the one we visited in Orlando .
I came in at around 11 am on a Saturday and the place was already starting to fill up .
the ahi was slightly overcooked and dry , but i did like the oak - grilled flavor .
The chargrilled oysters were fine .
This is THE ice cream place to go to if you are in Nashville -- forget the others !
Certainly a stop I 'll make any time I 'm in the area , and highly recommend you do the same !
This is one of the oldest Italian restaurant 's in the entire country .
Plus a heap of cheddar and one - half boiled egg .
They stated they do n't accept Yelp / EatStreet orders online anymore .
One of the attendants was a vegetarian and said her vegetarian sandwich was the best she 's ever had from a deli .
The server comes back a couple minutes later : " It does come with normal eggs !
Such a great place for Sunday brunch .
John and I ordered 2 salads and the BiBimbap skillet to share .
This is on YOU management not that poor girl .
It was water spinach , mango shrimp , and the seafood with vermicelli noodles and curry .
Still working my way through everything they have to offer but its all soooo good .
The food at this truck is amazing .
I had the fajita wrap for lunch .
The location is a bit questionable but the food and inside are amazing .
We love the entire staff .
This was the best food we had our entire time on Treasure Island .
That was n't enough to keep me away because I came back and had the mofongo and I did n't like it much .
Glad we had reservations ( for 5 ) as they were packed tight , have learned this is to be expected in a new Tampa restaurant .
They are a small shop in the food mall .
Husband had the Locomotive Dry Stout and was happy .
The food was amazing , and the service was great .
Very clean and the menu was huge .
Three of us decided to split a queso fundito .
I do n't go here for the Mexican ; I go for the cheese , which is the best selection in the area .
My colleague and I ordered our dessert and 20 mins later it had still not arrived .
My son loved his fried chicken gravy biscuit and the hash browns were really good .
Then it was a great place for brunch and ice cream .
I waited another 40 minutes and called back , this time the man on the phone claimed to have knocked on the door and called .
I ended up seeing a friend here who also had the coupon .
The place is always open and , did I mention stellar service ? ! !
second time on the other hand was horrible .
And were really good dipped in ranch .
Do n't drink the tea .
Sirloin , pepperjack , sprouts , and canadian bacon ....
We try the pork rice and it was great , also the strawberry personal pie was amazing , it was fresh and delicious !
The employees are very nice and helpful .
The bread was good and I had garlic butter .
I honestly would of preferred a double cheeseburger from Wendy 's .
Service was friendly but slow tonight with our dishes coming as much as 60 minutes apart - YIKES !
This was called " The Don " and came with potatoes but they swapped the taters for bacon at no additional cost .
I liked their kimchi as well , which they did manage to keep at a cooler temperature than the bibimbap .
It gets busy if you do n't go early but it is worth the wait .
I would n't say that the service sucked but it could have been way better .
Lisa , Erika and and Sean were phenomenal bartenders and really made our Saturday night the best .
I always take people who stay with me for Mardi Gras here for breakfast before we hit the parades .
It 's awesome for takeout on a weekday , and it 's nice to have a Thai place in North County .
This is a quiet , quaint little place with the sweetest wait staff .
Excellent food and service located in a cute town ..
You choose the ingredients .
the first time i ever ate there , ( around when it first opened ) , i ordered ravioli and received 3 or 5 pieces for $ 11 - 13 .
Sorry Strange , your toppings are decent , but the donuts themselves are weirdly dry and thick .
They were n't understaffed , they were n't busy , and that is why i am appalled at the lack of customer service and execution !
Really happy although the wait was longer than they said .
I had made reservations the day before and was promised a room .
Upon scheduling to visit not long after , I noticed they earned an F rating .
Checked this place out with our host in New Orleans , and boy was it a treat ...
The building also looks like it 's closed down .
not letting anyone steal using my account So why then did they still charge me the $ 31 even though I never received the food .
The lobster tank was the perfect metaphor for today 's experience , vacant cold and empty .
As I approached the counter , the man behind it asked if there was a machine gun in my case .
Quesadilla had no flavor .
Great drink menu and we shared a bunch of appetizers and entrees - all tasted amazing !
Not a bad idea it seemed , but the price was 28.99 and 15.95 for children .
I love potatoes .
Good location for us .
We ordered grill veggie sandwich and a chicken salad number , a raspberry soda and a coke .
This past week , my office decided to have a breakfast meeting at this particular Bob Evans because it was close to our office .
I love the food , love the owner the lady who waits on you is so lovely and so warm .
BUT the biscuit that accompanied was delicious !
I started with a double order of N'Duja Deviled Eggs ( they come as half eggs ) and went with the Pastrami ( Reuben ) .
Needless to say , I ignored the signs and ate here .
The food is absolutely amazing and the crowd is super friendly .
Since this new location opened , we 've dined as a family dozens of times with great results .
My date and I arrived at 9:42 and asked to be seated .
The coffee was a wonderful chaser , not overly burnt , smoky , or acidic ...
They brought a basket of chips and some tomato sauce which I asked politely for something spicier and some pico de gallo .
Normally , this is a mess , but at Mr B 's , they all communicated with each other .
Great service , great food and great ambiance .
The mashed potatoes were creamy and it almost felt like a dish out of the House of Prime Rib .
Honestly , I have n't been to Outback in a long time .
I got a brisket sandwich that I could n't finish .
This has actually been my second trip .
The cashier refused to accept her groupon because her tablet was not connected to the internet .
It 's a local , family owned business that has been a communication hub for locals to hang around and " shoot the breeze . "
The rice was good , and , contrary to the other reviewers , I thought that the beef tasted better than the lamb .
I am really amazed with the atmosphere and delicious Moroccan food .
Came here for lunch on a Sunday , so it was pretty empty at the time .
I had the healthy veggie egg with veggies and fruit as the side .
Do nt waste your time or money .
I was a bit disappointed when I did n't find as much on the menu as I would have liked to have seen that would appeal to me .
There was so much great chocolate flavor and for the most part , the cake was super moist .
I was definitely not disappointed with this find .
I highly recommend trying this place out !
We tried the blueberry and Greek salad too !
I also tried a rib which was sooooo good too .
The bugolgi is very well marinated with great taste .
This is customer service at it 's worst ...
My husband ordered eggs , bacon , and wheat toast .
I ca n't say that about too many other places these days .
Went there today for dinner with family .
The Mac n cheese is off the hook ! !
The mussels appetizer was fabulous !
Everything was flavorful and the staff was welcoming and friendly .
I 've ate at this Fazoli 's a few time now and the food and service has been good .
And he helped a lot .
The steaks seem to have no flavor , it was n't horrible , but it was n't the best .
We went early on a Saturday night and it was already busy .
Hosts are thee first and last person you see when at a restaurant .
Really cheap , and this is the biggest advantage of this restaurant .
The regular fries are delicious ...
The eggs taste pretty synthetic
I went in here with my expired coupon and they would n't even let me use the value of the Groupon per the Groupon regulations .
The BBQ Chicken Salad is another one of my favorite things to order .
Both were wonderful and were complimented perfectly by the salty deliciousness of bacon on the side .
I 'm giving three starts because the manager was attentive and was doing his job very nice nicely .
I love the 12th South location because of the fun neighborhood that the restaurant is in .
Finally , the service and systems are a total cluster .
I gave them a call about the roll and mentioned the warm salmon .
They have fancy donuts that are fabulous ! ! !
The atmosphere can get pretty wild during any Arizona Wildcat game as the owners are big fans .
Very nice atmosphere .
THAT WAS A GOOD THING .
Nothing wrong with the tables there , but to anyone who knows me then you know what a chatty Cathy I can be .
All the employees I 've interacted with have been considerate and kind , especially when I ask for more toppings .
The power went out during dinner , and they did n't miss a beat .
with a nice courtyard off the sidewalk and tucked away from the commotion .
And they only do it once a year .
It 's is worth a try especially if your palette ca n't decide between Mexican and BBQ .
Tried the arancini and three different pizzas which were all amazing .
The main dining room was about half full and that was all they could accommodate because they did n't have the staff .
Cheap delicious and nice change up to po - boys ( although nothing is wrong with them )
I do n't know how peruvian it is besides the smoking on a rotisserie
I hate the fact that it 's the only place where I can get coffee on my way to work .
The menu has a variety of calzone options and what I ordered was pretty delicious !
First off , the cashier , Michelle , had a SERIOUS attitude problem .
The pork was a bit bland , but the shoestring fries are delicious .
Had the lunch special kadai paneer which was extremely filling and had the right amount of heat .
Super tender ! ! ! !
Within a few seconds , it came on strong .
The entree was $ 18 , I think .
It was more like frozen mixed vegetable rice pilaf , seriously .
Wahoo 's is a great fast - foody type place .
The service is superb , and So hail and his wife are always kind and very eloquent .
When I asked how they prepared it he said they mixed " the syrup " with their prepared iced coffee .
The atmosphere is sleek , with several high - top tables throughout , as well as a 2nd floor that is slightly more formal .
It did not disappoint the burger was very flavorful .
I tried their Chicago Italian beef sandwich , and there was n't a lot of meat , and the flavors were forgettable .
The next thing is the place for renting jet ski . Idk who was that but blonde guy does n't have a clue how to deal with people .
Today was our first visit .
What a great local spot !
We frequent many restaurants in Philly , NYC and anywhere we travel .
The staff is also very friendly !
The food itself was over cooked and under seasoned .
The bar menu is an incredible deal and the parmesan french fries are to die for !
I know they 're trying to push an upscale market feel , but then Thai food in general is rarely perceived as ritzy upscale .
They are the perfect combo of sharp , salty , and sweet .
The duck was n't very flavorful , and the chow mein were overcooked and mushy .
The lobster roll is delicious .
This slight discrepancy however does not denote my star rating .
The space is amazing and huge .
My son ordered the chicken strips and we all got French fries as our side .
It 's also perfect on a snowy day .
Out favorite sushi in town !
We finished off with chocolate orange ice cream and creme brûlée for dessert .
I did n't want to waste any oysters so I suffered though the first dozen .
Loved the fried chicken and beans .
Place looks nice but really is n't .
Nice place .
I enjoyed my bibimbop but the beef was a little on the tough side .
Luckily there was a house staff member who also tried our keys as well but eventually used his key to gain entry .
This is an amazing place for lunch .
I absolutely adore the marinated tofu burrito .
Fried Chicken was the best thing .
Tuesdays special is 2 entrees & a shared appetizer for $ 22 .
At least one party who sat after us was served before us .
And let me tell you it will probably be the last time I visit this location .
After the appetizer , it took 35 minutes for our entrees to reach the table .
I was excited about all the fresh seafood , unfortunately the stone crab claws were on display , but not available .
Somehow , I pictured there would actually be chopped ham in the eggs , but no ...
Service is awesome and timely .
Chris had the hop wallop and i did as i always do a mimosa .
I have n't felt that satisfied since my " first time " ! ! !
However , you can only get one beer at a time , even if it 's a 4 oz .
These were even mushier than canned ones , and they unaccountably tasted just like burning plastic smells .
We were waiting for the line to die down at two other places but came across Creole House on the way to French quarter .
As some other reviewers have noted , it was slightly dried out and the edges were crusty !
Perfect dinner spot ! ! !
Although there were five empty and prepared tables , we were not seated for about ten minutes .
I got their captain crunch fish burrito , which was amazing .
Poor impression .
It looked like it was squeezed out of a tube and it does n't taste creamy , just heavy .
We did go on both Saturday and Sunday mornings , so you can read that either way .
And the entree we had ..
We ordered two lattes , and the barista steamed the milk in a big pitcher then poured out both of them at once .
I have to say , this is my favorite steakhouse in Delaware .
The roll was excellent - not just an average cheap hamburger roll .
I do n't mean a teaspoon or two of truffle oil , I mean a large quantity of oil .
After sampling many pho places in Philadelphia , this is my second most favorite so far .
The Fried Ravioli was cooked precisely , evenly coated with batter all around .
The guys at Village Whiskey did an amazing job constructing the burger , all the toppings goes inexplicably well together .
Sad but fellow citizens in this area have no idea what good Chinese food is .
This mousse was thick yet velvety , super smooth and REALLY rich !
My friend and I split the spinach dip as an app .
Waitress had the worst attitude and personality ..
even if you do n't got ta , go to the bathroom , you 'll get a kick outta them !
Spinach and artichoke dip was good as well .
I 'm gon na say this is the closest to being Korean chicken wings in stlouis .
Unfortunately , I paid over $ 100.oo for a NYE night out at this club .
I had a rather unique breakfast sandwich called a Viet hoagie .
I find it hard to believe this store ca n't obtain better employees who are n't angry that they have to come to work at Wawa .
Then the pizza came .
They put pickle on a gyro , I mean , what is that about ?
My guess is there was 1 - cook .
Had dinner at cortina .
It 's a cool looking interior , very open planned & great use of space .
The hibachi chef was one of the least skilled that I have ever seen .
We devoured two baskets and ordered some for take - out .
The interior of the restaurant is well laid out and tastefully done .
Tasted like duck jerky and I 'm not a big fan on the blood orange vinaigrette .
My only complaint is they should really rename the Mac 's macs to Mac 's Famous Mac and Cheese .
Overall our sandwiches were good ; so if you are ready to wait , you 'll be fine .
They did n't have shredded lettuce for tacos .
Loved the traditional w/ half pepperoni//half artichoke .
When we left the only people eating in the restaurant was the family that owns the restaurant .
Best sandwiches in St. Louis !
I ca n't wait for the next opportunity to venture back for another meal here .
Also no judgement for eating all the brownie sundae alone :) lol
If you 're starving , eat air .
The texture is just not quite the same - it 's more doughy and sticky .
Took forever to deliver and I am just blocks away .
Whatever you have you ca n't go wrong with this place !
I ordered a side of beans , chips and salsa , and guacamole .
We absolutely love it and could eat it multiple times a week without batting an eye .
Food and music were both fabulous .
The food was wonderful , and the wine list extensive .
All the sandwiches were great !
Rip : I drive by it almost every morning - if you want to avoid the line go either RIGHT when they open to around 7:15
You can take a family here and it wo n't break the bank ..
I 'm sad , they were a good choice after Bikram Yoga for me .
So this salad ended up being like $ 12 without any meat .
So many enormous crispy breaded chicken pieces were served and she said they were absolutely delicious .
Since I loved the Crispy Duck so much I 've decided to have my birthday dinner there .
I 've had two experiences with limoncello that we 're both horrible service and have made me not want to come back ... ever .
The chicken was very tender , fell right off the bone .
Its ALMOST as dumb as the concept of a kobe burger .
Loved the iced mocha more than the quiche I ordered .
and ordered a pizza for takeout .
Had a business dinner here and was not disappointed .
Anytime that I 've experienced a restaurant malfunction of this magnitude , I 've been offered some measure of hospitality .
Overall , I gave it a shot and it was n't worth the wait and effort parking so I do n't see us going back .
Best is almost last , I had the milk chocolate cheesecake with a coffee , omg it was soooo yummy .
My order took over 2 hours to arrive .
Very good blackened Mahi Tacos and my favorite beer , Yeungling too !
The pasta was light , the ravioli was stuffed with lobster meat and the sauce was great .
It 's really delicious , but it can also be a tad bit greasy , but you know , sometimes grease is good !
It came in a plastic cup , which was the first strike when obviously dining in .
My wife had the Drum Crab Stacker which was really quite good .
We had Bob as head waiter , he provided excellent service .
I know there was nothing healthy in here to eat , but that by far had to be the biggest killer .
It came in a skillet , hot out of the oven , full of a deliciousness I can not fully describe !
I went with a steak , not really sure why , but maybe because I was so hungry , I just wanted to be full .
Not your standard jumbo , but real JUMBO .
Do n't let that deter you , Don Day is a great spot for some authentic Korean eats .
Not good under pressure maybe ? ? ?
Those fries are all I care about and are enough to get my undying devotion .
The donuts were still very fresh and not stale .
Hubby ordered the mushroom bisque to start off with , and was very pleased .
I devoured the crust on the pizza , which is unusual since I normally do n't eat pizza crust !
Went here at 7:30 on a Saturday night and walked right in .
Smoked chicken is hard to perfect , but this was probably the best I 've ever had ! !
In addition to the sandwich , we ordered an Italian Stromboli .
My boyfriend and I go pretty much every Friday night .
scallops , feta fries , pork belly , lamb burger , very nice .
This restaurant is in a great location near my apartment and I have ordered from them multiple times .
That is the good thing I can say about this place .
Came here for my birthday and everything flowed so smoothly .
The food is okay !
Owner came out and spent some time w us giving us insight on top tourist destinations in the area .
The food is alway super top notch .
Definitely a good go to burger place .
This may sound strange but my favorite parts of the meal were the cole slaw , baked beans & the bread pudding for dessert .
I have a hard time believing that there is n't an office in the back for her to work from .
The dish was not to my liking , but that 's because I 'm not a fan of celery in lobster rolls .
It took at least a half hour to get food for 6 people and when we ordered the place was less than half full .
I pointed out their flier offers free fast delivery and why did n't o go to pizza hut .
ML Rose is to beer as Nashville is to country music : it is the definitive marker of what beer goes .
There are only a few seats and the store gets pretty crowded with people waiting for their food .
Came here with the fam tonight and it was good .
great relaxing atmosphere .
Each employee was nice , attentive and friendly -- exactly what you want to be exposed to in the am .
As a server myself I know that the cooks do n't always listen to what the ticket said .
So we arrived an hour early and had drinks in the lobby while the piano man played beautifully .
First , it 's important to note that they are 24 hours , which is nice .
Our office tried this pizza place for an office luncheon after receiving some coupons in the mail .
The area is pretty small and there is no where to stand while you are waiting to be seated .
I had the jamabalaya which was very good , tasted the truffle mash also good and the fried oyster was perfect not too dry .
The drive thru process saved me a few minutes , as I 'm sure the staff inside was just as efficient as the drive thru staff .
I came here for the World Cup finals , so I kind of figure that I had a different experience than normal .
The pear arugula salad was HUGE !
The one exception was the Baklava which was outstanding .
Orange juice was delightful and the fresh fruit ( though out of season ) was palatable .
It is an elegant but casual place with cloth napkins on the tables and nice decorations .
The French fries were really good , but I wished I 'd paid another $ 1 for tabouli .
Really worth the drive .
I can honestly say that this is probably my favorite cake ever .
My takoyaki came out in a styrofoam take - out container , even though we had clearly said we were eating here .
There is a table about 2 ft from the door to the women 's bathroom .
The food here is just okay .
Instead , my girlfriend ordered the beet salad and the fish entree and I ordered the chicken and red beans and rice .
Take my word .
My glass of wine was empty for , I do n't know , a good half an hour .
I had the french toast and while I ca n't say its in my top 10 of french toast it was good ...
The fried avacado was surprising choice .
Turtle soup was interesting , and unique .
You just skipped an entire line of 25 people during the lunch rush , and dammit , you should be proud of yourself .
Easily one of the worst restaurant experiences I 've ever had .
The menu is the same to better .
The sushi is very good here as well .
As a total NYC obsessed snob ( awareness is the first step ) , The Fountain made me think twice about dissing the Midwest .
It is a wonderful lunch place .
I assume that Saturday night was busy and they just did n't clean up .
The seafood is FRESH and delicious .
Family had the Jerusalem chicken , meatloaf ( only mediocre review ) , baked beans , mashed potatoes , and fruit ( berries ) .
Oddly they do n't provide utensils nor napkins just a styrofoam box and the food inside of it
Some of the things they served I had never tried or wanted to try , but ended up thoroughly enjoying them .
They do offer a military discount , but at the higher Sunday price it was NOT worth it .
Normally we are big fans of Carrabbas .
Basically , I consider the whole event an enticing appetizer for a much - anticipated main course : coming back for a full meal !
However , when you walk in , it 's nicely furnished and upscale looking with chandeliers and cloth napkins .
You can tell they take pride in putting out premium food .
It just has a really nice , cozy , laid - back feel .
It is expensive but the ambience and overall quality of the food experience is pretty cool !
The servers was super nice !
Her smile and want to make people happy is contagious .
First things first : the gelato is truly incredible .
We heard about the place from a cab driver and thought we 'd give it a try .
The food was good , not great .
And they 're open late nights-- a rare and welcome divergence from the traditional restaurant culture here .
Miss this little gem more than we could have ever imagined ! !
We had to circle the bill items and wait half an hour for her to bring back the bill .
They were seasoned so well , with lemon and other things I could n't name .
We had the chicken finger sandwiches on Texas toast .
They have the BEST selection of everything ...
I asked for balsamic dressing and it was a great flavor together .
I cancelled with booking and checked multiple times to make sure it was indeed cancelled .
Are iced coffee was very good and hit the spot .
Then , since we had a long ride home we gobbled up some other goodies .
I ordered a beer and my wife ordered sweet tea .
Grew up with them and know the difference .
The bread pudding dessert was also great !
This is one of my favorite places for enchiladas .
He also brought a bowl of water for said dog .
but it does n't seem like these guys get buddy - buddy with anybody .
By 6:30 there was a line at the door and an hour wait .
Even went back and asked the girl to add another shot and why .
It was to the point that my own mother commented that if it had been her food , she would n't have touched it .
I love the atmosphere and the food of course !
I even noticed the couple next to us also trying to get the wait staffs attention so they could pay their bill .
the place is loud .
The Marinara sauce tasted like pure tomato sauce out of the can .
I got the chicken pad Thai .
The texture was the right amount of thick .
I ordered their daily specials and was very satisfied .
The owners are funny and really nice , so are the waitresses .
I 'm not sure who will mind the scenic route , but we all know we make that trek for just the juicy tip ...
As usual , we traded tastes of our orders .
The wines on offer were so reasonably priced- most under $ 20 a bottle but a decent selection .
I loved the pesto dish and the crushed pistachio on top complimented the pesto so well .
We had a few different dishes for the table , and polished them all off , because we loved almost everything we ordered .
After our hour on the ocean , we were famished but still aware that it could be a wait since the place is small and popular .
Lobster was cooked nicely and potatoes were huge !
So I 'm still not sure how I feel about Mac 's Tavern , I 've been here like 3 times , and I 've had the food .
Mac 's is a great place for many things .
Oh , and the homemade tater tots and cheese grits were both very good .
What a pleasant surprise !
There was a drink special going on and we got rum runner buckets that were great .
The tacos and setup are a slightly strange blend of Tex - Mex , nothing authentic .
We tried all the appetizers and a myriad of different entrees .
The ambiance is pleasant , welcoming , and clean .
Both places are quite similar , but FC had an air of pretentiousness that Boilermaker did n't .
No doubt the new owner bought your brewing recipes in the sale , but your brewing competition in the St.
Visited for lunch on a sunny day .
Also , those cute little cast - iron skillets !
We ate here as repeat customers for years , but our last 2 orders were not good .
The place smells a bit of fabulouso floor cleaner .
You order at the counter , then sit down and wait for your food , so it 's not the typical waiter / waitress setup .
As it is now , it 's a really expensive , mediocre burger .
That is one good deal and the food was n't half bad either !
The waitstaff is attentive and the sushi is quite good .
I know this is a local hot spot but I can not figure out why .
The service was very attentive and I 'll definitely return if I visit Reno again !
IBP has all kinds of sports packages so it 's a great place to go to watch that out of town football or baseball game .
This place is great , highly recommend it !
My friend and I came in to have a Passion Fruit Ice Tea and enjoy our time together .
I ordered the $ 12 ground lamb burger and was highly anticipating it 's lamby goodness .
I got a medium with carob chips on top and it came out over $ 6 .
The first time I went , I had the " world 's best " turkey sandwich which is VERY true to the name .
But dear God in heaven , who I have forsaken in so many ways , they put something on the menu so bad I am still shocked .
Everyone had a great time .
The Hermitage location is amazing and the food comes out promptly each time .
Then I got a strawberry margarita which was HUGE , and the most expensive margarita I 've ever had .
I failed to mention , it 's a half portion !
The owner is an absolute sweetheart , very nice woman .
At this point we were hungry and cutting it close with time , that we just ate what we had to fill our stomachs and left .
Very welcoming and at home feel throughout the building .
The food was seasoned well , service was efficient and overall the place was nicely set .
Second , you ca nt share with the other people at your table , but you can share with the people doing the all you can eat .
The meal was good but not out of this world - in other words , exactly what I expected was exactly what I received .
Course 5 : Couscous with veggies , chick peas and raisins- This was probably my least favorite dish from the main meal .
The list goes on and on , but this was this was most unnecessary .
Tasted that way , too .
He 's an awesome guy though .
I asked for the wings crispy .
After having been to more than 65 Hard Rock locations worldwide , I must say that this place stinks ...
Although we did n't try any , the beers may be good , but a glass of the house chardonnay which was sweet and simple was $ 8 .
The wait was a bit long , and their wait list process is a bit confusing .
I 've been here a bunch for both breakfast and lunch and its all great !
She did n't want to wait the 5 to 15 minutes to be seated and was like mom can you take me to IHOP ..
Very friendly & the Caprese sandwich is amazing .
They need to open a location on the Westbank ...
This place was packed !
The beer garden alone is worth 5 stars !
Also the staff was super helpful in helping me decide what to get since I 'm an Indian food newbie .
At Elevation Burger , the answers are yes , yes , yes , and awesome !
Ca n't figure why people like their salsa so much as I think the stuff from " NEW YORK CITY ! ! "
This place had a really nice vibe .
First off , I 'm totally impressed that they even have vegan cheese pizza !
I ca n't wait to come on the day they make cinnamon rolls .
On the other hand , the food came in 3 minutes and they got my order right , so it 's hard to complain .
The tacos were okay but small and pretty bland .
Server was very friendly , and split our check a million ways with a smile .
He was able to explain all the drinks on the menu and suggest the ones he thought I would like the most .
The restaurant is spacious and comfortable .
When our entree came out my chicken was terrible .
One this to beware of is the bathroom situation , they have 2 unisex rooms , one in the front of the bar and one in the back .
Now that we 're cooking our own food most of the time , when we do decide to order from Chinese Delight I 'm always in for it .
The cheesesteak was much better tasting than other vegetarian cheesesteaks I 've had .
They finished a large pizza amongst the two of them !
The Cubby Hole is very intimate and has great food .
So I call them up and describe the mix up .
That last one is really surprising since there are so many soggy wings out there .
The blue cheese dip had lots of chunks of cheese .
We ended up spending over $ 40 for two ppl for lunch .
Lunch ... not bad ... lots of competition in the are ...
I had a blast here !
I ordered the House salad and the dressing was beyond perfect .
The etouffee was good , but the flavor got a little muddled after eating it for a while .
I 'm scared what the bill would have been had we ordered a high end liquor .
We sat at the bar and had no issues with empty glasses or bottles .
The quality & pride in food is my favorite part .
It 's a great place to go with friends and I always recommend it to new people .
You ca n't go wrong with any of the desserts .
We left with 2 to go boxes so the portions are good sized .
And the people that work here are super nice , too .
Was n't expecting that from a walk in pizza place .
About 5 - 6 servers did say hi to us though .
I 've been here several times just cause I live in the area .
If you want to prevent getting your doors dinged , do n't park in the garage .
Jerk chicken was great , but expect atleast a 15 minute wait
I had a cup of the kickin crab chowder , which was delicious and was hot upon its arrival .
The steak blue pizza was addicting ! ! !
We took the rest of our pizza home to reheat ...
The prices were very reasonable for the quality of food and the experience .
My wife had a chicken caesar wrap which was also excellent .
My friend Bill had the pulled pork and cheddar sanwdich with mustard fries .
The salsa was bland , hot sauce options mediocre , rice and beans average .
We split a breakfast pizza and the B.E.L.T.
But the beers tasted old .
but none of these compare to TOI .
Avoid this location .
This is a popular spot , so expect to wait a bit .
My first time here , not my last .
Desire Oyster Bar is one of many restaurants they have on site .
We asked the girl ringing people up and she had to go ask someone else .
The same malai kabob was more bland , and from what I could tell a little pink inside too .
Now some people who will eat anything will say go to this place but I would say stay away ......
Aldo 's has awesome pizza !
The Royal Street Salad with bacon , mild blue cheese and delectable herb vinaigrette was delicious - if overdressed .
This is an above average pizza place .
The music was fun , the belly dancer was a lot of fun also .
My fiancée chicken was also dry and just over all bland .
Luckily , there was a second employee serving a table nearby who asked if I had been taken care of yet .
It was n't particularly flavorful , and the bed of rice it came on was soggy .
Not as good as Geno 's or Steve 's IMHO , but better than others like Pat 's for instance .
Let 's talk dining room and decor ...
Oh , cash only though there 's an expensive ATM on the premises .
This is one of the best restaurants in the FQ .
The shaker pint glasses are kept refrigerated and are too cold in my opinion .
This is a small but highly frustrating thing for a woman .
Co - workers and I placed a big order .
And my pancakes were divine .
Decent Vietnamese food considering it 's in an area with a small population of Vietnamese people .
What can I say , the food here was beyond delicious .
Such a great experience !
Shake Shack came to town ( literally right across the street ) and I 've eaten numerous delicious burgers .
Nice little restaurant/ bar near Vanderbilt .
Unaccustomed to free parking at a hotel , I was impressed that they offered it .
The staff was really friendly on a positive note .
My husband and I both had filet mignon with spinach and potatoes .
And they even do spring mix , which was great considering romaine is n't the best these days .
Try the meatball pizza , arancini , and the gelato .
There was n't enough sour cream or guac .
Thoroughly enjoyed a " girls " night out this evening at Reeds American Table .
It was n't just a large dinner , it was also very tasty and well seasoned .
Then as we were waiting for our entrees we noticed many tables who were sat after us getting their food .
The service was friendly and fast as well !
This is a great Mexican restaurant .
I came here to eat dinner tonight and I was not impressed at all .
The duck was tender and flavorful and the dollop of cabernet goat cheese was the , " icing on top " of a very creative dish .
The crust is just bland .
They have TVs everywhere and a variety of seating options indoor and outdoor .
When our food came out my fajitas were colder than normal .
But yes , I also agree that the hand roll is definitely overpriced .
Do n't waste your time or your money and they seriously need to hire an exterminator now ! ! ! ! ! !
The fries that came with the burger were salty and soggy ; my husband commented that they were likely old .
It was walkable to shuttle pick up stop at Marriott Hotel ( walk ~0.3 miles ) .
The coffee was " expensive " on the menu .
They have their own fish market right next door so I bought Jambalaya and Gumbo to take back to Miami !
I 've never even had a so - so experience there .
I walked in the front entrance and had 2 servers walk within inches of me by the door and look at me as if i was in the way .
The duck springroll came with a wonderful tangy sauce , which I greatly enjoyed .
I went with the Pim 's cup and it was one of the best mixed drinks I have had in a really long time .
Most places do n't use hormone treated diary so that was almost expected but the corn syrup was a nice touch .
It 's a good thing I live outside the city and only work there , otherwise I 'd eat at HipCityVeg twice a day .
Felt as though my family and I had a personal tour guide who loved answering questions .
The garlic knots were hard .
There was more ham on it than I normally eat at Christmas dinner , yet at the end , I was somehow wanting more .
I also enjoyed the grilled romaine salad .
Food was horriable .
There were 3 couples in our party .
Waiter was kind and was nice enough to check up on my girlfriend and I to see how we 're doing .
The rest is blur .
Great , great experience .
I shared several intimate lunches over the years at Sunset Grille with native Nashvillian , John Siegenthaler .
i 've walked by this establishment on the way to work and did n't realize how cramped and small it is until i came for brunch .
The donut Paninis are outstanding .
Their prices are also insanely expensive compared to others i 've been to .
As I rant and rave about the shrimp dish , the sezchuan beef was on point as well .
The tacos had freshly prepared pickled onions on top that were terrific .
The food is great and so are the strawberry mojitos my favorite but , the service suck .
The lights are too dim ,
fish and chips for me and an open - faced roast beef sandwich for my husband .
The staff of about 5 - 6 who all appeared to be family hung out in the front watching TV .
The pastries come in 3 for 3.99 and can be easily shared amount 3 people .
As I mentioned , giambotta as I knew it was something of an eggplant and squash stew .
Employee in drive thru could n't seem to get the simplest order right .
The bartenders are very friendly , attentive and fast .
The rainbow roll , which normally is topped with raw fish was topped with mushy avocado ? ? ? ? ?
Everyone seemed to enjoy their food and I can only review my meal which was the Yellowfin Tuna Honey Sesame Salad .
The shrimp cocktail was sinus - obliterating as usual , but the seared tuna was slightly flavorless .
Certainly the Dan Dan noodles were instantaneous .
Btw try the grits & French toast !
This is my favorite spot to go before Cardinal ball games .
He said they were bringing my sauces back but no one ever showed .
The food was good , that 's the only reason they got 2 stars !
Rotten Ralph 's is a perfectly fine establishment ... decent beer selection , decent food , and decent prices .
Although I did n't particularly enjoy my meal , others I was dining with did .
I had high hopes .
The staff are courteous and professional .
The dinner combo , I believe , came with choice of soup or salad .
I highly recommend Carlos , the staff and the great culinary experience we had to anyone .
Waiter was super friendly and he had two fried egg sewed at his shirt sleeves .
Everything is artsy fartsy and eclectic .
They would have gotten 4 stars had it not been for their poor advertising of the cash - only policy .
This is a really really great Thai restaurant .
As soon as I found it I made plans to go there the following Saturday for breakfast .
The decor is nice and it feels truly greek , but the noise levels are pretty high .
Hardest working people in the restaurant industry , those FOH guys .
Including tax and tip , we stuffed ourselves for only $ 17.00 each !
I have been desperately meaning to come here for a good three years .
My husband has actually raved about the pastries .
It 's unreal how you can making something so moist and crispy , and have it ready in a matter of minutes .
Louis for a family wedding , and wanted to go out for lunch with his grandparents .
Owner tends to let the place get pretty warm inside before closing the front door and turning on the AC .
Why would an extra 50 cents be such a big deal at that point ?
There is always a huge line out the door and around the corner .
And it was the best shrimp and grits we 've had !
It 's a good place for that .
The Pinellas Park eatery is a place to GORGE yourself on all the Chicken you can eat !
Small , crowded and hectic but boy the food was good and plentiful .
I am a beastly pig , and this for me , is kind of unheard of .
Seriously the best food in the city .
The line to place your order is usually a bit long , but it is well worth the wait !
I called to order fried rice before my drive back to Chicago .
The mini tacos with braised beef are a meal , as is the quesadilla .
Went to this place a 2nd time , and with a different BF , lol .
The salad size is AMPLE , the choice of toppings is exceptional , and the dressings are very good .
service was blah ..
The portion size was also very filling .
My husband 's favorite sandwich is the hot salami ( but do be warned ...
If only we had known about this cafe years ago ! !
It came with fries , but i was so full i could n't even finish them .
The lamb ribs ( not on the menu ) came in between our second and third course and were sumac incrusted caramelized lamb ribs .
I had the grilled gulf fish with asparagus and potatoes .
Pai - gow and , I believe , Baccarat are also available .
My husband had the fried chicken which was delicious and he also had a ton of leftovers and he has a huge appetite .
It smelled very similar to pho .
I know that local Italian salads have a tendency to be sweet , but this one was seriously over the top .
My mom and I both ordered the eggplant parmasean dish with a side of spaghetti ..
The restaurant was clean and there are a lot of tv 's to watch sports but not recommended for an enjoyable dining experience .
I ordered some dry wings and they did n't bother to toss them in the spice like you would expect .
I have had them feed 50 people at my backyard Birthday party and it all was very good .
Plantains are a must --- absolutely delicious and chicken stew is highly recommended .
I 'd highly recommend any restaurant replacing the sorry goose island with Lagunitas Pale Ale or Lagunitas IPA .
The server was really nice and gave me the option of getting both the bbq sauce and ranch dressing for the wings .
It 's a no frills place but the food is fresh , healthy and reasonably priced .
They were very busy but we were greeted by an energetic waitress named Lyndel .
I usually get the burrito or quesadilla .
And the best part , all taste like they just came from my grandma 's kitchen .
He was ( is ) a serious rockstar .
The service is amazing .
Crab cake special was best crab cake I 've ever eaten .
As for toppings , pepperoni and bacon ( real bacon , not canadian bacon ) is my favorite , hands down .
did not make it in the box .
So I went with the simple cheddar burger and sweet potato fries .
She dumped the bill on our table without saying a word .
I 'd camp out for this place ! !
Also had grilled chicken club salad really good too !
Overall really really good meal .
The atmosphere was just what we needed and the bar was also child friendly .
I was very unimpressed with the selection of rolls and even more unimpressed by the quality .
Loved the pork green chili and the side potatoes .
He also got an espresso bar which was some kind of sugary chocolate treat , and he loved that .
I 've been to the location on Park near University several times , and been very please every time .
The fries are excellent , the beef pink in the middle - i love it .
From the outside , the atmosphere inside , the friendly service and the amazing coffee and food !
If you do decide to go I recommend that you buy the coupon on Yelp it saved me $ 10 .
Red beans and rice and crab cakes were amazing .
We were saddened that the service did not match the food .
Poke bowl was a huge portion .
Very busy most of the time and hard to get a seat , however their Pad Thai is the best in town and worth the wait !
The pulled pork and black beans and rice was delicious !
For desert , we shared a crime brûlée which came lit on fire !
Had ceviche for an appetizer which was very good .
Now the consistency of quality is questionable ...
We loved the original and used to be regulars .
The garlic Parmesan fries were not as good as I had expected .
Once our server found out it was my Birthday , our appetizer of NE Clam Chowder was on the house .
We also ordered the Seafood Crispy Noodles , Pearl Noodles , and a Beef rice dish .
Cheap , delicious , convinient .
I live on state street and ca n't wait to visit again very soon ! !
Also the staff is ignorant .
The meatballs taste homemade and of good quality .
We were a party of 11 with little ones .
It is only because of the food that I gave this restaurant 2 stars because the service and wait time were horrendous .
She told me it would be ready 10 - 15 minutes and was hot and ready when I arrived .
The result was something like sour dog piss and tequila .
Really liked the atmosphere sushi was great .
The tacos were amazing , stuffed full of juicy shredded brisket , pico de gallo , beans , fried jalapenos ...
The caesar salad was good but the lettuce was a little on the limp side .
In Germany , it is regarded as Turkish cuisine a but it is still the best food I had in Germany !
Not to mention she had an excuse for everything instead of taking the blame .
We did however really enjoy the customer service aspect waiter Daniel was awesome and make sure that he knew it .
I got the Manchego salad and added chicken to it .
The server tries to take plates we are still eating from but leaves sangria glasses etc for the entire meal ?
The manager comes over and just goes " what did you have " my friend told her then she just walked away .
The fries were awesome and there were so many chicken bites that I had to take a go box home .
My daughter had the kid 's macaroni and cheese .
So we ordered fish tacos and fish was fried .
Co - owner Melissa was up front and center manning the front when I visited last Wednesday .
We just enjoy the diner bibe .
I guess I do n't get the whole " hipster " thing .
Was not ready on time .
They have a good happy hour , and a very comfortable atmosphere .
House wine was fine but the wings came out much hotter than they were supposed to , even the second time around .
The food was clean , fresh and fast at a very good price .
Very friendly owners and staff .
I ordered the house burger and sweet potato fries and it came out to about $ 18 .
Yet our food took quite a while to come out .
And the cashier was super friendly and helpful .
I brought my 11 month old there to meet a friend for lunch and we had a great time and a great meal .
Also a bit odd was that rice must me ordered as a side .
Came here exactly the day after I read about it - Ben Poremba , fried chicken , ethically raised ? ! ? ?
One problem we may have is our 7 year old is very picky and we did n't see a chidren 's menu .
We selected the Gringo 3.0 Pizza , which is basically their version of a Taco Pizza ... warning it carries some HEAT !
I enjoyed my dinner and my happy hour buzz .
This was my second visit to Dewey 's .
I had meatloaf and mashed potatoes .
Unfortunate but that 's the way things work .
The honey hibiscus tea was delicious as was the Thai tea with milk .
Scallops were n't that great .
I am so disappointed with this establishment .
For me , it is the many flavors of delicious custard that draw me into culvers , and that 's what the 4 stars is about !
I do n't Yelp much , but felt that I had to after that meal .
I have eaten there twice and verbally ( and loudly ) moaned in food pleasure over each meal !
I would be embarassed to leave such a mess but then I 've seen people on a plane or at an airport leave even more of a mess .
I just do n't like coming in here around 5 pm .
Located close to local schools and Webster University , this is often a place to go to escape those " regular " establishments .
-Patatas Bravas- spicy fried potatoes with tomato sauce .
The roast beef sandwich however was AMAZING !
So the 1 star is for their total lack of space and lame waiting list procedure .
Our son and nephew both had Quesadillas .
When I saw the waitress walk by with one , I instantly had buyers remorse ! !
The malibu is pretty satisfying too .
The decor is nice , but the seating is a bit crowded .
Great neighborhood restaurant .
There 's plenty of street parking , so no worries about parking meters or anything .
After about 30 minutes , she asked us to stand inside the restaurant , saying it would speed - up seating .
It was very crispy but way to greasy and made this scrapple lover pass it onto the next person to try .
fried calamari , fried pickles , 1/2 blackened gator 1/2 fried gator , cheese sticks , fried crab claws , and fried crawfish tails .
The Mediterranean salad was very skimpy -- lettuce with just a moderate garnish of vegetables and chickpeas .
Food came out in a timely manner , hot and delicious .
... and the aroma is mouthwatering as you drive by their smoker and " smoke shack " heading North on U.S.
The pork rice was savory and delicious , and came with a yummy hard boiled egg and delicious pickled daikon .
And the fact that they participated in AZ Beer Week is great .
Waited at the host station for 10 mins while servers walked back and forth ignoring our group .
A little expensive but worth every penny .
I enjoyed talking with Gigi and learning her and her husband 's back ground .
Was not cheap at all and the rolls were so small .
my only gripe is i ca nt seem to find their menu online ANYWHERE !
We tried all the meats , mashed potatoes , and rolls !
It was not your typical iced mocha .
Definitely hit the spot .
I came near the end of their lunch hour and got to speak with the owner just for a bit before they closed up .
I had no idea that collard greens could taste so good .
We had to ask them for chopsticks .
they are certainly very helpful with recommendations and very knowledgeable of the menu .
Good experience .
Have n't eaten at Wendy 's in a long time but these have really changed for the better .
They are on the pricier side compared to your average sushi restaurant , but not by much .
They called our birthday girl on stage and began to sing a rendition of Aladins whole new world .
Great people , great food , great prices ! ! ! !
I do n't think we had to wait longer than 5 - 7 minutes for our order .
That being said , there are a lot of cool designs on them .
Daughter likes sushi and loved the dragon roll .
Extremely overcook you ca nt even cutting , beans come to the table late and the banana plantain was just ridiculous .
Tried this placed based on Yelps reviews and this place was very much a surprise !
Perfect spot for lunch .
By all means check it out yourself , many people swear by it .
Over all , those 4 gentlemen negated the unfortunate experience on the other side of the restaurant .
Please expand so vegans and foodies everywhere can enjoy your menu ! ! !
I know it 's a bit harsh , but the goal is to give honest review of the food , without being rude .
Overall I would say it 's an ok burger spot .
I ca n't believe they have the audacity to call this Mexican food .
So we popped in on a weekend for a late lunch and decided to order a la carte .
So when this place opened , I showed up on the first day .
The food is pretty good and there is a wide selection- salads , chicken , etc- American county club type fare .
A MUST TRY RESTAURANT IN EDMONTON ! !
I would absolutely recommend this place .
Oh FANTASTIC happy hour menu .
We came here for the first time tonight and were very pleased with food , romantic atmosphere and great service .
The place was small but had a comfotable feel and the waiter was great .
The platters come with 3 tacos at dinner ( 2 at lunch ) , refried beans and rice and sauces and everything was good .
I never had a bad meal here
Another thing that killed me was their use of glassware .
Eclectic assortment : a large chicken leg , fried jalapeño , tamale , two rolled grape leaves , fresh melon .
This new location is right near my house .
My friend ordered the Greek frappe which was creamy and delicious , will definitely get that next time .
This was definitely one of the best meals and memorable restaurant I have ever been to .
Throw in a pair of cocktails each , and we left happy with a bottle of the house cocktail sauce .
First of all , the French toast is deep fried .
By that I mean the Mexican food that is covered in cheese ...
The pizza was cold , the gyro meat looked like it was yesterday 's offering , red potatoes were cold .
A great place to relax and enjoy good food .
My family has dietary restrictions so we could not eat what we had brought home .
We got free tickets to the W&W show at the tiki bar this past Sunday .
I can only think of a handful of times that we 've been here where a game has n't worked .
As the place is to - go only- they know how to wrap up messy seafood orders , nothing was spilled .
Really surprised about the negative reviews .
Mirna 's is a great neighborhood - y restaurant .
very casual great place to spot for a bite at all hours
But the treats they home make here are my favorite part .
Once inside , the check - in issue that we thought was resolved was not : 2 female colleagues , 1 king bed .
This building is deceptive .
As far as drinks go , 12 South Lemonade .
Seems like the management / owners are truly interested in making things right .
I got the Margarita donut since it was Cinco de Mayo , and my husband got a Mexican hot chocolate donut .
This place is definitely up there with the good Pho places in the area .
I love that crazy Italian ice cream .
Nothing bad to say , been here multiple times and is the best sushi in Indy hands down !
People dress business casual , or so it seemed when we went .
if you are looking for a GOOD BYO italian restaurant , go to La Baia on 17th and Lombard !
It is a really small place but the service was excellent .
There was chickens hanging around the property , which I LOVE !
I think I 've found my new spot ! !
My only complaint is that the layout of the store was bad planning .
Being a couple straight out of grad school , we were also very concerned with keeping the cost manageable .
Crushed Ice for fountain drink was awesome ( see pic ) ! !
Super impressive and wayyy beyond the call of duty .
Ordered crab rangun , steamed dumplings , sesame chicken , sweet and sour chicken , and pork fried rice .
The best Italian market outside of NYC !
The spice was just right , the calamari was cooked perfect .
He gave great recommendations on the wine and the specials .
We left some cash for the drinks and headed to another restaurant ... one we felt confident would be a better experience .
The soft serve is so creamy-- the way it should be .
The toast was burned ( buried at the bottom of the platter ) and there were no hush puppies .
I was on the verge of a stomach ache after eating 2 bites of this .
My friend , however , ordered a full entree for $ 26 and she said it was subpar at best .
My favorite spot for brunch and lunch !
The place is straight out of an Escher etching .
Our meals from the specials menu were house made spinach gnocchi and a snapper in a triple sec sauce .
A great meal that my family really enjoyed !
The happy hour food was inexpensive yet so flavorful and filling .
Place is horrible .
Ca n't offer any advice on dessert as there was no room for it .
It is your best middle of the night drunk eatery choice .
extremely good for you vegetarians out there .
The bread was blah .
Food substandard at best .
The biscuits and gravy were absolutely on point , a must try .
Do n't be fooled by BRIO being a " chain " restaurant .
Servers were there in an instant to clean up , all with good nature .
I 've had more attentive service at Applebee 's .
I have had Pizza hut before at a different location and I do n't remember the service ever being this horrible .
So glad to have a great vietnamese place uptown !
The ice cream was made fresh .
They said I had to bring a print out which is totally against Groupon .
Last , it was n't crazy busy , I was happy with my wait time for to go .
Not only was the hostess not there , no one even acknowledged that we were there .
Everyone was raving about the soda choice but no Cheerwine ?
I got the crab cake and it was probably the best I 've ever had !
I personally ordered the buffalo wings , which was very good .
He 's well aware of the success of the business , as he showed me his five - star Yelp average on his phone .
This is a great place for breakfast !
I ordered Kung pao chicken , I do n't know if it was chicken , it was so chewy I spit it out .
Maybe if we had ordered something else , our experience would have been better , but overall we were n't impressed .
So I had a black bean burger on top of my salad .
Last minute reservations for outdoor seating when I found my other choice closed , and I 'm happy as can be .
Elmo 's just incase that is booked for the night .
The restaurant is set up like a pizza shop .
The food is fresh , well - prepared , and delicious .
Whether you get here bright and early when they open the kitchen or late at night , something is " out " .
So instead of just saying sorry our drink situation sucks today u can have it for free they charge us .
My wife had the catfish Nathan , which were two grilled catfish filets topped with shrimp and a cream sauce .
Such a sorry shame of a once nice place .
Love the ambiance , love the laid - back but still attentive attitude of the workers .
Interacting with him alone would 've made this a 5 - star experience .
I come for the food when I work nearby , everything I have tried has been really good !
i ve been there during happy hour with girlfriends and its fine .
We went here for lunch not long ago and were not at all impressed with the food .
Table and menus were sticky , silverware filthy .
The pizza took forrrevvverrr to come out though we had been done with our salads for 20 - 30 minutes .
This place wowed me from the moment I walked in .
The bacon was mostly good but part of it was not as crispy as I like it .
My sisters friend had a shrimp po boy with fries .
So for service , you guys are awesome !
The fresh , warm bread we started out with was very good .
The night before we went to Neyows which turned out to be a flop , however this place did not disappoint .
I loved the BLT pizza in particular .
The ice tea and lemonade were not homemade .
Skipper 's used to be a Northwest institution .
At this point , our beers had been empty for 20 minutes .
The reason for the 3 stars is because the wantons were amazing .
Also , this one is the only Papa Murphy 's I 've been to whose pizzas are always round ( never wonky ) .
All in all the food was good .
I could n't be more pleased with the service .
Saqqara had great fast hookah service , really really great food and best part , was their service .
There were a lot of choices on the menu for anyone who has dietary restrictions and everyone was very pleasant and friendly .
And the cookie desert is incredible .
This place was really good .
The iced mocha was okay , but a bit bland in my opinion .
Went here for the first time today , and it was AWESOME !
With so many girls running around like crazy , this was so easy to stumble back to in case anyone got left behind .
Great little local diner .
Being new it 's not really that busy early in the week but I like that .
Cedar Park Cafe was the top hit .
Their cheesecake is pretty amazing too !
I have been there for breakfast and was happy .
It should also be said that the place was cute and the prices were reasonable .
Sometimes when we go it 's great , other times , it 's terrible , but it 's a unique looking local restaruant that 's pretty good .
The staff is quick and attentive .
-They always get to - go orders incorrect .
Ok great soup and desserts .
Drinks were well made but overpriced compared to the price point of the tasting menu ( obvi to make some $ $ $ ) .
He loved his burger , we also got some yummy fries , but I have not stopped thinking about the FRIED PICKLES ! ! !
Next time I come here , I would probably just stick with the deli items or the beef chowmein .
We stopped in yesterday for a quick lunch .
It 's the kind of place a dock worker would take his family for a fancy meal and not feel out of place .
We were n't blown away with the experience or the pizza , but liked that it was fast and efficient .
Greek Caesar salad looked great except lettuce all wilted cause they did n't refrigerate .
The service was impeccable as well but remember we were at the bar .
Very maddening to be watching CNN and last weeks pro game on a college football filled Saturday afternoon ! ! ! !
Eating food off customer plate ..
I was in town for business and after checking into my hotel , I searched for the closest BBQ place .
The meal was well prepared and a true delight , served with flourish and fan fare .
I had to restrain myself to keep from licking the plate .
The best Pad Kee Mao and thai egg rolls I 've tasted since living in Chicago and New York .
It is their signature dish and hands down , it is the best item on the menu .
As if he was going to get a tip in the first place .
Had Chimichanga and burger and fries both were average but not outstanding .
Every addition ( onions ) was an upcharge the sandwich was decent size ... fair taste .
Absolutely everything on the menu is amazing .
Excellent burger and very good pulled pork .
The bearded bartender was the star of the show .
I try to show her the sign but she had took the sign down .
My coworker said they moved slow in there and he had to wait a bit .
The menu is actually quite extensive , but all the food tastes really fresh and home made .
Ordering from them is as stupid a decision as one can make .
Falafel was tasty but all other items were very sub par .
Food was delicious and portion was generous .
The food is n't fresh and most of what I 've had was n't even made to order .
We decided to get our usual drink orders .. anyone know what that is ? ? ?
I ca n't wait to check it out in person !
After 15 minutes we had to ask for a menu , adding that we had 7:30 show tickets .
It 's nice and clean , the guy behind the counter was nice and the iced mocha latte was great .
I do n't want to end up in the dog house .
I had wanted to go to BST back in the day and never made it but it really has n't been on my list for a while .
I did n't arrive to the hotel til past 9 pm so I did n't really get to check out the surroundings too much .
I wish I could take this little cafe with me to DC .... simply amazing .
I then ordered the Fuji roll and gyoza .
They were busy so I guess if I ever come back I will try not to come back at such a busy time .
Been to plenty across the nation , some are good and some are n't , and this was the worse as for customer service .
This place is very good and consistent .
They had a live band playing and the music was very good .
The dining area is a separate room away from the pub .
The truffle tots are pretty fantastic and I highly recommend swapping out for a pretzel bun .
The only problem ...
The goat with the sweet curry and gnocchi was very different and I loved it .
The building is quaint and cute , the service was great and even the patrons were laid back .
Do n't make this mistake .
Janet the hostess was friendly and hustled to get tables sat .
We ordered the Black and Blue burger medium and the Salmon burger medium .
As expected , it came out with the slaw / onion / pickles , so I sent it back .
the grilled chicken was just right and tasted like the grill , which i dig .
Overall , the food was probably the best I have ever had in Philadelphia .
I ca n't thank the staff enough for making my birthday dinner heaven on my taste buds .
I think the later you make a reservation , the better it is .
I ordered the beef & broccoli much special and Tricia ordered the salt pepper flounder , one of our favorite dishes from 168 .
Overall rally tasty .
My husband ordered the American Wheat .
After watching Justin Duncan ( the owner ) on Big Brother Over the Top , I was curious to try out his restaurant .
The food was quality , but the customer service was even better .
The drinks are expertly mixed and the food looked great .
I 've also chilled inside , but the real spot is the patio .
I got the pasta bolognese with filet mignon tips .
Schlafly 's has been workin ' it out in the ' wood for a long time now .
The service is less than average ; I felt very rushed , unimportant , and cheated .
The tzatziki sauce tasted like plain yogurt and sour cream mixed together .
The service and beer selection were in my top 5 favorites of all time .
The sandwiches , the brisket and the ribs are amazing !
We had a great time and will come back .
The decor is simple yet elegant .
Though , I tried my brothers hamburger and it was outstanding !
I usually do n't write reviews until I 've been to a place a few times but I think my experience was a complete one .
The fish was dry and just not that appetizing .
These were separate calls on separate days .
I one thing they do n't have is soft shell crab .
This location is by far the best of all the Café Du Monde I 've tried during my visit in NOLA .
I would have expected more from a place that has such a long history of oppression and inequality but boy was I wrong .
Anyway , I have n't had a lot of stuff here , but the pressed sandwiches are pretty amazing .
Fun in an overestimating kind of way .
For dessert we had the vegan carrot cake .
I was Yelping for a good dessert spot in the area and came upon Cake Bake Shop .
This is a decent Mediterranean place .
I could understand if the place was jumping , but my wife and I were the only food patrons .
No tendon in the meet , no fat , just great food .
The flavor was rich , and the croutons were just crunchy enough after sitting in the soup for awhile !
Besides plenty of tables to sit at there are also comfy antique couches which add to the ambiance .
It still puzzles me how others think it 's the best pho .
Got the chicken gyoza 's and the tempura shrimp roll .
Cheese and cracker plate as an appetizer was very good .
What is the point of calling in an order only to arrive 30 minutes later to be told that the order was never placed .
Went in there to grab a juice and I got exactly what I needed .
My boys LOVED the Reuben and French toast ! ! !
You can find mussels , calamari , fish , shrimp and yuca , all fried to a delicious golden brown .
The entrees were fairly well portioned and pretty tasty while the sides were portional compared to the price .
It was just chiles , cubed sweet potatoes , and a bit of cheese , not really a relleno at all .
He should have put them in a bag or wrapped a napkin around them so I got another order of fries .
I would opt for the 16 oz , even though $ 10.99 for an acai bowl is pretty steep .
Service was prompt ( once seated ) if a little brusque .
I actually do n't love the atmosphere but I understand why it is what it is .
The potatoes were n't cooked and the pancakes were a bit on the greasy side .
We have been here many times over the past 5 years .
I love it and hate it for that reason .
Avoid at all costs .
& her recommendation to start with a cinnamon roll or biscuit sounded so good .
Really not a nice place to enjoy a view .
Awesome for dine in or take out .... groovy staff .
On our trip to Mussel Shoals we made the drive to Cava twice .
Do n't sit at the bar as the service with 2 exceptions is inattentive at best .
And when my leftovers came back wrapped up ready to go , there was no room to put the bag on the table .
Great place to take family ! !
Every once and a while , like today , I 'll stop by and see if they were able to turn it around .
I was introduced to Jones at the YEE earlier this year .
Pancakes on the larger side and very tasty .
Recently visited for a family birthday dinner .
The food was great and the price was decent .
The presentation is near perfect and the location / decor are spot on .
The noodles were perfectly done and the ingredients melded perfectly .
Horrible , burnt , greasy , and very " off " flavor .
Absolute best breakfast spot on Magazine and maybe in the whole city !
The salad was good .
The Road Trip short film was very good !
We got a 14 " two topping and two regular drinks , which came about $ 20 .
I am not dressed like a street person or anything , and I am not pan - handling .
Both of our dinners were delicious and I enjoyed the spiciness of my chicken dish .
The peanut butter brownies are good , but the rest of the baked goods did n't interest me .
The tortillas are amazing , I love this place
Every special occasion we spent in Indianapolis was completed with dinner at Oakley 's .
Jones brunch is amazing .
We waited 45 minutes from our initial order to get an order of bread and a drink .
Went to bartram 's garden and came here afterward for lunch .
During one visit I was waiting at the bar and the pizza oven sits behind so you have a direct view .
If you expect haute cuisine , common sense tells you you 're in the wrong place !
The food was great though .
They do n't need you to come back , which all in all is good newsfor me ... more sushi for those who love it !
Food was great and everything came out super fast .
We had an issue with an item missing with our takeout .
This place just does n't do it for me .
The atmosphere is great , and the food was very good .
Said it would take 5 minutes to bring the soda and does n't come back for another 30 minutes .
Um - I am not sure this is a good thing .
As for the food , Asian fusion , that 's all I can tell you .
Our suite was huge and beautiful and they went above and beyond with extra touches to make it feel special .
A good variety and very tasteful .
We wanted breakfast at 10:30 am on a Friday , so we used Yelp and went to this place .
We had the guacamole and the spicy beets as appetizers .
Besides that , everyone else was cool and the food was fantastic .
But I was not okay with the hostess rudeness towards us .
Service was lackluster ... but my coffee cup never emptied which was a plus .
I usually drop by here after a workout at Maryland Farms YMCA .
At least there you do n't expect any service .
The cake turned out perfectly and was ready when requested .
The food was great , especially for $ 6 !
No longer wasting our time and money here , and we advise our friends and family to do the same .
Awesome experience !
Overall , it was a good place to have a party .
The sauce had a great flavor , but the vegetables were actually from frozen .
LITERALLY just iceberg .
This place is relatively smaller than other pho places in Santa Barbara .
I did try the chicken kabob once and it was delicious , but the side salad was a little bland .
My fiancee and I had the Flying Pie on State Street once before , so we were really excited to try the one closer to our home .
Great place to eat .
The food and sides are soooo good !
The hummus and baba is also so delicious .
Dined in at this location and we ordered some fried ravioli .
When I came home I introduced my family to these recipes .
Had them a couple of times now and the pizzas were both well made and tasty .
By far my favorite philly steakhouse in Louisiana .
I 'm not sure what all the fuss is about .
I did n't pick up on the onions or remoulade- the bacon and pimento cheese stood out as the heavyweight topping champions .
My partner was n't thrilled with her sampler platter either so she asked to speak to someone about it .
Only good things can come of this , only good things .
We all had a pasta entree which came with soup and salad(one special salad ) .
Such a shame because normally the waitstaff is very cordial and accommodating .
Truly one of the places where your eyes are bigger than your stomach .
The meal came with chips too .
It is a nice atmosphere .
sweet atmosphere and kind servers , there was totally nothing wrong with the food it just did n't blow me away .
I think the workers here are stoned and bone eyed .
The calm with which they work shows in the taste and look of every item .
The peanut butter pie is a great desert .
Pasta was expertly done and they generously split out meal giving us extra potatoes .
I believe they had 20 beers most were domestic bud , bud light and the like .
Try their Awshak or Buloni for appetizer and Qabuli pulao or Mutton kabob for main course and top it up with Firni for dessert .
The hard boiled egg had a fiery , but flavorful sambal on top which made for a nice surprise . Pickled veg was very nice .
The emcee stands in the bar area , which is always noisy .
I ordered the hummus appetizer along with lamb kabobs .
In lieu of that , I got coffee , fruit , and bacon - sweet and salty .
Everything looked so yummy and I knew they were going to meet my expectations .
The crawfish fries were AMAZING , and the fish po boy did n't need any additives !
I wanted to doublecheck online , but wow , what a lousy web site -- er , " web page " with only a contact link to email ) .
I love this place :))
With First Watch around the corner and Pinky 's up the street do n't waste your time here .
The last restaurant here did n't last a whole year .
I have to say , there was absolutely nothing that we had ( and we had a lot ! ) that was n't outstanding .
The Woodstock burger was tasty !
The food was so good we kept ordering more and more items !
I started a gofundme to see if we can raise the 3k to bring back falafel ! ! !
An old man come to say hi to us and show us table .
I was definitely happy with my meal and glad I had the experience .
The waitresses , Ashley and her colleague are charming .
We had an order of onion rings as an appetizer .
Never even heard from a line cook so Churchs as a whole must have no regard for customer service .
Here 's why I like Chipotle :
And THEN handed us a receipt for a REGULAR size boba ! !
But I have never felt rushed they have always made me feel like I am their only customer .
I had their lunch buffet ... good food and nice ambience .
Their selection of board games is quite impressive .
When we asked how the grits were prepared , the server gave a spiel about grits being whatever you make them .
The wait staff were pretty darn good .
It 's just bland , mediocre Tex - Mex style food that can be had at Chili 's for much less money .
I told the uninterested worker and we left .
The service ( shuttle ) , lunch / drinks were really well done .
Try calling ahead for pick up if you 're in a hurry .
The food was n't bad , but I hope it 's better when you eat in .
Very satisfied with the food .
Apparently as soon as she was done with our table she would run home and pick it up .
The grape vines on the trellises were beautiful and healthy and just about to burst into fruit !
Extremely slow service .. appetizer and drinks were mediocre at best .
Very pleasant owner .
I 've tried the Stromboli and the calzone and i prefer the calzone but that 's just my preference .
It was decorated beautifully and put you in the holiday spirit .
Shared an assortment of food .
I like the complimentary tea and mango lassi and the food is average .
My crew and I come here on Wednesdays to Play Quizzo .
A winter night 's meal here was unlike any dining experience I have ever shared with friends and family .
Around the table we had a variety of entrees ....
I would really like to try this place but every time I show up they are unexpectedly closed !
This restaurant could NOT get any more delicious ! ! ! !
Ahhh it is ok but nowhere near the ambiance of Cafe du Monde .
( she is very finicky ) loved the atosphere peaceful and happy ..
My friends , family , and I all stop by about once a week .
He took another 5 - 7 mins to get them .
Actually , all of their sandwiches are pretty awesome .
okay , whoever gives this place one star is buzz - kill !
I really like this place , and have had great talks with the owner .
I can see why the locals view it as a classic Philly institution .
This place has gone downhill in a hurry .
I just never know , which is likely why I have n't been there for a sandwich .
I went to Twisted Tail with my father .
Well , the delivery was prompt and everything was hot thus the two stars .
Linguini with Maranara sauce with Chicken .
Also just like the donuts you can Special order the kastleburgers .
In addition the vinegarette was great .
My husband especially liked the Vietnamese coffee !
Went with a busload from our community .
My Aunt got the Shrimp and grits that were also very good .
I 'll order something every so often , and its no big deal for me to queue myself if they get busy .
I am also a HUGE fan of brioche buns .
Delicious but it 's touch & go .
Both of us enjoyed the 8 oz Ribeye which came with a salad and a side dish of your choice .
Yes , this is the only sushi place in town .
The service there is wonderful and the food is delicious .
Staff are very friendly .
Go by - it 's a a cool spot .
We went there for the first time tonight .
The place is comfy .
But since I had Subs on the brain it stuck this time .
The best coffee i have every had was today , thank you guys .
We actually saw this place last time we went to reno but decided to not eat here .
There are two other black female team members was standing around talking about how they got paid today .
It comes in 8 oz bottles and are $ 3 a piece .
Only thing I recommend is if your going for lunch get there before 11:45 am because it gets busy .
We had the best meal and he is hilarious .
For me , though , that noise level , which was the same in all dining areas was exhausting .
You have to look carefully when driving down the street you may pass it
One of the best steaks I 've ever had ! ! ! !
The pasta con broccoli came .
My husband likes the Teriyake Chicken , BBQ Chicken and the Yale 's Thai pizzas .
Being filthy is n't even the worst part of this store .
Our waitress was really really nice but that 's where the good things I have to say end .
Luckily one of my coworkers was nice enough to share her stir fry .
It ll be a loooong time before I eat there again .
They make their own catsup & you can tell the difference if you are n't sure , that is a good thing .
Apparently it is a default to serve the meat without sauce , which " meats " with my approval .
However the service this time was not that great .... she was very pushy seeming like she was trying to get us to be done .
This place was definitely the best dining experience I had in NOLA during my week - long trip !
They were tasty - loaded with goodies and the BBQ was good , kind of sweet which I like .
Soft shell crab ; jumbo crab .
Called for a to - go order 7/17 : put on hold for 7min , gave up went elsewhere .
There was no red sauce as is typical for a true margherita pizza .
Had purchased a groupon ( $ 35 off bill ) earlier that day , as we were leaving town the next day .
The buffet is very reasonably priced and so I the regular dinner .
He also makes a point to know your name and shake your hand .
What Is It : It 's pretty much your traditional chicken parm only with veal instead of chicken .
The service was very slow .
Unfortunate for me the salsa sucked , I do not like chipotle flavored anything .
Did a tour here !
The only thing I 'd complain about is that the wait for the sushi bar is really long .
Highly recommended this for a special dining experience .
I only tried their ice cream I really wanted to try the hot chocolate but did n't get a chance :( .
An amazing experience !
We left with a tea cake in tow .
I could only eat half of my meal , since it is all very rich and heavy .
Dinner for 9 was just fantastic .
WELL fellow Yelpers ..
Very NOLA , classy , but still very fun , restaurant .
We heard the pizza here was great , so I ordered an individual of the State Street Special .
We tried a selection of dishes that we all shared .
There are winding paths ( nothing super strenuous ) , waterfalls , and beautiful greenery and flowers everywhere .
The dumplings themselves were divine as well , packed with meat and flavor .
The menu offers an eclectic mix and it all looked amazing !
They 'll let you know exactly how long it 'll be ready in and the price is decent .
A little bit pricey but totally worth it .
I will say our server was very good .
I found it interesting that the staff chose to sit a group of 3 in an area that could have sat 6 + .
Now this is where it goes down hill .
the fish is not breaded / fried and it tastes very fresh , citrusy and the slaw gives it great crunch .
The setting is beautiful it feels very retro with the old fans , tin roofs , and dark wood .
The staff can be hit or miss , but if you have enough beers or margharitas it does n't matter .
Giving it a 5because our waiter Colton was superb .
I only left 1 star because there is no option for no stars .
Their food is average at best .
On our 2nd visit my girlfriend found a small stone in the appetizer - almost like a piece of gravel .
The salads are n't bad , either .
i only say that it 's steep at $ 9 because you do n't get much in quantity , but it 's fair considering the cost of avocados .
My family orders from here all the time always amazing food and super quick delivery ! ! !
We were there on a quiet day for lunch .
We had lunch there , and my soup came out in a to - go container on a plate meant to stay in the restaurant .
The staff was super friendly and the food amazing .
I do n't mind paying for a good meal , but that lack of salad and bread was disappointing .
There are so many flavors going on in this chaat , many of them I 'm not accustomed to together .
It 's a smaller size bar , but its so quaint & has a speak easy feel once inside .
I had a small cup of corn and crab soup which is fantastic but the portion was quite small .
They work hard and they keep the place acceptably tidy .
Had a vegan chicken burger and it was delicious !
I 'll say that the burger meat itself was cooked to perfection ( medium ) with some great smokey flavor .
I drive by this location often while on the road for work and decided to make a go for it today .
Also , the service was very slow .
unfortunately , my reason to go there was to decommission some research equipment at the olin Brass Metals research Lab .
The staff seemed very friendly and eager to serve , which was a good thing .
It may sound small or silly , but it makes this location stand out from the rest .
The dining room is rather small .
Overall not a bad place .
If you want the real deal , you wo n't find it in Brentwood .
He also does n't understand that of a customer comes in close to closing time you do n't tell them to hurry up .
Tonight I was really disappointed .
We just had the best experience at Brick City Eatery !
Great place for dinner ! !
The chef 's sushi lunch special is a great deal .
I 'm going to have to steer my boss clear of it next time we dine out .
It 's been a year or three but I remember this being so much better .
Staff is attentive and friendly .
I 've been here several times throughout the years .
I have to say the one thing about Joeybs that you get is great consistency from the food to the wonderful staff .
We thought about ordering food , but saw what what other people were eating and decided to pass .
$ 100 per person but it was worth it .
It was perfect and will be back before the end of our trip .
Do n't go there for food .
We had our FOUR - MONTH old son in a car seat .
Fresh jalapeños , black beans , and the perfect amount of cheese made them a delight .
A great addition to my farmer 's market experience .
Nothing like sitting by a fireplace on a chilly night , listening to live music coming from the bar .
I had the beef burger and parm fries that were delicious .
Just seemed less than restaurant - y.
Chicken salad sandwich was very tasty and Kale and Quinoa Salad was enjoyed by someone in our group .
One drawback was our particular server .
Ordered two donuts , two sliders , waffle cheese fries and iced tea .
I got the miso ramen and it was perfect .
The service was great , and the recommendations were spot on .
As unassuming as it looks , this particular South Philly Mexican place is worth stopping by .
The drunken mussels were delicious - the broth was incredible and I appreciated the toast to soak it up !
The food was fresh and the pita tasted like they just made and was a nice side dish .
So if you are one of the people trying to figure out if you should go to Peg Leg or Edleys , my vote is Edley 's .
I 've been to different Capriottis locations before , and have always had stellar sandwiches .
Downside : we waited an hour for food and about a half hour for a table which is ok I guess were not impatient THE PROBLEM .
I was starving and it was a good sized bowl , especially for the price , but I have to say that it left much to be desired .
The salsa was bland , and made out of canned tomatoes .
We both ordered drinks , got an appetizer , and two entrees .
The store is clean .
Cafe Con Leche on Saturday morning is the best with cheese toast .
I 'd advise going down to Giorgio 's on the circle for a better NY pizza experience .
Took it off the check though , so that 's good I guess .
I asked about it and he said the chef could leave it out .
We have been here twice for brunch and have enjoyed it immensely .
My burger was juicy and very nicely seasoned .
We had a cheesesteak with fried onions , mozzarella sticks , onion rings , and a pizza steak .
One of my favorite restaurants in port Richmond / fishtown ...
Nice atmosphere ... terrible bland food ... low moral staff .... tourist spot .
I 'm a vegetarian so there is n't much for me here .
I also tried putting it on top of the taco shell sideways and eating it , but that was n't successful , either .
The food is hearty and the variety is interesting , especially the soups .
I 've done take - out from this restaurant several times when I 'm in this part of Philly .
The grilled chicken country breakfast plate is delicious .
Ordered a take out pizza last week and I was not disappointed .
Bottom line : It 's crowded but worth it .
My wife had the Ensinada fish taco ( Baja style grilled ) .
Came here on a Friday morning while staying in Clearwater and only had to wait 15 minutes or so .
Fine , I went with the dark roast .
However , I add roasted mushrooms because I just think mushrooms belong on everything !
The white trash hash blew my mind and it 's the only thing I remember .
Next was the smoked bacon .
I honestly think I 've found a new favorite weekend spot .
We stayed here for our anniversary and recommend it to anyone looking for a great location , and great place to stay on Bourbon !
Anyway the staff is really nice and attentive , I like the oysters on the half shell & the wine list is great .
My husband and I were underwhelmed with the food at Porcini .
Like an episode of Kitchen Nightmares- I kept looking around for Gordon Ramsay .
We decided to go to Singha for lunch during the week .
Here 's a suggestion ... you can take that gravy and seal some loose wallpaper with it ... butter and syrup will do just fine ....
the pretzels and other such happy hour eats were all decent , but again nothing earth - shattering ....
After a day of family theatrics and no lunch , we were famished , and begging vegetarians in New Orleans can not be choosy .
I recommend this restaurant to everyone and we will be back next time we 're in town !
We chose where we wanted to be seated and started off with the pretzel appetizer .
I really appreciate that the rice they served with the curry was a good hefty helping and not dry like other places .
I tried the cronuts a few weeks ago and they were bomb !
Bad food and bad service .
We tried a few different dishes .
It 's the bread they use .
He proceeded to scold me about how he only got it two minutes ago and it will be done when its done .
I got the pho , which was very good , although the broth was a bit stronger in terms of a meaty taste that I was n't used to .
Really great part ?
I got the duck confit salad .
Came in here after our red - eye flight .
I make a point of it to come here every single time I 'm in Santa Barbara .
We sought clarification and the waiter was indeed wrong and did not understand the set menu .
We wanted to support this local restaurant but have n't been impressed .
My friends had the fajitas and the steak was cooked perfect .
We ended up getting desert - key lime pie and chocolate strawberry cheesecake .
However , this location ( & plenty of parking ) does make it a much more convenient local option for Indian takeout .
Cheesecake was great .
Shared an Italian Caesar salad -- little heavy on dressing but loved the anchovies !
* * Beware -- it seems that on busy nights they automatically add 18 % gratuity to your check .
The brownie and the pies are delicious .
Washington Square casual experience coupled with it 's nearby neighbor Varga for the rowdier experience .
If you 're looking to get tomato pie , it 's sacrilege to go anywhere else for it !
The fried catfish was like being at someone 's house for a fish fry and the stuffed crab had lots of crab meat .
There was a reason this place had plenty of open tables while the rest of the boardwalk was packed .
The seaweed salad was a bit pricey ( $ 6 ) and nothing special compared to other places where you can get it for $ 3 - 4 .
I had the yellow fin tuna , which was the fish of the day .
Had a wonderful early dinner there Monday night .
We started with the Crawfish Beignet , which is really not so much a Beignet , but excellent none the less .
They said they were understaffed and there was staff sitting in the dining room on laptops .
I do my own grinding and the coffee is absolutely delicious .
Took a friend from out of town here in key and I just loved it .
I 've been known to eat there multiple times a day .
Chef gone home ...
For longest time it was basically just a Delaware treat but so happy it is so many more places now .
They are about as big as an Entemans donut and they are indeed light tasting although I 'm sure not light in calories .
Wow -- big portion !
the service was friendly enough , the food was piping hot , and the roti was delicious !
Never saw anyone even sit at the table while we were waiting for our Uber .
The highlight for me was the " takes three days to prepare " Pollo Fito .
So she brought me a jar of tabasco .
Now the fancies that we 're currently binge - ing on are freaking amazing .
The burger deal is absolutely fantastic , and the burgers are delicious !
Been eating this stuff most of my life and I 'm pretty sure it 's been the same exact product that whole time .
Hmmm where do I start , the sauce was so thick and gooey , I think he just poured a bottle of hoisin sauce and that was it .
The Shrimp po boy was good .
I ca n't say enough nice things about this place !
It was hopping due to the seafood festival on the same weekend but the staff acted like it was a normal crowd .
The staff was friendly .
She did a great job .
The inside has only has a few tables and there are a few wooden picnic tables outside .
Coming from a NYC sweets - hater - these donuts are DIVINE .
The food is simply delicious !
You know you 're in the right place when it 's packed with the locals .
No 5 stars : bathroom smells and no napkins .
The bleu cheese on the 96 burger was so creamy and made such a great combo with the meat .
Can tell that the staff / chefs are still working out the kinks ( took a while for the food ) but the taste and beers were awesome !
This small place is very kid friendly which is a plus .
My personal faves were the cauliflower ( I know , but it was soooo good ) and the little steak bits with bleu cheese crumbles .
Overall I think this place needs more recognition , it seemed very un - busy for a Saturday holiday .
I ca n't believe this place is still in business .
I ordered the ribeye medium - rare for dinner .
The only negative thing I can say is that if dining atmosphere is important to you then you will be disappointed .
Its a pub atmosphere but the service does n't treat you like it .
My husband and I split a salad and a beer and they split them both !
Some how received undercooked inedible Fries , one well done burger and one burger medium rare ....
After returning from France I was absolutely dying for a decent croissant .
She ordered the pulled pork sandwich and liked it .
If there 's a fight going on , this is a good place to watch it as they consistently have them unlike other places .
definitely do n't skip over this lil place .
The noodle dishes are sometimes bright and fresh , but other times are soggy and boring .
Also .... why do I have to pay $ 23 for parking ?
My amazing race try out partner and I had one of our regular lunches here on a sunny Saturday .
The reason I gave them 4 stars is because the manager was rude .
I was nearby and decided to give them a second chance .
Captain Bill 's had menu choices for everyone in our party , and they even made some ingredient substitutions for us .
We came between brunch and dinner , so ate at bar .
The first time they did n't even take my order for 15 minutes as I sat at the speaker .
One of the best hoagies I 've ever had .
The front of the house was outstanding .
The portions were small for those used to large meals but for us , it was perfect .
Overall , I 'd say this is a safe bet when you 're downtown , and I think it would taste even better at 3 am .
He told me he would credit the extra $ 7 for the shrimp tempura from my next order .
The prices were good .
I love this place , too bad I only go about 4 times a year .
Service horrible .
There 's some pies and small sandwiches as you move along and lastly the soups .
So it wo n't be a place that we would frequent with any regularity , but I would n't hesitate to go again
I am confident that the servers and kitchen staff were amazing as always , but we never found out .
It was n't drinkable and the server did n't offer to make me another one or to take it off the bill .
4 ) Course 4- is a choice between beef or lamb and since I do n't do red meat , I passed on this .
Just do n't go when you 're in a hurry .
I highly recommend Bamboo House and wish the had a location on the north side of Indianapolis so I could have it more often !
Secondly , the bread , which was very good , came with butter , and not Olive Oil .
We were served with only one bowl of tortilla chips with no refills offered .
Now that we tasted most of the menu , the standouts for me were the brisket , ribs , and spinach .
Hope to on the next trip .
I have been to this place multiple times and I have never been disappointed .
It was pretty empty when we first arrived but could have been due to the weather .
The line was long , because they only have 1 register , no menu board on the wall or anything .
Beautiful day when I went .
Forever grateful for that as there are only two big tables for two parties out back .
The veal chop was sublime and the rib eye perfectly done .
Pathetic service .
My family was more than satisfied !
Can not wait to try dinner here .
Not a very good choice nor taste was but the lemon vinaigrette was very good .
I have to take a minute to talk about Camilla , our server .
I was n't as impressed with this one .
The cornmeal pancakes had just the right amount of everything ...
I think the slices were like $ 3.25 except the cheese one which was about $ 2.50ish .
We split 5 pies and had more than enough food for everyone .
You can tell that everyone working there is passionate about food , and it shows in the quality of their dishes .
The cocktail -- created special for the event , I think -- was fantastic ( and I 'm not usually a cocktail kind of guy ... ) .
Connecting doors are very poorly insulated .
Also big props to our awesome server ; she was hilarious .
There was a wide selection of desserts .
The wings had an odd taste that I did not enjoy and could not identify .
In the end , dinner is served and without ever paying a bridge toll to Philly 's real Tony 's .
There was no room for us to switch spots so I said no and continued to try to watch the " show . "
Had the chicken wing .
I have been to NOLA many times and I ca n't believe I have never stumbled in to the bar at Muriel 's .
We had the pork belly , the wings and the chicken club and I can honestly say it was the best meal I 've had so far in STL .
The food was very flavorful , the fresh ingredients really popped .
I like how their salsa tastes a bit smoky as though they put a little chipotle in it .
I also drove about 15 - 20 min just to get there so waste of time and gas .
I 've eaten here twice and was impressed by the food both times .
Super nice service both times .
Our little one was too rambunctious , so be got our dinner to go .
I first moved to the area in 2012 and found out about RJs and have been a loyal customer ever since !
TRY USING A NAPKIN . '' As I looked behind him to mounds of extra paper containers .
When we requested they honor the gift card the manager refused to do so .
I feel bad I went in a couple months ago and forgot to review .
The taste was excellent on all three .
This is one of the best brunch places in the city .
I loved the atmosphere here .
Floors looked clean.outside looked clean .
We ordered the salmon and the steak , both expensive but worth it .
Everything here is served a la carte .
I greatly appreciate her kindness and patience to my older parents .
The management is absolutely wonderful , they saw me waiting for my food to come out and brought me a complimentary thai tea .
With the warm donuts , I could not discern a difference between the two I tried , although they were different colors .
They only had one flavor ...
It was nice that we were offered pocky sticks to add to our krem creation .
I went when they first opened and I did n't want to judge too harshly because it 's a new place .
My mom always get the shrimp fried rice and in my opinion , I would n't get it because it was too plain ?
Favorite cocktails are the Earl Grey and the Minor Swing margarita
The octopus appetizer came out zooming fast , which made me think it was re - heated .
We probably should have just stopped there , but ordered lunch .
Just a suggestion ... when you order anything make sure to ask if there is an extra charge .
It is my new lunch spot .
The flavor was also delicious !
When your waitress says " the kitchen is crashing and burning " you know this is n't going to go well .
Very polite , responsive and quick service .
Went to Oliver 's with a party of 8 .
Tables were nicely separated and chairs / booths were comfortable .
I honestly ca n't think of one good reason to even try this restaurant .
Everyone is nice that works here and It is truly the perfect Sunday brunch food !
Calamari was the best I 've had in Florida and the oysters ( blue points ) were as fresh as could be .
That being said the food left me thinking I was nt tasting it right .
Freshest , most generous cuts of nigiri and sashimi .
I did like the pistacio gelato .
If you love pizza like I do ... this is the place to come .
REALLY below average food .
Service : The staff was upbeat and pleasant .
I opted not to get a dollar out to stuff in her skirt or whatever .
Then asked us if we needed anything and immediately replaced what was missing and on top of that added some more .
The acoustics in the theater are pretty good and you really can hear the actors project from any where in the room .
A man seated in a booth behind me was having the same problem .
I had some luck on the Breakfast at Tiffany 's slot machine and as a lover of the movie , it was a fun one to play .
I had the cilantro chicken enchiladas .
Second course I chose the baked brie .
So we decided to have dinner that weekend .
I stopped by Mel 's for a late lunch and got the turkey club .
Very fresh and tasty but chinsy on the meat ( I had the roast beef and cheese primo ) .
I got sick on the 2nd and today is the 5th , I woke up this morning feeling amazing ...
The pizza I would rate a 2 .
The beers were great as usual .
A bit overpriced maybe ( $ 6 a piece ) , but delicious .
The service is hit or miss , they are never rude , they just do n't come by often .
Wish this place was in the Bay Area .
The shredded pork is great as well .
My chicken tikka masala was phenomenal , as I was able to customize the spiciness ( many places around here do n't ask ) .
The meat itself was pretty good , but I did n't like that the bottom of the sandwich was soggy because of the cole slaw .
Really wanted to like this based on the glowing reviews .
From the outside you can see the tanks of fresh Abalone , Dungeness Crab , and the infamous Spider Crab .
It 's a mix of cozy yet somewhat modern .
So he went back to get them and when he was walking to the window he just hand me the hot fries in this hands .
And while our waiter was very good , we were also never offered a wine list .
They renew the interior and kitchen and it 's looks great !
and did n't feel like an adequate apology on a $ 45 breakfast .
When the food came ( sooner than expected ) , the portions were fairly generous .
So fun to eat .
At this point we decided that we did not want to give our money to a racist establishment .
This place was small but the service was very quick !
The actual food is good , but the burritos are a little small for the price .
Oh how I have loved you for almost 10 years now .
Food was tasty enough ..
Once she came , we decided to order drinks , apps and dinner all at once due to the long wait time just for introductions .
Texas Wieners has been around since before we all started giggling at the word " wiener " .
We got appetizers and the food was fine - not great but typical .
This is a restaurant to try in Indianapolis with friends or family with excellent service ; however , the food was only average .
I have just four words to say : Truffle Oil French Fries .
Went with a group of friends to see Jacque Taylor & The Real Deal Band The regulars were friendly and the service prompt .
THE GOOD : great food for a decent price .
I 've eaten at this location countless times and it is always perfect !
The food is Cajun , which is a bit spicy , but not too hot .
They were nice to give us a party room semi private area .
I had one piece that was under a heat lamp and was so warm and delicious !
It 's one of those places you end up at once or twice a year when you do n't feel like driving any distance .
First there were four tables full and we made the fifth .
and I 'm not even a vegetarian ! !
Kind of sad that there is Q around the corner and Khyber .
After that , we had a free appetizer on our phone .
This is a somewhat new area for restaurants in Reno , it works !
The customer service here is tops , all the staff members are so cheerful and pleasant .
though , i felt like a bit of a freak sitting at the bar eating my burger with a knife and a fork .
I got " the veg " and the spicy fries .
Every time I go , they never have adequate staffing and the staff always complain that they 've been short - staffed all day .
I just got home after ordering takeout and I ordered the buffalo grilled chicken wrap .
My only problem is that I called in my order and they told me 15 minutes .
A little bit out of the way and totally unassuming from the outside , but do n't let that deter you .
Maybe I 'm weird for thinking it 's weird but I ended up waiting until I got home to go .
You look around and it 's definitely more of an older crowd .
As we left , I suggested we only come here again for appetizers .
My friend ordered sliders and I ordered the Portobello mushroom burger and both were amazing ! !
It usually pretty full , but they usually seem to have a table available for me ( Yay ! ) .
I do n't remember bar names too well , if you ask me if I ve been to Rotten Ralph 's , I 'd tell you : never heard of it !
The grilled ribeye was cooked more medium when asked medium rare but it was a great tasting steak .
The kids had burgers and was satisfied .
The chicken was over cooked , and the fries were so hard and overcooked that they were hollow on the inside .
When the plate arrived , I did not think I would eat the whole thing , but I could n't stop .
The fudge is awesome .
I 'm not a big fan of sushi , sashimi or maki , but I really enjoy their rice bowls and tempura .
It was very creamy and was a great sized portion .
And no have a good day , thank you , nothing .
I know it 's not breakfast food but it was nearly noon and that sandwich is hard to deny .
The treats are obviously made with a large amount of attention to detail but this place is definitely not pocketbook friendly !
It 's got very modern decor .
At this time , I have to say : especially if you are like me and must have vegetarian options , Moon 's is a great option in Boise .
Girls at front were awesome .
The spring rolls were fresh and tasty and the Mongolian bed was spot on , not too spicy but certainly not bland .
WHOA - We are WAITING for YOU to take our order .
Kitschy fun at its best .
For the end of the vacation , we ( me and the ex- ) were tired , and this was the perfect prescription for relaxation .
No one supervising at all in that area .
My favorite spot in town to grub at .
This is not a place to go to for lunch or supper .
That said , I feel like the quality and service make it very worth it .
The fancy cone only is available in large but it was a very yummy cone .
The food is good -- not fancy , not at all pretentious - but good .
I call them the paprika potatoes , because it was caked on them - there were not many other flavors .
Our group had a variety of steaks , and all of them were simply great .
I got there at 11:30 am , and although the food is still good , I am sad to say the level of service has plummeted .
This time of day they only had plain slices and would add whatever you like .
I created a Yelp account just to write about how horrible the service is at this Cosi .
For our mains I had a shrimp , crab , and cavatelli étouffée .
The seating out back is beautiful on a breezy night .
We refer so many people to this restaurant because we know they are always consistent .
We waited for 30 minutes for a table , but it is worth it .
I had the chicken cutlet which also was great ! !
The art in all the conference rooms was gorgeous but it was so cold in all of them that I left my meeting to go defrost .
Close your doors if you ca n't renovate !
Berlin Doener was worth the trip .
Speaking of food it 's flat out bland , inconsistent and cold ! ?
All of the side items are delicious , you literally ca n't go wrong .
Make sure to ask your waiter about the history behind the name " Three Flags " !
If it is going to be fried , then it 's just salmon .
I 'll give kudos to the Mongolian Chicken - it was quite good ; well fried & seasoned perfectly .
Louis was finally getting an izakaya restaurant .
We stopped at this Roadhouse while on vacation in Tennessee .
Inside there are a couple of seats at the counter and a wide window well that two people could sit in .
My bud had the fish special , serving was a bit small but delish he said .
This happened at least 5 times .
Unfortunately , the food was not very good .
We had kale salad with ahi tuna .
Staff seems so shy n very quiet .
It can get loud and difficult to have a conversation sometimes .
First the server brought out the wrong wine for my sisters ( they got a red cab Mendoza , a white Chardonnay was delivered ) .
Great meal and great service .
Such a great spot to sit , drink , and hear live music from the street :)
My friend got a flat steak ( Carne Asada ) that I think he ate in just under 10 seconds .
It was really good and a good sized portion .
This was more of just a normal sandwich on nice thick bread .
My fiancé and I use to go here for dates when we started dating .
I had the lunch special with moon and crab dumplings , my entree was the Indonesian peanut noodles .
Inside is very clean and modern decor .
I was n't crazy about the egg roll .
The filling to bread ratio was good and my dining buddies appreciated that the herbs and jalepenos came on the side .
I had originally requested the sweet onion crepe and pistachio dessert and told the chef that " I like meat . "
They have High Life , and the food 's not bad either .
First , I understand it was Sunday night before Fat Tuesday and our waitress was working back to back 12 shifts .
Yikes , I just got that hard nasty piece of chicken that usually ruins Chinese restaurants for you .
My filet was cooked perfectly and the side of green beans was delicious an lightly sautéed .
Got to sample a wide variety of their food , and each dish was better than the next .
About half the tables were occupied with people talking and eating , it 's a neighborhood spot .
The waitress was friendly and remotely knowledgeable about beer and what was available / comparable , so that was a plus too .
We enjoyed the fountain while enjoying our meal of turkey chili and the NY steak dinner .
That seems to be the only downside .
I went with the recommended meatloaf ... and was not disappointed !
The chicken is the best chicken I have ever eaten anywhere .
Combine that with their perfect execution of my special orders , and it 's safe to say I 'll be ordering from here again !
The food runners wander around the dining area looking for your number .
Do n't come in here with a large group because only 4 - 5 people can fit in this place before it gets too cramped .
Now , I am no shrinking violet , but this guy looked like he 's slap his own mother .
Do nt let the fact that its dead smack on Bourbon Street put you off ....... Desire is a Jewel .... Guaranteed .
My wife had the salmon which looked slightly overcooked but she was fine with it .
My only complaint is the dining room is small and during dinner time there is a long wait for food and sometimes a seat .
Definitely not as good as the crab cakes .
Gave the server three chances to apologize or offer something for the returned half touched plate , but got nothing .
We especially love the cheese spatzle , but honestly we 've liked almost everything we 've tried .
Tried the cheesesteak , Italian hoagie and mozzarella fries .
Food was EXCELLENT .
Food was excellent .
This place was pretty good .
That said , I did not eat here , went up the street to eat .
But the dining room was empty .
It was one of the best dinners I 've had in a really long time .
Very helpful staff .
Then told my father in law , the senior , to pay on his own .
On only our second visit , Pamela immediately brought the same drink order we had at our previous visit .
The only thing I did n't care for was the sausage burrito .
Our waitress was efficient , and friendly .
The staff were borderline brain dead and had no knowledge of their drinks .
But for the overall experience , I 'd say it 's good , but it 's not the hype people make it to be , but I 'd def go back
First timers in the area and went on yelp and say the 10 for 5 coupon and decided to give it a try .
Nice guy .
The food : we started with Grouper Nuggets and they were amazing .
The owners used to own and run S&K noodles up in Sparks and it was the best before they sold that location .
Top - notch facilities , and top - of - the - line instruction from Tim Miles of Coyote Springs ( he 's the best in the business ) .
This afternoon my wife took my two boys ( 3 and 17 months ) out with a friend 's family that 's visiting from out of town .
My hubbie likes to think of himself as a pizza connoisseur they serve pizza , he 's probably eaten there .
The onion rings were nice and crispy , the fries were well seasoned , and the burger was on point .
This was by far the worst dinner I have ever had .
My friends thought that it was a one time treat yourself to a nicer dinner so we each got our own desserts too .
Their pizza is amazing the BBQ chicken is my favorite of their specialty pies .
The calamari appetizer was wonderful .
the atmosphere is lovely .
Love Panda , this location has serious management issues .
The only thing was good was the salad The rice hace water from the shrimp on the bottom of the plate .
Have not eaten much duck in local restaurants but this was an excellent way to eat that fowl .
The hashbrowns are the reason to go ...
I did the Voodoo Love massage and bath .
Thank goodness these recliners are big enough so that you are not rubbing elbows with the stranger sitting next to you .
They also have Boylan 's fountain soda which is really just to die for .
Hellas is a very large restaurant .
The location seems a little off the map but once you arrive there are no worries .
Thank you for the amazing service !
The service was great , too .
Loved the atmosphere here .
Homemade everything from the bar to the pizza to the pasta and meats .
Went today with my GF for brunch .
The two tacos were large .
Get a different job if you do n't like what your doing Danielle !
The management clearly cares deeply about the business and its reputation .
I ordered recently and was given the wrong order .
This is essentially a sort of seafood stew with oysters , crab claws , shrimp , and redfish , and it 's absolutely delicious .
The food is great and the space and staff are very pleasant .
We were going to be driving back to Tampa and wanted to stop somewhere for lunch .
I 'm usually a big fan but today am disappointed .
I could not find a place on the website to enter the promo code , so I called the phone number provided .
follow those rules and sam wo n't kick you out .
Still not exactly what I 'm looking for but gave 5 stars for being the best chinese I 've had in Tampa .
Did n't make it to the main venue , but had lunch at the Den while in town for a conference at the convention center .
Now it seems the restaurant owners ca n't decide whether to be a restaurant or an appetizer bar .
Biggest headache of my life .
The service was great .
Everything we had was a three point buzzer beater ..... clutch .
I visited Herbies at their new location for the first time this past Sunday evening .
Too bad they had to serve food here .
My kids loved it , and I thought it was good , but my wife was only partially impressed .
Had the crab pretzel and it was awesome ! !
She recommended the snapper dish .
However , my meal was not the best ever - that was a place called Django near South Street a decade ago and far less expensive .
( Negative- they could have been a tad quicker- I 've been twice now and both times have taken a bit longer than I would like ) .
A few pairs were the wrong size ( 3 of 8) , but it was easy enough to resolve .
The salsas are super spicy and really good ok everything .
They have a limited choice in spirits , but what sets them apart is the rare and exotic choices .
The spring rolls mentioned in other reviews were truly beautiful looking , but without the peanut sauce they were flavorless .
It is one of the BEST places off the beaten path of the main beach strip in Santa Barbara .
I cut the pizza in half , lifted it a little bit and slanted it so some of the excess could run off ....
The friendliest and most welcoming staff I 've ever encountered .
They were a little sweet for my taste and could have been better with fruit on top but otherwise , they were good !
The bacon potato salad was good but , the sandwich seemed basic .
Walked in to pickup my online order & the place was humming .
Went there last night with a party of 6 .
I 'll leave that up to the other reviewers .
The hostess who was very nice told us 20 - 25 minutes for indoor or we could be seated immediately outdoor .
The food is superb !
( A bouncer does a very detailed pat down ) .
We had a group of 17 peeps here from Cali .
I know the real taste in Japanese food , because I 'm from Japan .
This place is so great .
I do n't care too much about that as long as I do n't have to wait forever for my food to be ready .
We had the beef nihari , palak paneer , and naan .
A good place .
But because of overcrowding , we had to sit communally with two other couples .
Honestly I liked it better than most dairy shakes I 've had .
I 'm not sure I 'd go here for the food , though the Groupon made it better .
The wait was worth it .
For example I had to tell one person my order 3 times and when I repeated myself they seemed like I was imposing on them .
A lot of Indonesian people were there and a few yelpers .
It 's a charming little spot with AMAZING food .
Same for the salads and sandwiches .
There are two sides -- dining side and cafeteria side .
The ceiling tiles stained !
and too much cheese .
Awful service .
This place was delicious .
I had the carne asada bowl and tried the cheese fries .
Thankfully they had no interest In trying mine ! ! !
The potatoes were not so great but edible nonetheless .
Like it is a kid size .
Their mashed potatoes are basically " we cooked this potato in enchanted salt water and literally smashed it onto your plate . "
No matter how hard you try , your kids talk you into making poor choices .
Was n't a fan of the jalapeño coleslaw , but it 's not creamy so it 's just different .
The rye was lightly crisped for that satisfying crunch .
My issue there is the lack of cleanliness .
For dessert we had shared tiramisu - which normally I 'm not a fan of but GOD was that good .
She was very tentative , we never had to ask for a refill , not even once .
I love that they have a pick 2 option - so my husband and I both opted for soup and sandwiches .
I eat here pretty often and that 's always a problem .
Been there twice because it use to be right around the corner .
Very good food .
To see this beautiful building on the inside and to see it renovated was a real treat .
I still go there every now and again because some of the folks I work with love it , but I do n't personally recommend it .
However , the fish tacos were pretty good .
It is consistently fabulous from start to finish .
My burger was not how I requested .
This location does a brisk take - out business , but it 's also a casual place to dine alone or with a friend .
New to the area , been here twice so far and both times very good !
This spot would be ideal if you want to grab something on the go for lunch but you do n't really care how good it taste .
Thank you , Swegs , for serving convenient , tasty , healthy food at a great price !
Saw this while walking the mall and figured let 's check it out !
Food was seriously average .
The guacamole was very good , however my chicken tacos could have been better .
Cheapest city - wides this side of the Schuylkill .
If it was 10:35 , I would understand it , or if we were n't already waiting in line before 10:30 .
In fact it is truly vegetarian .
Well surprise ; you 're at a Casino and you 're gambling so drinks are free !
This place has a very unique feel .
For the second course , I had the Sea Bream which I recommend the dish wholeheartedly .
My friends came over and we had the gumbo and as the waiter called it " Slap your grandma seafood bisque " .
We said , " no " and our waitress said , " I will ask her again to come out and talk to you . "
My father and I love lighthouses and found ourselves gravitating to this restaurant despite its heavy tourist location .
Not entirely a deal breaker for me , as the flavor is actually really good .
Banana foster , Germantown Benedict and coffee are all amazing .
This is a fun little bar that seems like it might be the kind of place to really let loose .
They have good music and I think because they are new they were not terribly crowded .
The blackened grouper was cooked perfectly as was the grilled crab cake .
I 'm usually off put by the frufru places , but this place somehow manages to be frufru but casually welcoming at the same time ?
And while most of the time , they move a little slowly , at intermission ?
The food was so delicious from the Mr. B 's shrimp , garlic chicken to desert .
Splurge for the wagyu filet , it 's worth it .
And the pasta was overcooked .
Our waitress Cindy was very warm , friendly and did a great job !
* Praline cookies - these were decent , but not the best I 've ever had .
Normally our experience has always been good .
The waitress is extremely friendly and welcoming .
The heat of the pizza warmed both up nicely .
The food here is just like waking up from a long awaited nap after the heat of battle .
I like that the booth style seats have been replaced by tables and chairs , this is much easier to navigate .
I asked for cucumber as substitute .
I just tried it for the first time and was super impressed !
Bread pudding with praline sauce was a perfect complement to the meal , as was the Cafe du Monde coffee with the dessert .
One of my favorite places in town !
The gentleman collecting the plates dropped a dirty knife on my cream colored shirt .
Family - owned , with everything homemade and carefully crafted with love and care .
Some of their drinks may be a little steep , but in my experience $ 7 for a good Michelada is not unheard of .
Chose the place based on Yelp reviews , so thank you !
Give me the sandwiches ...
The vermicelli tastes great and the chicken is so tender .
This has easily become our favorite Mexican restaurant !
The salad was very good and the size was perfect .
The broth was so bland though which was a bummer .
The pizza is as close as you 'll get to a slice of jersey style pizza .
I stopped by Veekoo on my way to the Outlets .
The gorganzola filet with wine sauce was truly outstanding .
The minute you walk in , you feel the energy and excitement of this great city .
Then again I do n't like orange dreamsicles and this tasted just like one .
He also said he also liked the taste of the broth .
The steak was excellent and I should 've ordered 2 steak tacos .
And it makes my heart happy to get to see my little boy enjoying his birthday cake just like any other kid !
It was one of the best meals I 've had in a long time .
I do n't feel as if this is a good place for large groups ... the seating just really does n't accommodate so half our party left .
He did a great job .
The fried oysters were not good .
Great prompt service and excellent menu .
The ravioli and steak special was very good and a great deal ( $ 13.99 ) .
This was literally the worst sushi I ve ever had .
It would be a great date spot !
The staff were friendly and helpful .
So I called HWK , which I 've been dying to try since I drove by and spied their sweet space on Manchester .
I love this place so much .
I got the beet and goat cheese salad which was sub par .
I DO understand that they are there to make things better for those who are in wheelchairs or who ca n't walk stairs .
Chicken wings won a award and deserved it .
The hashbrowns we 're better than the ones at WaHo and if you know me , you know my love for WaHo hashbrowns !
She took my plate again and went back to the kitchen .
I 've also attended a private dining event which was beautiful !
This came with tzatziki sauce , hummus , red onion , pickle , tomato and romaine .
If hubby and I have a date anywhere in the vicinity of lunch , we go here .
The veggies that came with the dish were nice though .
Down south I 'm a bit of a expert ( always order all flats and get them wet ) .
Do n't be scared by the downtrodden look of the place and the drive through only .
I have n't spent enough time here to give it a real honest assessment , but I like what I 've seen so far .
However , what I really love is the garden area in the center of Opryland .
Like the outdoor seating .
I 've eaten here and gotten food via the drive - thru many times , and the food has always been fine .
Pastries ( had the croissant , eclair , cannoli ) are okay but nothing amazing .
My meal was Chicken Hibachi and I liked it , again average .
Seems like a better deal unless you land on smirnoff ice .
The tuna is brown , the jalapeños are not fresh .
Read about this location on yelp and looking for a good hearty breakfast .... great choice .
I always liked it and remember the food being very good with a decent atmosphere too .
I ordered the # 17 combination plate , in which I had a red chili chimichanga along with refried beans and rice .
We had 2 different servers , as we stayed for a long time and the first waitress was getting off .
I was just visiting St Louis / Clayton for a business trip .
I also had the Cajun red fish .
Its unfortunate that this restaurant has to hire such terrible people ...
I also ordered some great octopus sashimi , mackerel nigiri , & white tuna nigiri .
My family and I love Mae 's and what makes it better are the prices .
I had to ask our waiter after about 15 minutes if he could bring us a couple ice buckets for the table .
It was a pleasant surprise to see giant blueberries on the accompanying salad , as I was n't expecting it in february .
Most importantly the service was great .
The seitan wings & seitan nachos are so good !
Not poor food , just very blah .
The chopped salad , while tasty , was a bit disappointing .
We paid $ 50 with tip for 2 entrees , 2 appetizers , and 2 thai iced teas .
This is my first time in New Orleans and I had to come here to try their beignets .
Ordered the custom guacamole and red snapper ceviche .
My scallops practically melted off my fork .
Super sweet super helpful and the restaurant is so clean .
The margarita was the worst I 've ever had .
He literally threw a cork screw at me for me to open my own wine bottle .
I thought I would never get out of that place !
Co - driver a very picky eater and was very pleased with his pepperoni !
So I went back last night ....
Tonight there was no rice nor any shredded chicken , it had been replaced with chicken crisps .
I had the breakfast bomb with bacon .
We had not been to NO since Yelp was even developed , but have learned since to trust it 's reviews .
I am outraged at the poor ratings .
This place was so good .
I got the chicken tacos - it was a very big portion and was delicious .
The service was good and the food was good too .
We had a reservation for 6 but at the last minute we had another guest join us .
Great service , and good pizza .
My friend made me stay ...
Been to a ton of Thai restaurants in the USA and this ranks as my top
It 's huge and covered in queso , which is always fantastic .
This hidden gem is a real treat sometimes .
The management has now called me a " sad little man " in her response .
I have been going there since they opened I believe it 's about 2 or 3 years now ! !
Great service and free soup .
I do n't know , but for $ 35 I can eat at a decent restaurant .
Let 's just say we left with 5 to go bags .
Excited to go eat there next week .
Well ordered our food over phone says 25 min .
Just a warning , hers was much sweeter than mine because it had fro - yo and guava juice in the mix .
Let me preface this by saying I really had no idea who Kevin Sbraga was before this meal .
The beef was also dry and not very tender , almost like chipped beef .
We were here for lunch and were pleasantly surprised by their reasonable pricing and fresh ingredients .
Oh and ask for extra napkins cause they are one juicy and messy hamburger ..
Pancake wrapped pork was a new dish to us , and very good as well .
Ok , well I was in town and craving gumbo , fried chicken and sweet tea ...
We order from here at least once a week .
He is a very personable young man !
I went with the southern fried steak , biscuit , mashed potatoes and gravy and home fries .
We were clearly getting nowhere talking to her , as she was focused on leaving ( probably during work hours ) ...
The food is so - so at best .
The old bay " large " crabs were dry inside .
One bartender was sniffing the shakers and lining up the bar wares .
We ordered two grinder combos .
The tacos that come out of this truck are so good that we have stalked the truck on each side of town just to get our " fix " ..
By the time we left , the place had started to fill up , so get there early for a spot .
From service to food everything was just damn good !
Again , the server had no idea what he was talking about when he ordered the pancakes with bananas .
Other things on the menu are good though ... good beers on tap and great liquor selections !
The food surpassed all expectation .
* Oxtail was perfectly cooked , seasoned and a generous portion ! !
Love the seating outside ..
Went here before a show we were seeing in the University City area .
I ordered an egg sandwich along with it , but can not describe its flavor because I was too full to eat .
The cookie dough chocolate cupcake was especially good .
I do n't know how this place got so many good reviews .
Plus the women who work there have a bit of an attitude that reminds me of the soup place on Seinfeld .
And the prices during happy hour were a great deal .
If you are planning to eat here , and did n't come before opening , expect at least a 20 - 30 minute wait if you 're lucky .
While they gave me a generous helping of veggies , the piece of chicken " might " have been 3 oz .
Mayhaps I 'm old and set in my ways , but I just like the older locations better .
The egg and omelette platters are a very good deal and dang tasty .
I licked the plate .
The food was Ok , but I do n't believe I 'll be back .
Pretty cool place to come as a one time thing If you 're a Nashville tourist .
The atmosphere was even such that my eight weeks old son slept peacefully throughout the meal .
Friends moved to Jenkintown recently so we tried out this place for breakfast .
My wife had the Bananas Foster French Toast and loved every bite of it .
This place is so good just thinking about it makes me want to splooj .
You did innovative things with you beers , and you did them well .
Overall there prices are pretty good though .
The bread was soft , warm , and it soaked up the Italian seasoning with perfect absorbancy without going soggy .
Excellent lunch special and cheap bloody marys !
My boyfriend and I have lived in trolley square for about three months now and tend to stick to the same restaurants .
I found this place through yelp figured this place would be great , but boy I was wrong ...
Food here is tremendous .
Everything and I do mean everything cause I 've had the whole menu is great .
It 's a relatively small restaurant so if you need a table your more than likely going to have to wait .
I can only say that the tofu soup ( and everything else ) here always tastes so good .
I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken lunch , which came with soup , egg roll , and fried rice .
Not here , there was so much crab I do n't know if there was any breading .
She then asked if we can wait at the bar .
Now I do have the confess I do n't like carrots so I threw them all out so my sushi bowl was more like BBQ Beef bowl .
No wonder they changed their name , probably from all the bad reviews they received prior .
My cousin and I both got the Coco Feine , their specialty drink and recommended by the barista .
PLUS the decor is shall I say downright GAUDY .
I 'm a huge fan a mac n cheese and this has to be one of the best I 've eaten .
The white bread and ranch really brought it up another level though .
One low on personable and another just ditzy .
In the 5 - 10 minutes before we left , ' them ' did nothing and I ended up paying $ 70 for a pitiful attempt at barbecue .
Lots of romaine and a few shredded chips on top .
It really is all good for your health , and good health is good for your soul .
Had the chicken shawarma and it was fantastic !
I 've dined at so many of the 4 - 5 star places around here and have not been this impressed .
Also , the guys who work at the Foodery are all knowledgeable about beer , so if you have questions , do n't be afraid to ask .
To top it off , the beautiful Santa Barbara County day made the outdoor ambiance the most perfect date for my husband and I.
I was not happy with my experience .
Last night we ordered a 4 course tasting menu and it was amazing .
The sauce on the wings was not very good .
I 'd def recommend the red velvet and the BBQ shrimp if ya do n't mind getting ur fingers dirty .
The good stuff :
Awesome experience all the way around !
He even came out with two extra sides of tots and quickly brought her burger back .
Honey BBQ chicken wings were equally tasty
I HATE to bad mouth a place which is obviously a small business and in a super competitive market .
Kids working do n't pay attention to you and chat with each other .
Fried brussels sprouts are the bomb but look out for the tiny tiny seemingly harmless pieces of jalapeño in there !
High priced , but not top notch .
We shared the Appetizer platter that looked even better than online .
Last time I come here ever .
The first time I came there Brahim poured me some Moroccan mint tea that he brews and gives to customers .
The crusts are my favorite and are thin and nicely cooked .
They 're open till midnight on Thursdays , and 3 am on both Friday and Saturday , which is something I 'm happy to have discovered .
Chicken sliders , rigatoni bolognese and white crab pizza are all great .
The servers and staff are wonderful and very cheerful .
The sauce was a little too sweet , but mostly good .
Do not buy pizza here .
Love having breakfast here then going over to Sand Key to play on the beach !
It was very substantial , too , not what I was expecting for a " day of the week " special .
The Caesar salads were good .
I am kind of picky and I have been coming here for over 5 years .
Our agenda this last trip to Nashville was strictly going to see a show at the Opry .
We got the chicken tenders on sweet potato waffle and the crawfish etouffee on grits .
It seems smaller since the stores here also carry a large selection of beach - going items , and have an aisle solely for wine .
The service is n't the best and they do n't have a liquor license yet but who cares ?
A lot has changed since then .
While we did n't lay down a $ 200 deposit to guarantee a window seat , we did get one .
The prices are fair ( it was $ 28 for the two of us ) .
Everyone was happy with their food , and you ca n't really complain about a 2 for 1 Bloody Mary / Mimosa on a Sunday morning .
This time we ordered the crab balls .
My friends also seemed to enjoy their dishes .
Wait in line for pancakes ? ? ?
Service was a little hard to understand ( ESL ) , but not an issue .
The brussels were overcooked as well as the accompanying bacon .
Very friendly people & wonderful service .
Just do n't expect the greatest ... of course , the prices reflect that .
After a half hour wait my drinks were left off the order with said employee informing me that I did n't order drinks .
Just try all the appetizers , they are really cheap and small .
At any rate : I loved the pint room .
It 's my favorite Mexican grill by far .
They had a delicious selections .
The sauce was just right .
Worth the wait , the fish and grits were my favorite but the Gemantown West Benny was pretty good too !
The gordita was chewy and was the perfect vehicle for the tasty beans and cheese inside .
The pesto sauce was perfect , not overpowering the delicate pasta .
I only go later at night after 9:00 for happy hour ( $ 5 absolutes and $ 5 appetizers ) .
Facebook page said entertainment started at 5 till 8 got there about 5:30 no entertainment finally started at 6:30 .
Ordered the Classic Margarita pizza and it was fantastic !
Wonderfully busy yet graciously homey atmosphere .
I understand these things happen , yet the employees and manager made no attempts to make our experience better .
Completely bummed , I 've heard such great things from coworkers about this place .
Apparently visiting after dinner is a no - no .
Charleston She Crab soup and chicken salad on a croissant .
Very easy and free parking in the shopping center where they are located .
Living in Jacksonville , we miss a lot of the ethnic culture we had in our hometown of Cleveland .
And to add insult to injury are their sides !
It 's cute and diner - y inside with a lot of NOLA trinkets on the walls .
He was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu .
I also had the spiked apple cider , warm , but it was n't that great .
We came here for breakfast on a busy Sunday .
It 's insane how good this location could do if they got their act together .
Again it was n't much food and I did n't finish them .
There were two people cooking and one of them was also taking orders .
Perhaps my most memorable meal in New Orleans ... ever .
It was filled with grilled pork and some fresh salad fixings ( cucumbers , carrots ) .
Edit.can of beer is only a 12 ounce .... lol
Service was crappy , and food was mediocre .
We were there for the oysters happy hour extravaganza .
Swear to our Maker that the beans were the best to ever touch my lips !
I love the tomato soup here , so that 's probably going to be the one thing that brings me back .
You order , you then make your way around to the left to pay ....
I feel as if at any moment a pizza will topple into my lap .
defiantly worth the trip .
Thank you Pizza guys I love you ! !
The flavor was good .
Janeen is a gem as are the entire lovely staff .
In addition , the quiche should come with an additional slice , its that great .
Great place to sit on the patio and watch sports or catch up with friends ( and non - smoking now ! ) .
The beans , cheese , and vegetables complimented each other so well with the crispy base .
Everyone knows there 's a law here where you ca n't turn someone down for water .
While I was waiting in line , I noticed that they offer 10 % off your check if you check in to Taqueria on Facebook .
Just came for a quick dine - in before shopping and must say their 5th St.
The chicken was kind of dry but there was a variety of sauces to jazz them up .
The service was also great .
I ca nt wait to come back and try there chicken and waffles .
I guess it 's just crappy because I feel that their level of food is of the quality where I should be able to reserve a table .
That part of the review is for " normal people " .
My husband was on his way home and I had to wait for him so I could pay for the pizza .
I 've been ripped off several times .
The crab and bacon rangoon was excellent and the pork could n't have been better .
The quality is superb and fresh .
Plus , we ordered to go ( at lunch time , but before they got busy ) and waited a good 30 minutes for our food .
The staff is extremely friendly always checking in with you and making light - hearted and sincere conversation .
The owners and workers are super nice .
Now what the heck took me so long to experience Zorba 's delivery ? !
They brought me a new egg AND an order of their bonuts .
Good lunch specials -- drink and soup included ! ! ! !
I hope to visit again some day and made sure to tell our hotel all about it .
I should have known better :) BUT , the sauce & jumbo lump crab meat & mushrooms on top of the filet was amazing .
After ordering , my friend and I were told that " nothing was prepped " and it would be 25 more minutes .
It was taking too long , she was n't going to be able to eat with us at the same time so she just decided not to order .
Great walk up appeal , just down the street from a park .
What Mexican restaurant ca n't make a good margarita ? ?
As previous reviews have stated , the dining area is small so come early and do n't forget to bring cash as Honey 's is cash only .
The waitress took our kid to see the aquarium , but never brought refills .
Pulled chicken and brisket were tender , juicy and seasoned perfectly .
The hibachi is also fantastic and fun .
which , of course , meant three breakfasts .
Did n't try their seafood boil , but it looked like that would have been a better choice .
Recently found this very cool brunch spot on the web which is only 5 mins away from home ..
Thinking the oysters would be delicious , I ordered 2 dozens and so did my sister .
First I must say the food was excellent .
We wanted to order a bottle of wine , asked for his suggestion , and he answers with , " How much do you want to spend ? "
The broth was not too salty and somehow managed to be full flavored and ( refreshingly ) light at the same time .
It 's a small quite spot that was n't crowded .
The asparagus and bacon ( Mexican ) pizza was spicy and very good .
My boyfriend said the short rib hash was good , but there seemed to be more onions in it than actual hashbrowns .
Atmosphere was great , but the owners had their kids in the front who were rather loud .
Servers took turn to rush us by constantly asking if we were finished while we clearly were not .
Could n't even get bread or eat there .
They were packed & quoting 2 hr waits & this was at 9 pm !
I knew it would be bad , but I had to go back for seconds .
We ordered the crudo pizza for two .
Just happened to be driving down ( up ? ) Bloomingdale looking for a new spot to eat , and saw this .
It was full of flavor , but there was bread under all of the sausage and spicy tomato sauce , so it got soggy quickly .
Their only dressing choices were Caesar , house ( Balsamic ) , and I think Blue Cheese ?
I do n't understand the hubbub about burritos that are 75 % rice .
We were skeptical having also tried Mood Cafe ( owned by the W.Philly folks ) , and it was n't as good .
Very nasty service .
Yes , this will be our go to spot when we visit Tarpon Springs .
We also ordered pork egg rolls .
I was dressed like the other patrons and was about to leave anyway .
Their texture was a cross between candied but savory braised ribs .
Once our food arrived , we dug right in .
This was our first time here .
The regular roll on the other hand was extremely fresh , the white tuna melted in my mouth and their spicy sauce was to die for .
She gave us some things to do around the area too !
The rose sour cocktail was right up my alley- slightly sweet and made with bubbles- how could I not like it ?
There are way better Japanese places in the area now .
I wanted to get some red bean ice cream , as that is a favorite of mine , but our son was getting antsy , so we headed home .
The deli orders seem to be not as consistent as other wawas .
Their Cheesesteak omlette is a heart attack waiting to happen but it is the best Friday morning treat of your life .
Purchased a family size lasagna and it was super expensive .
As far as I could tell , there was only one waitress , but she was personable , attentive and fast .
I love the location and the historic building .
I had to go to the front desk to get these things since they did not include them .
The meat entrées were a bit heavy - handed -- too much sauce accompanied my pork chop , for example .
Even during busy times , they are always well - staffed , moving the lines quickly and remaining friendly .
A nice authentic place in Spring Hill .
Very nice people .
I loved the attention to detail in presentation and the incredible flavors .
Also , I would have totally been down to order a veggie taco if it was available ( i am a closet vegetarian ) .
The service was impeccable and the food was Ridiculously good .
The Brussels sprouts were by far the best I 've ever had !
The kids loved it ( hence the two extra stars ) , but I 'd much rather go to Peter Piper Pizza .
The service was speedy and friendly .
First time but not the last .
Sent it back got beef tacos much better but the beans were super dry .
The boat was pleasant , we got the $ 12 beverage add on which gave unlimited bloody mary 's , mimosas and the Natchez Punch .
Wow , this place has really gone downhill !
We waited for about an hour for our food and they even manage to messed it up .
We have been there a couple of times and I have not been disappointed .
Super busy place ... and it was a Tuesday !
We 've eaten here many many times and I 'm finally gotten around to writing this .
The owner is so sweet and there are 5 small tables ( no server ) for eating in .
Decor is really old and sometimes creepy ... like the old pics of the husband and wife that used to own this place .
i 'm salivating a la pavlov 's dog just thinking about these rolls .
I 'm counting the tip so the coffee must have been up there too as well as the extra pita my wife asked for .
The atmosphere is great the options are more than average and the lunch bento boxes are great .
We just wo n't be getting any burgers .
This place is a true gem .
Was nice and quiet as it was a Tuesday and the service was good because of that .
The service is very friendly and professional .
The screen was blank .
On top of that they never asked anyone else who appeared under 27 for their ID .
The flavors were n't terribly strong .
Our entrees came out , and they looked and tasted good with the exception of my dads .
I do n't believe these eggs were cracked fresh that morning .
We let it go again because we were at fault for our struggle with timeliness .
The servings are huge and the severs are very friendly .
The Cuban Lamb Frita is a must ( add the egg !
We ordered cocktails ( 2 for 1 ! ! ! ! ! ! ): cucumber bloody mary , sangria , and champaign drink .
Quaint cafe in a hard to miss location on Jefferson St.
We started with the chips and salsa which were great , both the red and green sauces were delicious .
The sushi rolls were unique , but good .
I ordered a taco and steak fajitas .
Gumbo Ya Ya Mmmmmmm smooth creamy dark rue , set along a side of crispy fried oysters they were perfect .
Servers are friendly , food is fresh and the owner is so nice , he even came to our table to talk to us .
For the beverage we both got the unsweetened iced tea ( I wish they had better beverage options ! ) .
Their sister restaurant , Northside Social , could learn a thing or two from Delicia .
I can still feel my stomach trying to figure out how to process the amount of grease I had .
It 's hidden from the road so you should look for the Saigon Deli sign .
I just had basic hashbrowns eggs and bacon , but it was so fab and the service was great !
Just recently I tried their cheeseburger and I never knew its so delicious ? ? !
They did an excellent job with the decor .
Try the scallops small plate , you wo n't regret it , but the whole dining experience is top notch .
Good location .
My husband had a grilled chicken breast on a Kaiser roll .
But ... that has n't stopped me from eating there .... several times .
The handicapped parking spots are poorly positioned and should be moved closer to the entrance .
I went with bacon and olives , my husband added pickled okra !
Absolutely amazing service and food .
I studied abroad in Merida and these beverages made me very happy .
I honestly think I have found my new favorite taco stop in Center City .
The shrimp had NO flavour , they were very much overcooked .
We started with a dozen raw oysters which were just the right size and extremely fresh .
They have only messed up my order once , I called and they fixed it right away .
Super cool place .
The waitress came by and took the plate with no inquiry as to why I was n't eating them .
The sushi was unexpectedly good and is made fresh to order .
Most gringos love that sort of thing I guess .
My first reaction was , " whoa , did I just find a stand - out Chinese restaurant that does n't flood their dishes with sauce ? "
First time here in this Burger King though I 'm very picky about fast food joints and I got the croissanwich .....
if we were n't so lazy , I guess we could peruse the website to see what they were , but that actually seems like a lot of work .
I tried the chicken sandwich and it was incredible .
Very clean location in a good area .
We both had sushi it was fabulous , and the service was good , fast and friendly .
Nice set - up .
They have a couple of outdoor tables which is nice .
Great find !
They have a bakery next door and the variety and quality of desserts was superb .
It 's outdoor seating but they have a tent so you are in the shade .
I showed it to the manager ( a clueless kid ) she took it from me and never saw her again .
The service is also pretty slow , even when there is no crowd to speak of .
since they were putting on their coats and getting ready to leave .
I ordered Dinner Box A which came with four different items which three were fantastic and the steak over vegtables just ok .
Salad , fruit and chips were fresh and good .
My wife 's fried chicken was excellent .
This place is pretty small , and considering how good it is , everyone wants to eat here .
It was one of the worst margaritas I 've had at a Mexican restaurant .
My friend ate the grilled and roasted vegetable platter and everyhing was excellent !
ALL of those dishes were great !
Got lunch here oysters , crawfish and beer .
They also hide their speaker very well .
Once my food came out she gave me ranch I said no I 'll take the blue cheese she says oh we 're out of blue cheese .
Everything is obviously freshly prepared and the prices are reasonable .
Pro tip make sure you spring for a dossant it 's well worth it .
It was delicious , I inhaled both of my giant pieces and my five year old son pretty much ate all of his piece .
The beef soup was hearty and came with lots of beef , cooked perfectly with tons of flavor-- star anise was the magic slice !
Their prices are a little high , though .
The tortilla soup is fantastic .
I had fudge covered Oreo and I was n't too excited about it .
The meats are seasoned and tasty and the vegetables are fresh .
I only wish I lived closer ( live in Huntsville , AL ) so I could eat here all of the time .
I had the grilled cheese w / homemade tomato soup with homemade chips .
The oysters were shucked wonderfully but that 's really all I can give them credit for .
By that point we just wanted to escape the extremely loud atmosphere and poor service .
I heard it was good and the reviews looked decent .
Anyway , I just ordered the burger with " just the meat and cheese " .
I have called from the parking lot knowing they were empty at 11:30 on a.sunday and told 35 minutes .
I am gluten free and have food intolerances and have always felt completely comfortable eating here .
Vegans stay home although their roasted veg side dish was great ! ! ! !
For dessert , we had a creme brulee that the waiter just raved over .
I think our server said Wednesdays M.L.
The prices are ridiculously inexpensive and everything tastes amazing .
All in all it was a great lunch and I am sure I will be rushing back in no time .
The masala had too much tomato , the chutneys had to come out of a bottle pre made and horrible .
We tried this place out because it was in the Passport program .
When we arrived they said that they had a busy weekend and were out of a few things .
the massage oil was made from a love oil apparently derived from a recipe from the famed Marie Laveau .
I think this is a great first date place !
The food was not too good at all .
The food is n't to my liking , and it was my first time ordering from there .
I 've now tried quite a few of these strange donuts and all have been delicious and interesting .
I go to this place whenever I am in town and have NEVER been disappointed .
Our waitress was very nice , a little slow , but that 's to be expected on such a busy night .
I just ordered a pizza from Empire and they said they are currently out of cheese and ca n't make my one pizza .
Our server had a few questionable calls , mainly when I asked for water and he came back with a refill for my brother .
We ordered 2 daiquiris off the happy hour menu .
The subs are hearty and fresh .
He was a trainer and taking care of other servers was more important than taking care of his own customers .
As far as my shrimp and grits , it was , by far , the best I 've ever had .
We asked the man behind the counter if we should order at the counter .
Good stop for a Sunday Funday .
I personally have tried every taco on the menu as well as the appetizers !
If you are looking for good food and great service at a reasonable price , BARRA is the place to go ! ! ! !
Food was so flavorful , hot and just all over great .
Just walked out of this place .
YOU ARE A TEQUILA BAR ..... How is this possible???!More training would be obviously helpful .
I had beef enchiladas .
You ca n't go wrong with any of the salads .
I grew up on southern food so perhaps I 'm a tough rated but I was n't overwhelmed .
Great view !
We parked and as we got ready to go in one of the girls was walking in the door .
Very nice delivery driver .
I really felt at home and will definitely be back to visit my next time in New Orleans .
I loved this restaurant and would highly recommend that anyone tries it !
The staff is amazing so very good .
It 's a serious problem for me that I ca n't use internet for 2 hours during the day at this location .
I loved how they bring out rice in the little stone bowls .
I do n't care how good the food is .
Some local friends told us about this spot which is an alternative to the touristy cheesesteak spots around South St.
You do n't accept cash ?
The whole place smelled like a port - a - potty .
Between the wood walls , wood crafted tables and Edison bulbs , this is a great addition to the northern Pinellas county area !
Included in the price of the buffet is a Dosa ( can even get Mysore masala dosa ) .
When in town , this is my favorite place to go .
They placed my tortillas on a grill and crispened them and brought them back .
Very small and quaint .
And I 'm not a ' trendy place ' kinda dude .
The view of John 's pass is really nice .
Nice movie selections haha .
The sauce matched the ribs nicely .
If you need another reason to go other than the food - well , I absolutely love the owners , Nick and Helen ( fellow Greeks :) ) .
The hours are n't posted on the door ( not that I 've noticed , anyway ) .
It 's a tough location but I hope they make it work .
The penne with Vodka sauce , chicken parm and fried risotto balls are the best .
The portion sizes are probably on the small side but I personally found everything very filling .
The only negative I have about the hotel are the tvs in the rooms .
The movie was great , having no kids in the theater made it even better .
Looking at the menu I noticed this sushi was , in my opinion , quite overpriced for the atmosphere and location .
Bar server Cody did it All ! !
We ordered the large egg drop soup , kung pao chicken , & barbecue lo mien .
For a buffet restaurant , I was very impressed .
We had exceptional service and a delicious meal .
We also had the shrimp cocktail and lump crab cake appetizers .... both fine , but not wonderful .
Staff awesome .
Bread was so old n when asked for new i was questioned if i new what i was talking about .
Out of all of the restaurants in the Tradewinds / Guy Harvey resorts this is the one I would recommend .
We could n't get enough chips .
What a fantastic place !
The chicken soup was a great broth with ties of chicken and soft white rice .
The pool area is amazing , relaxing and fun .
Was I setting myself up for utter disappointment , or was I going to be enlightened ?
You have to go thru an exit door ( with crash bar ) to get to them .
However , the surpise ended up being no cake and a rude cashier .
It was just white beans with cheesy / mooshy tasteless stuff in between topped with breadcrumbs .
The kicker was , they sat two parties of two at a table of four ....
We had dessert as well , a yummy fried cookie dough tempura which was n't the biggest dessert in the world but was very good .
In general , I love brisket on a bun .... but here it 's ..... passable .
Famoso Neapolitan Pizzeria is one of the places I go to on a regular basis for a good pizza that does n't cost an arm and a leg .
Bread pudding-- so rich and delicious ...
Great food and great service .
The person you 're dating :
Our family had an assortment of appetizers and entrees .
I always find the service hit - or - miss like good - or - pretentious .
My kids brought me here for Father 's Day as we wanted to try a different Authentic Mexican Restaurant .
Everyone enjoyed their entrees so much , that no one could pass up on deserts ..... which were also delicious .
Has been there for 41 years one of the ladies said and I do n't see it going away anytime soon
She pretended to throw out the liquid in the pitcher and make another one .
The food , the service , the price , the ambiance , all are perfect .
Burgundy beef got good reviews and so did the Lamb suggo .
The menu is the same as at the others , from what I can tell .
My husband and I found this place wandering around downtown ( not a whole lot going on down there , huh ? ) and decided to try it .
We arrived around 6 pm and there was already a line .
Drove by it alot so we stopped and tryed it , the food was great the atmosphere was great ..
We also ordered the bowtie pasta with salmon you could barely are the salmon and it tasted overly fishy .
I 've ordered a several different dishes at this point and they have varies from ok to awesome .
This lead to another 15 - minute delay before they played again .
Someone complained about all of the references to In - n - Out , but I think the comparison is completely appropriate .
I ordered to go and the wait time was reasonable .
I went today and it was not a good experience .
Or the sorghum glazed bacon .
I had about five bites and did n't even take my leftovers home for the kids .
One of the nicer ( not cold and out dated ) places in the Drexel Hill / Havertown / Upper Darby Area .
I recall having a sweet and magical conversation with at least two folks who made sure I could n't stop smiling that day .
We had 4 bottles of wine but the bill was reasonable .
An employee from another register asked if she could help me .
The shrimp chow mein was also not greasy , which surprised me given my experiences at other places .
And boy , is that unfortunate , because this place is great !
I 've used many , many Groupons in other establishments and have never been refused .
I had the Rotolo which was extraordinary but for whatever reason my Melanzana pizza fell a little flat to me personally .
The buns are okay .
She and the dude at the door blinded me to anything possible .
I ca n't think of anything I 'd change in the place .
Lunch special came with 5 pieces and a roll .
Judging by the high schoolers in at lunch break , it is a very popular place .
I love everything on the menu but my favorite thing I enjoy eating here are the barbacoa tacos !
These were just a few of the comments from our wedding reception on March 14 , 2015 .
Do n't get me wrong ... the pizza here is good .
The breakfast is always cooked just right and this is a fun place to eat .
The menu was really strange , with one dish for each type of protein and one very random Thai dish .
The sauces ( tomatillo , mole , chipotle ) are all good .
Although the takeout orders got first priority , after a bit of a wait , we finally got our 3 - roll specials .
I ordered one star spicy and it came quick .
I had lasagna and it was one of the best lasagna I 've ever had .
It was much more than two people could eat when expecting more food , but we enjoyed it .
Nobody told us that when we made the reservation .
The overall experience was fine , but that burger sure did ruin it .
All in all , i d say this place has recovered nicely and I love the order online feature .
THey have healthy tasty treats which is nice and a host of croissants and other tasty treats .
The food at Ghini 's is just delicious .
Other things about this place : you can call ahead and pick up orders through the drive through .
Heard a lot of buzz about this place since they 're opening a 2nd restaurant in my neighborhood on E.
( I uploaded two pictures from two separate visits , " Sunflower Roll ( without eel ) , " above ) .
After reviewing the 16 types of German beer that come in every 48 hours we selected one and it was unbelievably delicious .
Cru is such a cute quaint wine bar !
The burritos are ok , they tend to be a bit light on the meat and heavy on the beans .
I despise mayonnaise and it 's always been a little too close to that flavor to me .
Everyone in our group noted that the use of onions was pretty heavy and more peppers , corn , carrots , etc .
Sirloin steak w/ mashed potatoes .
I 've driven past this restaurant literally 100 times , today we decided to stop for lunch after our excursion at Lowry Park Zoo .
Our 1st visit here .
The shredded chicken tasted like it was canned meat and had no flavor .
There were two places to pay at the counter which I thought was a nice way to speed up the leaving process .
We had raw and grilled oysters , along with a fried oyster dish atop some sort of spinach cream concoction .
The burger was very thick and as such left most of the bun meatless .
I 'm not typically a fan of the burger / donut combo , but the Croque Monsieur was pretty awesome .
I ve had to use market wagon to get their breads and baked goods .
A lot of them seem to be for the buffet , which I ca n't comment on .
The 2/$20 is great -- the margarita grilled chicken is my favorite .
The only things I 've noticed over time is that the crew that works in the evening is n't as on point as the day crew .
Then we was serve on dirty trays that was wiped with dirty rags .
They brought over fresh homemade sausage for my husband .
We drank the bottles we ordered and had to get up and flag someone down to get another wine order .
Only reason not 5 stars is we had a 2 1/2 hr wait , but we soon found out why ....
Also she told us to go for a walk since the wait was going to be 30 - 45 minutes ? !
Either way was NOT impressed .
For drinks , we got to enjoy bottomless mimosas which were made perfectly and filled often ! !
The chef was not engaging with us and boring compare to some other hibachi Restaurants .
Overall , a great place to eat .
Our side had 3 hibachi tables fully seated and the chef 's doing their thing ... ie egg into the hat , onion choo choo , etc .
The quality of the fish was good and the service was good too .
Have tried the spring rolls , chicken satay and chicken pot - stickers and they were all satisfying .
If you have n't been to Tony 's donuts you 're missing the boat .
So the line issue will hopefully figure itself out because I do n't think its a great idea ....
and I would put Vetri at the top of the list .
Answered all our questions and even had a normal conversation with us as if he 's known us for years .
Very clean , light - filled atmosphere .
Do n't bother with the pulled pork sandwich .
For dinner we had the crabs , garlic noodles , and fried seafood rice !
The food was decent , not like I expected from all the photos .
We had a 2 1/2 day corporate conference here in the middle of June .
I did not agree with the lack of empathy nor did I welcome their tone !
Better that the other popular taco shops in Indy .
Felt like having dinner at my german grandmothers house , well without the yelling !
I did not find the meat overly fatty .
Secondly i tipped u $ 4 on takeout .
I have never been to a place like this- just altogether special in decor , service , food and drink ...
My server was nice and I enjoyed my meal in peace away from the excitement of the Hibachi room .
Did she send a manager over and appoligize , NO ! !
It just does n't stand out , and the cucumbers tend to be the main focus of the sandwich .
The potato salad was different than the Kroger / Marsh potato salad that I 'm used to , so I 'm not sure how to rate it .
They are adjacent to my hotel every time I come to NOLA so I am here at least once per visit .
Food was excellent , and service was excellent .
The chicken tacos were good but nothing special .
Every time i have gone in to Bab Cafe the staff is always super helpful and educated on their product and make recommendations .
Thank you , Anthony , for the great lasagna and the best carrot cake ever !
Avoid this place .
avoid this place .
And , they do not offer free refills for this !
The pizza was mediocre , and the service was terrible .
I think we would n't have disliked the food so much if we did n't have to wait so long for it with out the server checking on us .
Every dish was flavorful and distinct .
It was like , pulverized ground beef mixed with pureed refried beans .
Got greek salad and spicy chicken wrap .
I ordered the salmon bento and stir fry soft shell crab .
The flemmings potatoes have become my favorite side and the Thai green beans were great as well .
This made it increasingly difficult to hear and she had to repeat every question two / three times .
The pastry was good , not the best .
The salads are also very delicious .
We sat at the bar and had the deep fried buttermilk quail app .
And it is a bit pricey .
There is a nice big parking lot across the street that is free for the first 75 minutes .
Happy hour M - Th 5 - 7 drinks and appetizers .
Our server was friendly and attentive , and he really new his stuff .
The service is OUTSTANDING .
Unfortunately I had little time and did n't have time to have it fixed .
It was tasty for a Cesar salad though they really are hard to mess up .
Connoisseurs and alcoholics alike can find what they want here .
Service was a little slow had to ask about food and appetizer even though it did n't seem to be real busy .
The ambiance was fine , having seating both inside ( with A / C ) and outside .
I do n't know why this place has such high reviews .
Management has the service down , now they just need to work on the food , or I 'm afraid this place wo n't last .
Took about 10 minutes for fresh pad thai
These guys are great .
These guys are GREAT .
Upon looking on it from the outside it almost looks like an old Wild West pub , so do n't be fooled like I was .
Their Chalfont location is their only one , and this one has the most genuine taste of Sicily .
Plus , only 1 of the 3 burgers actually had any grilled onions on it , and then only a very small amount .
I tried my son 's tomato basil soup and it was delish !
Ben at the bar is quite a trip and makes the experience fun !
Finally opening day ! ! !
Both visits have been for lunch , and both times the food and the service was good .
Reason for the 3 star is due to the 45 minute wait for our food from the time we ordered .
This last time was the worst experience I have had thus far .
I 'm sure we 'll eventually be back to bring my parents !
I once decried that the Bouillabaisse at Maynards was the best in town , but recently it was severely disappointing .
Our waitress was super friendly and made sure that what i ordered met my expectations !
Its refreshing to see an owner speaking to customers and ringing them up .
Everything is extremely fresh , homemade and majestic in the mouth .
It was another 10 minutes before I was waited on .
They let you pick out your own emoji table marker so they know where to bring the food .
For $ 17.95 for the meatloaf , I was disappointed .
A waitress once said " we have that in the bowling alley but i do n't feel like going over there " that was only once though .
There were many convenient store where one could find bath salts or lotion or souvenir , many F&B outlets to hang out .
for the rest of the crammed time the food was below par and the booth was n't taken the whole time we were dining .
It 's on the corner which could make for decent people watching .
This is my favorite restaurant in Tucson by far .
To top it off , the entire staff was super friendly .
The food is freakin awesome .
Both salads were good , citrusy and fresh .
My friend and I split the burger ( rated one of the 10 best in the country ) and the pulled pork sandwich .
So I went back to the original register I was at and the woman who was still busy preparing an order asked me what I needed .
This was the only good thing there .
The only issue was once we were done with the tequila our server was supposed to get us margaritas with our choice of tequila .
It was the only pizza that stood up to my faves at home .
So on our way bowling at Pinsetters she suggested we eat there while bowling ..
I liked the vibe and service , so I 'm givin ' it 4 !
My wife had the sweet potato soup , she raved about it .
You ca n't tell if you 're grabbing a knife , fork or spoon .
they have a great little sitting area outside where you can sit and wait for your table to be ready .
Neither of us even eat brussel sprouts .
This time around I did not allow El Charro to mess up my order as I ordered the chicken elegante burro ( $ 11.99 ) .
There were 6 of us , so when we arrived at 645pm , we had a 15 minute wait while they cleaned up a party that just finished .
This is an excellent restaurant , and an excellent addition to the neighborhood around Rittenhouse .
I popped over to the bar for a drink while I waited and ordered a gin and tonic ....
The GF crust was OK and the salads average .
I will go back for the wings , but next time I 'll try the tots .
Their deep dish rivals Lou Malnati 's Pizza in Chicago .
We did n't need to add any extra syrup .
Only a few seats .
The Spicy Shrimp Gyoza ( dumplings ) was also incredible .
These guys are n't hiding any nasty surprises and it 's clear that they care about their food and their customers .
I thought that this place was for adults but yet I felt like I walked into a daycare .
It 's also my fave because of this reason , always changing and bringing the best to the table .
We waited 25 minutes for a table and then our food was another 30 minutes .
Always a wonderful place to stay in Kennett Square .
It 's greasy unhealthy American - Chinese food that s cheap and has way too much salt .
They go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable and " at home " .
Also , do n't be fooled by the Avocado green salsa , it 's pretty darn spicy .
The only thing that I really enjoyed was the coconut shrimp appetizer .
Now for the good stuff : The house beer , " Phat Beer " .
I 'm not a " customer service " person and do n't really care if people are rude , but this guy was ridiculous .
I usually just email the restaurant to tell them about my experience which I did here as well .
The place could have earned higher points .
I would highly recommend this little spot .
I wish I 'd checked into this place to prove my attendance , but I submitted a picture of the ribs because they were THE bomb .
The food is pretty good ( appetizers somehow always being the highlight ) , but it is always SUPER crowded .
The owner / chef is Italian and speaks the language .
They were basically sliders charged at $ 5 a piece .
My favorite thing to get here are the almond sticks .
The food at this place is really good .
I did love my cocktail , though .
Overall , a nice place to go .
Just did take out last week .
We waited about 25 minutes and got a table outdoor .
I have a nut allergy and made them aware of that and they did not screw it up ( most Indian restaurants do ) .
But the presentation was weird - they served it on a bed of french fries .
Staff was wonderful as well .
The atmosphere and decor are awesome !
These are the very best pancakes I 've ever had .
This place is excellent .
The strawberry frozen Margarita had very little alcohol in it .
The egg was completely overdone so I asked them to bring me a new egg .
It did n't come with a side , but it was a giant patty .
I 'm not a coffee connoisseur so I 'm not reviewing it based on that .
I mean , you do n't have to kiss my butt but do n't be all huffy and DO NOT PICK MY COFFEE FOR ME WITHOUT ASKING .
At minimum they should have some bottles / cans from Parish , Great Raft , Urban South , Abita , NOLA , etc ...
( $ 2.95 for Mexican beers ) .
We had such a good time we are sure to visit next time we are in town !
The food was pretty good , I got the wag eggs Benedict .
I was surprised at how dead the restaurant was for 7 pm .
My brisket ramen was delicious as well , I can not wait to come back !
And , to reply to one of the posts , they definitely do n't skimp on the tequila .
I tried this store last night Friday 1/27/2017 .
What a pleasure to rediscover this old gem .
I 'm usually not a big fan of heavy food but this place was pretty good .
This place was outstanding !
I came here on a beautiful Saturday after biking all around Forest Park and dug into the salted caramel ice cream .
Please support your locally owned businesses ! !
They 've probably lost $ 110 from me walking out before ordering just because I do n't want to deal with the staff on duty .
We were so full afterwards and even had enough to go for a second lunch the next day .
The sad neglected fountain out front says it all .
They were busy but we had no trouble finding a large table .
We were n't speaking with hourly - waged youngsters either ; we started with a manager and were escalated to " one of the owners " .
We loved the scallop appetizer , beet salad and grits soufflé are all winners .
Very nice old fashions as well .
We had the Nola Bites , Mufaletta , Crawfish Etouffee , and a side of the cheese grits - I did n't want to stop eating !
We waited close to 30 minutes for our first set of rolls - and they chalked up the slowness due to needing to " fry " the tobiko .
The soft shell crab was good .
After getting home I realized the bottom of the flatbread was burnt and inedible .
The food is very flavorful and you can really taste the quality of the food .
Such a great place to meet and catch - up with friends and colleagues .
The ultimate place to stay in Nashville .
We picked the restaurant for the pics & the reviews .
Very friendly staff and nice environment although the crowd was light surprisingly the both times I went there .
And the fries were enough to come back for - perfectly prepared potato wedges .
Please do n't get delivery .
The Nutella croissant was okay ( good flavor but the croissant was hard and did n't have enough filling ) .
I 'll admit that in at least 10 visits , I 've only ever tried the hot & sour soup -- because it 's good .
I ordered a chicken wrap , my boyfriend ordered pulled pork .
They even put rose petals on our bed while we were out at dinner !
I tired the Bahn Mi with seared ahi and I ca n't get enough .
I 'd never tried snails before , so in the interests of trying something new I ordered them , and was not disappointed .
Ya got ta give it to Dan ; he works his butt off and I love seeing the management hustle along side their employees .
It 's glamour and shine lives up to the name of HardRock . They have a huge guitar in front at the entrance that is really cool .
The second takeout order ( last night ) was excellent .
My better half enjoyed the white shrimp scampi and I ordered the Black Bass With risotto and fresh veggies .
I 've had many of the sandwiches and they 're all pretty good .
I also tried the crispy beets , they were good though surprisingly a little spicy .
ca n't wait till i 'm back for work and can stop in again !
Official grand opening is Monday for dinners only and another week or so for lunch .
Overall , a pretty anticlimactic lunch date served with a side of disappointment .
This place is a hole in the wall kind of place , one of those amazing rare finds .
Did I mention they have a spectacular looking bar ?
The Happy Hour is a good deal and the house margaritas tasted better than many other restaurants I 've visited .
This place is known for their ' free ' margaritas , which really just means that the food is overpriced to include alcohol cost .
The Baked Beans were very tasty with a little kick to them .
The food is decent , but just decent .
and the coffee was amazing again as was the meal value !
Such a great addition to the neighborhood I ca n't wait to go back .
We were out looking for an amazing cocktail experience and he delivered .
The cook is actually friendly , as long as you do n't question the food .
And if you want to eat the peanuts with the shells on , they wo n't even kick you out !
Mi ranchito is that typical authentic Mexican restaurant and it is delicious .
In short , this place is awesome .
They 're soups are really simple .. you pick your meat and they all come with vermicelli .
The food did take a while .
Ever since our office had their first taste of Cedar Park Cafe 's chicken and waffles ...
And if you can , buy them a drink . )
Take cash , ok ! !
I saw a housekeeper wiping drawers out .
The atmosphere at Tría is nice and the staff are relatively friendly .
Service was very good , although we waited a bit without seeing our server .
The perfect way to start your night !
I wish I took a picture of my pathetic wrap today , they could n't look more different .
Their was a nice kick on the chicken along with some jalapeño and a nice slaw to go with it .
I explained to the waitress that this dish had changed and was n't good !
The filet was one of the best I 've ever enjoyed !
What sold me on this place was the Lavender Latte .
I have been in bed for the past two days .
But the fries were wonderful !
Seen the NY Times article .
A nice suprise .
Its as much about the crust as it is about the balanced accompaniments .
We could n't decide on dessert so we asked our waitress to surprise us with either the carrot cake or the apple fritter .
It 's like a eatting a brick of salt .
OK , it had been at least 4 minutes , but to give him the benefit of the doubt I waited another 5 minutes ...
The filet was ordered medium rare and arrived scored and hot light pink all the way through .
I tell everyone about this place and always bring it up as an option when we have folks in from out of town .
Went there last night and had the coconut smoothie and it was very good .
I would go for the beer selection .
Decided to try them on Grubhub since we were in the mood for cheap Chinese .
Last stop before bridge .
My friend had the gnocchi which I tried and were amazing .
We went for lunch because we wanted to make sure we would get a full rotation during daylight .
Floor was dirty and very slippery either from not being cleaned properly or from condensation .
Staffs are so rude when I confronted them about it .
delish food .
When I went the Jamaican Jerk Hut , it was for a very specific purpose .
I asked my parents to take myself and my fiance here for my birthday / engagement celebration .
The gumbo was also yummy and contained generous amounts of seafood .
I had the fish tacos , though I wish I would have ordered the shrimp one 's after I took a bite of my husband 's .
It was just as good as some of the Thai I 've had in the city .
I had the ham , Gouda macaroni , and green beans .
I had the crawfish roll w / fries for $ 9 that tasted great that was perfectly spiced .
Other good choices are the antipasto , gnocchi , mussels , and Italian sausage .
Overall , the meal was a little pricey for the ambience and serving size .
The menu consists of a good variety of delicious tapas & the portions were good too !
Love the sauce on the side , btw .
The food is delicious and authentic creole cuisine .
I say go for the sandwiches ! !
Listen , I can even take my meat - eating parents here without a hitch , so they 've got ta be doing something right .
We had a great waiter , Aaron .
The drinks were fantastic but the food .... not so much .
There is absolutely no way you can be disappointed with this place .
Fun hangout , away from the mostly busy streets of central Tucson .
Parking is a breeze , they are generally pretty full at lunch hour , but we managed to find a spot okay .
I 've been to several different Cracker Barrels over the years and usually love them , but this one was really disappointing .
I think my next AC trip wo n't be for the gambling or a concert , I 'm going for the burger !
Got ta say ... that Lemon Passion cake and the chocolate cake desserts are DELICIOUS !
They 're all classics that you can not go wrong with .
This is my new favorite restaurant !
It does n't seem like there 's enough seating to accommodate a lunch crowd .
In any case the food is decent and the two managers I have spoken to are rude and unhelpful .
The escargot is highly recommended .
Best hotdogs in Santa Barbara hands down !
It 's not on their online menu , but it is on the menu in the store .
Came in on a Saturday night at 630 and even though they were a bit busy , we got a table immediately .
Why only one side with a dinner like this every one else has two ? ?
We are always on the look - out for new places to try and when we find a good one , we find ourselves going back time and again .
I love the chicken caesar pita but they took it off the menu -- the best sandwich they had ! !
My husband and I were looking for a late lunch and wisely decided on 312 .
The buffet was good , did n't have to wait for a drink and you were able to hear each other talk .
All flippin ' amazing .
The pho here is magical .
The line for check in and check out was very long and took more time than I expected .
I never had dinner her although I would assume it is better than the brunch items .
The side of grilled , Burnt , slimy asparagus was also salty & over cooked .
They make everything from scratch and are a family owned business .
I ordered at the counter and than waited for a table to open .
You order at the counter and then choose a seat and they will bring your food / drinks to you .
I ordered some carne asada , shrimp , birria tacos , and a sprite .
The service was a little lacking at times but they quickly made up for it once we said something .
We 'll definitely be back to check out a show in a few weeks , and I 'm really hoping they 'll work out the kinks quickly .
Then I asked to use the restroom .
Most of the reviewers are correct .
I started off with the crawfish bisque and my husband opted for the gumbo , both were perfection .
We had two omelets and two coffees .
Overall , it 's an awesome lunch spot .
we go here about 4 - 5 times a month~ !
If there were negative stars I 'd choose that !
The wait for food was n't too long , which is always appreciated during lunch hour .
The last caused us not to come back for over a year - and we should have stayed away .
The computer when down at it seem they din't had any other way to place an order .
Most of all there is Glenn , he will make you feel at home right in his kitchen .
Besides the drinks , I 've had the Chicken & Portabello Panini and Fish & Chips so none of the Irish dishes .
I tried the teriyaki bowl , and it was delish ...
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up !
We wo n't be back ... and our search continues for a good Vietnamese meal .
Did n't want to take the usual suspect donuts to a customer today , so I Yelped donuts & glad I did .
We finally settled on the beer cheese fondu and the prime rib sandwich with fries to share between the two of us .
This place truly has a " Cheers " feel .
After she gave me the soup she said she would ring me up back by the cookies .
The tzatziki was very tasty and added just the right amount of zing to the dish .
$ 9 for two pancakes seems a little steep .
They served pulled pork coleslaw spoons which were amazing .
And unlike other reviewers here , I found the service to be very quick and friendly ! !
There is seating outside and two types of seating inside : communal and counter top .
However , the overall taste was still delicious .
The food is awesome .
The only menu is a series of high - end cocktails all of which sound delicious .
I live within walking distance and have had the best experiences with this place .
I ordered the exact sme thing and was again told it would be 20 minutes .
My personal faves tend to be the biscuit and the savory Dutch baby ( regardless of toppings ) .
Love that we have a great local pizza place !
Menu includes many varieties of grilled cheese , quesadilla 's mac n cheese bowls .
You wo n't find garlic toast or fries at Brady 's .
The martini was not what I requested , and the pork belly was one of the worst I 've had ... ever .
I would recommend getting the roti instead - it comes out hot , with a substantial filling , and is really satisfying to eat .
The food is very good .
Maybe next time they can explain to me what the gluten free sign means , cause the gentleman who took my order sure did n't .
We ordered the Breakfast Sandwich and Baked Breakfast Sandwich for our meals .
Our server was gross last time with a dirty apron , licked her fingers and then touched the top lip of my water glass .
Perfect for a date , which is why I went here after searching high and low for nice brunch places in the area .
I had the best dish I 've ever had in New Orleans here , and it was even on a Sunday night .
The shrimp and burgers are both really good .
The only thing that I can complain is the speed for the food to be prepped- it 's a little longer than we have expected .
Looks can be deceiving !
I had the sweet potato hash which was very different !
The wings were good .
First - the pricey dish , which was the pretzel encrusted chicken .
They change their menu each season ...
Really lovely table setting and presentation .
Their teriyaki chicken is really delicious too !
I know my ribs .
This place reigns supreme in the sandwich world ! ! !
The siger make the night pleasurable .
Nice cafe in Lakeview .
She was nice enough to refund the money back to my card , and offer a free round of drinks on our next visit .
The owner gave us refills on our drinks and napkins and extra cream .
I really wanted to like Sukho Thai , but the service was absolutely horrible .
Their salsa was flavorless .
Incredible incredible food .
The salad was bland .
We were there an hour before our food was served .
This morning I had a sort of " create your own combo " .
Had we not been in a hurry to get to a concert I most definitely would have sent it back .
We also had order of fries , our total was just over $ 24 , a bit pricy for take out lunch .
The bakery , deli , pasta , butcher etc .
The pasta is just pasta , and good , but the addition of the Gorgonzola cheese was such a treat !
While the server did a great job , the food came out haphazardly .
It is amazing to watch the crew get the food out .
The biscuit was n't that great .
My moms fish was super fishy and the batter was n't even cooked all the way .
The pizza is very good .
The sauce was pretty good however .
I ended up paying full price for a drink that was poured into the bushes .
Food was nothing special .
I tried the mac , sweet tatters casserole , corn pudding and greens .
I came by to get a little computer work done but unfortunately only left with a pounding headache .
However , this was a great dinner .
i ordered a margarita ... and being that i 'm from California , i have extremely high standards for marg 's .
A friend of mine loved this place and has been there a few times with his wife and visiting children .
I think I did n't like the name or location but a friend recommended it and I tried it first for take out .
given they 're going for the whole health conscious scene , there probably using 90:10 burgers which is why they 're dry as hell .
My boyfriend has been to Italy and said it was just as awesome as the ones he tasted there .
I placed my order and had a seat .
The Tennessee is deserving of its title as one of Zagat 's 50 Burgers In 50 States .
Rude service .
Our Friday night party of eight could not have had a better time .
This is intended to be a big impact place .
Unfortunately the mashed potatoes were instant .
Every time that I go there , I ca n't pass up the steak tacos .
For me , it 's a solid dining choice for anyone in the area .
All in all , I 'm blessed to have great friends that make my night perfect as can be .
I had the falafel pita .
The falafel was pretty good .
The bowl came out and it looked like Vietnamese oxtail soup .
Right by my corporate office in Wilmington , DE .
The place is really cool overall !
This is a German place with doners , sausages , and a few other German specialties .
Our waitress took it back and did n't return with a hot replacement for another 20 minutes .
Only cash places typically irritate me but I did n't mind at all !
Very friendly service .
It was easy to eat a lot of those !
It 's now 24 hrs later and we did n't get sick , but they really need to clean up a bit back there .
My wife and I come at least once a month
They have an outdoor covered patio which is very cool .
Last would like to tell you the food was top notch .
Super friendly place .
Their meat is very high quality and they butcher the meat themselves , so it is as fresh as it can get !
There was live music but because of that you could n't really talk at dinner .
I get it w / out chicken and with sesame seeds because I do not like peanuts on my food .
We enjoyed our first breakfast here Saturday morning .
The staff is very polite and they take the time to explain what an item is and how it taste .
Two people : 1 appetizer , 2 entree and some fountain drinks came out to be around $ 60 ( with tip ) .
The tandoori is a bit bland , but the vindaloo is worth the trip .
We will definitely be back regardless because the food is really good .
They 're not the best doughnuts I 've ever had but they are rich and fresh .
I 've been to the Cool Springs location several times , but this visit did n't do it for me .
The only downside is the staff-- the baristas can carry a bit of an attitude at times ...
It took an additional 25 minutes .
They are only open for breakfast and lunch , and are n't open for dinner .
All of their pastries , bread and jellies are homemade - and really delicious !
I am spoiled because I am a local and go to the spongedocks a lot .
The cherry on top was at 03:30 an impassioned Mexican couple in the room next to mine had sex for 2 hours .
So for her professionalism and the fact that the staff was very polite , I give them two stars .
and the cashew chicken had almost no chicken .
I ordered the Ramsey and , after cutting it in half , took a bite .
We started wondering if Ted Peter 's is associated with that place Dicks Last Resort where the staff is intentionally miserable .
Only open during Fiesta , the first weekend ( friday at noon , sat and sun 10 am ) in August ! ! !
What chain can you go to and be asked " What can I do to make your visit exceptional " ?
Myself and a few friends ended up hanging out for hours eating appetizers and drinking a couple rainy sundays ago .
I also had a Pilsner , the name slips me , it was VERY good .
the daquiris were just ok here , do n't waste the money .
Then you go back to the bar and give the ticket to the oyster and / or the crawfish dude and they 'll work on your ticket .
It was really good , but honestly - it 's the size of 3 normal mimosas .
This place has the worst service west of the Schuylkill and east of the Mississippi .
The clam taste was not infused very well into the soup either , it was 2 independent flavors from each other .
It was raining and needed to eat a bite before we left town and we found Mr. B 's on Yelp .
Aside from that the " ultimate tailgate " ( crab cake on burger ) was alright .
The Crabby Wife was the dish I got , and it was to die for !
Ate brunch at Kanella today , the first time we have been there .
Please trust there is no need because the Chef 's creativity should not be tampered !
She also prepared my omelette wrong , forgetting to add avocado to it .
As you can see in my picture , it 's a huge dish !
I noticed when she was putting the fries together she tried to tell me that the one tray was both fry orders .
Looking around the resturaunt it was obvious that nobody had cared about it for a few years .
Wow and add that maple syrup to it , everything about those pancakes was perfect .
I got a turkey Reuben and salad .
Please note that our server , Chi , was knowledgeable , efficient and delightful .
I had the greek steak pita with guac hummus .
This gem is tucked in a small strip mall behind a gas station .
The bourbon sweet tea is amazing , and the Manhattan was one of the best I 've ever had .
I had purchased a Groupon and was pretty excited about trying this place out .
I 'm not a big banana flavor fan , but I did taste the pancakes .
The food was perfect , even my 8 year olds kids order of pasta alfredo was insanely delicious .
They handle the take out prep , which is usually a concern of mine , quite well .
The quiche was light and fluffy and came with a side salad .
To add insult to injury there are no prices on their menus .
The food options are plentiful and delicious .
That sums up my experience at Dinardo 's in one " word . "
Sadly , I did n't love this dish .
However , the criticisms come from the moment I walked into the restaurant .
It 's not an upscale bar , or a great place to grab lunch .
Luckily , the other two couples were great people and we had some great conversation .
The Surfin ' Cow had no lettuce ...
Not on the beach but close .
Kids liked taking pictures at this location but was not my favorite
Sure , it 's a little touristy at times , but this is the nation 's tourism capital after all so what do we expect ! ?
I do n't mean " I could n't handle it " kind of way .
We see many people come here as families as well as couples - they have some big round tables , too .
I got the tortellini with mushrooms and it was scrumptious .
I tried to give zero stars but Yelp does n't allow that !
We got margaritas all around .
I was there when the college was out so the place was not crowed at all .
This is really the best pizza I 've ever had .
He came back and informed us that " they ran out of the couscous , and the mashed taro " AND the gnocchi ? ? ?
The pizza was undercooked , and cold when it arrived .
Great drinks ! ! !
What a terrible disappointment !
The red beans and rice were good too , they came with chicken sausage .
We paid 35 dollars for the " piano guys " to sing a song to the birthday girl .
Anybody who knows Italian knows this means " before " the pasta , not the pasta itself .
seems like a silly thing to mention in a review - but I challenge you to check it out !
My least satisfying meal in Chinatown , and I eat out alot all over the country .
About three hours after ..... I feel yucky .
Arrived to restaurant and were informed we could sit at bar to avoid waiting for service .
I am 5 ' 11 " and could see the band from the neck up about 60 % of the time .
Mr. B 's is not like your favorite outfit .
I 'm becoming a big fan of this place .
The hot wings were unimpressive , small and not worth the $ $ $ we paid .
Fried green tomatoes .
The wait staff was slow and rude .
The out door seating is a massive bonus on a nice day !
The food service is woefully understaffed and most of the many restaurants are closed most of the day .
We were told we 'd get our Indian goodness in 30 - 45 minutes .
They have small plates there , which are n't my thing , but the one person in my party who got one liked it .
If 0 stars was an option I would have selected that considering that the waitress attempted to murder my friend .
The waittress came out with a regular and double cappucino .
The decor is fun and cheeky , very much a representation of what the Bywater offers .
Since I usually only eat here once a year , I expected to see changes in the menu .
All in all it was a disaster and I 'll never return .
To counteract the dryness she ordered a side of guacamole , which also was a little atypical .
I had high hopes for this place since the parking lot was full .
The waiter accidentally forgot to take one of our orders and later gave us complementary dessert to make up for it !
Stumbled upon this place and thought it was cute and cozy .
This place is well worth eating at .
She then moved to the adjacent empty table and did the same procedures again .
Did not try it for dinner so ca n't say .
The lamb was perfectly cooked and delicious , the oysters were good , especially for July and the stuffed prawns were average .
If this is how you treat your customers , I do n't care how good your food tastes .
Went for lunch and got the chicken gyro .
My wife got an omelet of modest size but smaller than I 'd like , which tasted very good .
I enjoyed my dinner at Luke .
The tacos looked tempting , but i had the pretzel burger and it was really good .
My huevos rancheros were average , certainly not worth $ 18 ; my husbands monte Cristo was good .
Whenever you pass by you never see many cars so you get tricked into thinking that you could get in and out fast .
I 'm sure glad I was there for a convention and did n't pay out of my own pocket for this ridiculous hotel .
I first heard of this place from a dude I know , and then I heard Craig LaBan called it the best burger in the city .
I also had some of the pasta someone got - it was also very good .
I really do enjoy this food .
You ca n't beat this place .
Got to go to Modestos 2 times in the same week !
My experience was just ok .
They have a Bloody Mary bar which was fun !
A pet peeve of ours is making us wait for table when there are a bunch in the room .
Bread tasted old and was dry .
Seating down stairs is also a little cramped but there 's a whole second floor with lots of room .
The beer was a little warmer than I like , but the mozzarella sticks were perfection .
They comped one round of apps but never once apologized or offered anything else .
I ca n't wait to get back up there and order a plate of dungeness crabs .
I 've been a server , and so I 'm ALWAYS polite and respectful .
I do n't think they understand the purpose of Groupon .
If carry out is n't a priority , do n't offer it .
$ 15 for 6 shrimp , 3 small flour tortillas , guac , sour cream , blah rice , and refried beans .
I love the Florentine omelet and my husband loves the eggs Provençale .
The wings were tasty , but were a little undercooked .
We could n't finish it for that reason because we did n't want to end up reaching for bottles of water afterwards .
Recently took my family over to Shephards for a Birthday celebration .
This place us a great vibe with an authentic feel ! !
At lunch , I normally get the " Goodness " which is a hummus wrap and it comes with a choice of a side ( $ 8) .
It also had a wall mounted TV .
I fell in love with their french toast and my boyfriend loved the sausage and cheese omelette .
Anyway , I ordered just 2 rolls , the volcano roll , as described in another yelper 's review , was amazing .
The fried pickles were decent and the tacos were excellent !
Everyone there is really friendly and no one ever seems stressed out at all ever !
If you want to dine in , you 'll be motioned to a table .
Food : I ordered Eggplant Parmesan , Lemon Chicken soup , Baklava , and a soda .
On a different note , the meal was amazing ( fettuccine Alfredo ) with kale , edamame , and quinoa salad .
I chose the butternut squash gnocchi which was tasty but heavy .
Never had Malaysian food before eating here , but it 's extremely good .
I had a bowl that had shrimp , rice , beans , guacamole , salsa , and queso fresco .
Overall , great place !
My dad was bummed because he had just discovered it and was n't able to find it anymore .
We booked a greenhouse atrium view room , and got the Delta area .
My husband had the beef stroganoff soup and the Cuban and they were both fantastic .
An absolute treasure in the warehouse district !
Obviously , none of us are going back , and I could n't recommend Yah Mon to anyone with whom I wanted to stay friends .
The 5th star is withheld because of the crowded dining room and noise level .
A really cute new coffee shop in town .
Overall , they enjoyed their dinner but I think they would have been happier with just the sandwich because it was on point .
The staff was friendly and helpful .
The quesadillas are very big and are full of some pretty unique combinations .
Good service , even better queso .
And the service was also very good .
Having grown up in New York , I usually have to temper my review of local - made bagels .
Since we were famished from all of the decision making , we decided to give it a whirl .
I also tried some Boudin , which I did nt except to be on the dry side , but i twas worth checking out .
There is no " bar " to walk up to and select food from .
Every single day I go hoping that the food wo n't taste stale ... everyday I 'm disappointed .
Not to mention that the person working there - the owner ?
It was good however the portion size was so small in comparison to my boyfriend 's dinner ; it looked like an appetizer .
I loved the massage , the food was great !
A to of people have complained about the service but our server was lovely , I forgot her name though .
My review of Mae 's Chinese Restaurant was long overdue for an update .
Excellent service , The Waiters and Waitresses were wonderful and very nice .
I love this place ... stop whenever I can ; either at this location or the Philadelphia one .
I do appreciate that there 's an upscale vibe on the inside , however , alongside a more casual one under the outdoor awning .
Kids at free as we were staying at hotel .
There is a sommelier on staff and they 've got caught an exhaustive list of wines and other alcohol .
The ham , egg , and Brie on brioche toast was okay .
quite the professional response Caroline .
The waitstaff was a bit spotty but not anything too terrible to deal with and the live music that night was enjoyable .
With that in mind , we decided to take a seat at the counter .
( Go Bolts ! ) I have done that multiple times now , and I have enjoyed it each time .
I was all set for a great breakfast , and was so disappointed .
Mind you , we are witnessing all of this due to the glass , and the manager is facing us and the kitchen when he says this .
I had ordered 4 for on the road and request the veggie in a different bag and in toasted it .
Saw some great reviews for Butcher & Bee , so my friend and I decided to make the trip over to East Nashville .
THE WORST PIZZA I HAVE HAD IN THE AREA ! !
I can not express how much I LOVE this place !
let me say thank you to the owner and staff !
I also got the house salad , which was also really good !
Instead of each ordering a second , we split the heirloom tomato .
The prices are on the high side but the food itself is pretty good .
Only minor complaint was the drink service was a bit slow .
The bun seemed fresh and homemade .
I sent 3 - 4 emails and called 6 - 7 times to try and purchase a gift card from this restaurant .
I also ordered the curried chicken fried rice it comes with a cucumber sauce very good as well .
Such a cute , well - decorated nook !
The staff were friendly , if not a bit frazzled ... I mean they literally just opened , so no biggie .
I would n't go back for dinner but would definitely stop by the storefront to pick up some pralines .
Javan 's is no more :'( I miss it already .
They are very oversized , looking like small pillows .
I do n't have to drive to the southside of Tucson for authentic Mexican food .
I got the gnocchi 's with sherry and tomatoes and it was terrible .
I was pleased because this usually means good food .
I give them 2 stars : One star for location and one star for the DJ since he was doing a good job .
If you live in Santa Barbara it is worth the trip .
It 's nice they have two options for ordering , a self serve kiosk as well as though a cashier .
1 plain pizza , 4 cheesesteaks total , ( 2 plain , 1 Special Steak , and one with fried onions and hot peppers . ) .
The people at this location are always friendly !
Crawfish Etouffee was great and the drinks were fantastic .
Not a good look ...
Neat atmosphere , especially when the weather is nice and you can sit outside by the wine bar area !
We have had a lot of different sushi rolls here and all of them are fantastic .
Meanwhile , a gentleman​ came and offered us food that we never ordered ...
A co - worker recommended this place .
This place is n't even sanitary and should be closed !
The fish was n't over cooked at all and the potatoes and green beans were a good addition to the meal .
Really like the sweet potato fries and buffalo nuggets too !
We got there at 8:15 on Saturday and had to wait about 15 minutes for a table of 5 .
I have dreamt of it nightly since our visit .
He never once apologized for the uncleanliness and disorganization .
I got ta try the tea & of course a smoothie .
Salsa watered down and a little sour .
She did n't even ask if it 's to well down BURNT .
Food must have been precooked .
However , I do wish they change up the foie gras to other fancy items from time to time ( not a huge fan of liver in general ) .
Had a blast at the raw bar savoring their terrific bivalves and the local beers .
Our server was friendly and took our drink order .
Kitchen was slow seeing as the only cooked item was the steak salad .
Both dishes were great and plentiful .
It is a great service .
Excellent place for lunch .
They give you way too much rice and cucumber , there is a thin layer of actual fish .
My sushi was very bland and had no taste to it .
Regardless​ of the food quality ( which is fine for New Orleans ) , the service is horrible !
We had the daily oysters which were great .
I was very surprised when found out my meal was almost $ 11 when my card was ran .
There s a lovely wooden patio with plenty of heaters as well .
And , and extra glass containing nothing but ice !
I could n't finish it after eating the slice .
An hour after I ordered , I called to see where my food was .
One bartender did n't even know there was a new cocktail menu .
Must be really annoying in the winter !
Very friendly service !
Dining is also a great experience .
Luckily , Gosling 's was on the drink menu , which had several interesting N / A beverage options , to my delight .
Our server was actually at our table within minutes but , like I read another review , did not have much of a personality .
I ordered the tilefish that came with asparagus and fiddlehead ferns , and it was fantastic .
The veggies were amazing and could have been a meal themselves .
Went there twice and each time I said I 'd never go there again .
The service here was great .
This is a place you pull up to and question whether you should go in .
Everyone is nice and the food comes out quickly .
I liked our server Tikel he did everything he could to make our dinner special .
To me that makes 0 since , but I 'm sure they have reasons .
Tuesday ( tonight ) was trivia night .
Never had bad service here
The owner is friendly and our food was fast .
Awesome , awesome , awesome ... worth a try !
He was delighted with the light sauce .
The chicken wings were tasty , and the chips and dip are great .
I requested to speak with the manager ( Jennifer - I believe ) .
I got the crab Alfredo pasta and it was good .
It was noisy but that 's to be expected on a Saturday night .
I do n't know how I 'd never had pizza from here before , but I do n't think I 'll ever have pizza anywhere else now !
It was $ 11 for my chicken tikka rice bowl and two large masala samosas .
My only issue was WHAT - no BBQ sauce ?
Lunch buffet was amazing .
Sadly by the time we left FOUR hours later the view was a distant memory replaced with slow service and sub par food .
I went back for lunch recently and was excited by their sandwich offerings , however , I was not served .
The service from Bill was great , just enough with out being patronizing .
I wanted herb tea and almost all the teas were caffeinated except camomile , which I do n't like .
This was perfectly cooked with a nice taste .
My husband and I were thinking how it 's NY prices but better quality than most we have had at this price point .
The bbq pork was good , the bun was nicely toasted but the sauce was overly sweet for our liking .
Cheesesteaks are delicous and the pizza is addicting .
One of our local favorites ! ! !
The tortilla chips and salsa at the table are n't anything special .
The owner on the other hand is lovely .
Waitress took phone instead of writing it down .
Po boys had the perfect bread .
I like the larb gai a lot , but would love it if the cabbage strips turned back into wedges .
The manager John offered to colk another himself .
La Vi Vi is a good go to spot for the coffee , but the food is overpriced and i can make a better breakfast for sure .
so when another server did n't have a table they come serve us .
the store is adorable !
both the regular hoagie roll and the wheat roll are fantastic .
I had the duck enchiladas .
Many other spots close after lunch and do n't open again until 5 or 530 for dinner .
The oysters are amazing and especially the warm chocolate mouse dessert !
The murals are beautiful and the woodwork in the bar is beautiful .
We went in their first week open and I was sad that two different things I ordered off their menu , they did n't have made .
Love dining here .
Bread was fresh and so good .
I did n't want extra meat .
I 'm new to the area , and live within walking distance , so I thought I would give it a shot .
I do n't think that insulting your guest 's palate is a great customer service technique .
I can honestly say that one of my favorite meals of all time is here .
The service was outstanding and food was phenomenal !
This was also really great pacing of our meal !
I topped it with spinach , American cheese , sweet peppers , pickles and both spicy and honey mustard .
I do n't like sweet pizza sauce either .
Luckily , his shrimp were large and flavorful .
Last but not least , the drinks .
I had the catfish and it was well breaded , and flaky on the inside .
If the doors were unlocked you would n't have to roll your eyes and come unlock it .
I love the atmosphere and set up , it is very modern and calming .
The food was awesome and I would definitely recommend it .
I dined here with a group of 8 people .
The server brought me lemon slices , which were difficult to squeeze into my dish of soy sauce .
The server did a great job handling all of our orders and attitudes .
The food is amazing ever time we go .
The service was great however she made us wait a little too long for the bill ...
Also , as a ranch fanatic ( none of that nasty Hidden Valley , homemade only ) I have to say that 312 's is THE BEST .
I can only comment on the vermicelli bowls because I have never had the Pho .
I got a cheeseburger ( Cheddar , no bun ) , double pickles , tomato , lettuce and onion .
I arrived first and was invited to sit anywhere , so I chose a little table for two .
Prices were good too .
I did not like the polenta fries , but the rest of the food made up for it .
I did enjoy those chunks of brownie pieces though !
This was my 1st visit here .
One of the things I like about The Block is you can also purchase fresh butchered meats here !
I wanted oysters , as in welcome to NOLA - oysters .
The mansion was a perfect backdrop for a romantic and intimate wedding without feeling cramped .
The meat on the ribs had great flavor but was as tender as the bottom of my nikes .
The prep area is wide open so you can watch while they make your bowl .
It was sort of like a salmon but had absolutely no seasoning on it .
Terrible decision to order from this place , never again .
During weekdays the food is always cooked and seasoned wonderfully and its a great experience every time .
The peanut punch is a must have .
I am not a beer drinker so I ca n't comment on the beers but all of the friends that I have gone with enjoy the beer there .
We were told to " check back every 10 minutes " for a starting 45 minute wait .
My friend loved her Veal Vivian .
My guest and I brushed it off , and started having a conversation while looking at the drink menu .
Daughters BFF loved the super buttery salty bread , but we did not .
I recently had dinner here with my wife over the weekend and could not have been more pleased !
No small number of dishes were bowls or narrow plates of red gravy that completely obscured whatever lay beneath .
I got lucky driving home last month from Orlando .
I really do n't know how they are staying in business .
A little bit sloppy and hard to eat but that 's better than a dry and gross burrito .
So I asked the waitress for a recommendation .
The noodles are really flavorful and yummy .
The decor was nonexistent , bathroom filthy , and our appetizer was served after our main courses .
The au jus or whatever it was , was n't that great .
On a plus , the host ... John ... is one of the best I 've run into in Bucks .
Everything we ate was great - apps , sides , meats , desserts .
This is a popular place to go for us students after exams on Friday .
When I called in they said I can have a free meal on them for the mistake .
The fish is fresh and the rolls are a healthy size .
This is a really great hotel .
If I had more room I would have had one of the pastries which looked delicious !
they take care of our kids ...
Best blueberry muffin I 've ever had in my whole entire life .
Food is good overall- when I went they had a grilled cheese of the week or night which was fun .
The mushroom pizza is also fabulous .
Do n't go to a place where the staff dance and sing if you do n't like that sort of thing .
After reading some of the reviews just about Joes I am horrified .
I can only speak for their shrimp and grits as that 's all I tried but it was extremely delicious .
I was hesitant to try my sandwich at first , thinking it must not be very good if it 's that cheap .
When my mom 's gumbo was too dry , the waiter gave her another gumbo .
The problem is the food is so good I have no choice but to put up with this employee who does nt seem to care ..
Sat at the bar , thinking that would be quicker .
Overall a good place for a cheap meal .
I asked for a clean plate .
My boyfriend indulged in the cornbeef hash which was yummy .
Honestly , more than friendly , almost like a community - very very comfortable .
Chicken Mole ' was good and one of my friends had a slow roasted pork dish that was good as well .
Definitely loved both of them and their prices were exactly what I would expect to pay .
The desserts are just ridiculous !
Also the best employee we encountered , btw ) insisted on having the manager speak to me .
Very open space .
On the quiet side so it 's perfect for visiting as well .
The piano is a nice touch as well .
I did n't dream of having a Boiling Crab - esque restaurant out here , but here I am .
Bad experience !
After ordering , it took another 10 minutes just to get the waters we asked for .
It seems like every complaint from the bad reviews were duplicated in our experience .
My seat have a nacho cheese on it ..
Lemme break it down :
There is also a sign that advertises the " cleanest bathroom in town " ....
they are n't losing out on any alcohol sales , since they do n't have a liquor license .
local bands actually played there the night after ) , but it just kind of takes away from the feel they were going for .
The buffet presentation we looked at was simply not up to snuff .
A great little eatery .
The restaurant itself is very dirty and obviously not well maintained .
The restaurant is really nice and they have good drinks ..
I have been here quite a few times and it 's all pretty good .
We also had the Miso soup which was one of the best miso soups we 've had .
My son and I ordered a Greek Salad and an amazing pizza .
Usually at the end of the meal , they bring out oranges and pineapple , which is a nice touch .
We came here for happy hour .
And they make the best fries ever ! !
For our entrees I ordered a filet accompanied by a chipotle sauce.and my girlfriend ordered the chicken fajitas .
A generous mixture of melted butter and honey was poured over the top of the bread and made it amazing .
So I decided to just eat the meat .
THAT will affect your tip , chica ! !
It is a peaceful way to briing a lazy summer weekend to a close .
We ordered our favorite koobedieh kebab and that was a disappointment .
Happened upon this gem .
They could see we had a sleeping child in the stroller , but made no effort to come up with any sort of accommodation .
A great plus for me bc I hate driving around looking for parking
The atmosphere is pretty chill , and the staff is very nice and polite .
A touch dry but totally edible still .
Straight hands all the way down the bar , even the vegetables .
My wife and I recently went on a Friday night and were able to get a table rather quickly .
Bacon and biscuits were yummy .
If u r looking for an awesome authentic Italian cusine restaurant in Tucson , I highly recommend Contessa off of Ina Rd .
I love , love , love their truffle tots ! ! !
They have great stromboli ( which are HUGE ) and thier sicilian pie is the best I have every had .
I had the pleasure of doing a curry taste test at a recent Thai festival in Florrisant and Sala Thai was the best by far .
Nothing was over cooked , just did n't like the batter .
I love all Asian , but I never had anything like this , It was a horrible tasteless mess , loaded with grease and sodium .
Our server said the pork chop , the pork and dumplings , and the white wine braised pork were the three most popular entrees .
Short wait , but the food was more than worth it .
Stopped by while in town for a quick breakfast and was very pleased .
Came here for a birthday dinner , arriving at about 5:20 on a Saturday .
When we sat down , I asked the server to wrap the burger in lettuce vs.
Anthony 's Coal Fired Pizza is definitely one of the best pizza places in the area .
the sauce is sweet , which i usually do n't like , but they pull it off .
I heard a lot of hype about this place from locals .
Went to Livery tonight for my birthday .
Jazz music was playing and I felt at home .
Actually , the service is n't that bad ...
A lot of people rave about Jack 's , but Joey 's has a unique taste .
After looking at other reviews on Yelp , I had to come here !
It 's a really fun , busy atmosphere .
The service was a bit slow at first but improved once we ordered drinks .
Anyways , we finished all of our appetizers and waited an incredibly long time for the shrimp and grits .
Great recommendation by the Green House Inn staff !
Mussel , crab legs were not fresh at all .
Tuesday , It was the first bar that I set foot in about an hour after landing .
Hush puppies were whatever .
but you d better like lettuce , because they re generous with it ,
And no one did speak English but I did n't have a problem communicating since I could read what was on their menu .
I got the Stack , friends got French Toast w/ Brie cheese .
I really want to give Taj India a break because I really appreciate them for being there .
I would have been more happy if they stopped by a bit more than they did .
Pulled pork was moist , larger chunks / not shredded , but again ...
Where 's the Mexican rice ? ? ?
We were not , so they must have changed their policy .
The servers could not be any nicer .
The other bread was on par as well .
The idea is cool , but the tacos were a bit of a disappointment .
Service was quick we also had a huge group ! , we were satisfied overall great food we will return try more off the menu ! !
The tables are far enough away from each other that you really feel like you are enjoying an outdoor picnic .
Had the pleasure of dining here with the parents , kids , and the wife this past Sunday .
The appetizers are all good- my favorite is the Caesar salad or the bruschetta .
Great options for smoothies and of course you can customize with add ins - like Maca , Moringa , Spirulina , etc .
This was my first time at Cheddar 's , and it was not a very good impression .
I held for about 3 minutes before she picked up .
Their carne is also good and i also mess w a caramelo from time to time .
The same story happened with the beef tacos .
There is a sign inside warning not to park in front of Cacias .
( $ 2 a cup ) They have a zillion choices of creme brule ' , and rather large starter salads that are almost a meal in themselves .
So , I got the crispy chick'n sandwich and sweet potato fries ; both of these items really just hit the spot .
Would definitely recommend if you 're in the Fats City area .
Hot steamy tofu soup ... I love you so much !
The atmosphere is so great .
Our trip to Nashville was two months ago and we still talk about it .
The whole dinner took less then an hour .
If you are mildly interested in taking a ride on the Mississippi , you wo n't be disappointed if you ride on Steamboat Natchez .
I loved their crispy applewood bacon .
Two real beef patties , BBQ pork , cheese and BACON .
Unfortunately this was my first time eating there .
The service , attentive and prompt , rounded out a reasonably priced and enjoyable lunch on a rainy day .
Three of us ordered tacos and for $ 11 to $ 13 a plate we received only two tacos per order .
Some outdoor seating or you can always head across the street to the park for an impromptu picnic .
It 's not that they were being lazy , the phone was ringing off the hook , even on a Monday .
Was also surprised that I was the only one in there but also was happy because my order was done in about 5 m.
I always bring my out of town friends here and everyone loves it .
The crab cake was perfect and tasted really fresh , and the fried fish not too greasy - which can often be the case .
Spent 30 dollars on the Asian Bouillabaisse and then later spent 3 hours throwing it up back .
They have an ATM machine inside but that 's going to cost you unnecessary dolla bills so plan ahead of time , ok sonny ?
Let 's step it up TJ Flats .
I had a BLT slider ... pork heaven .
My son took us here for our 28 year wedding anniversary .
I would n't even give one star ...
I was expecting a awesome burger , alas it was not to be .
It was my first time eating turtle soup .
Breakfast served 9a-11a .
Definitely the cheapest and probably only late night pizza place here in SB .
The food is really great .
Named after a famous police reporter , so naturally , I feel comfortable working there .
Food is excellent and authentic .
Do n't use those coffee size names if your employees do n't even know what they mean .
Knowing I had to wait last time , I planned on it taking 30 minutes and left my home accordingly .
My opinion of this place has not changed ...
Both are always great choices .
It 's sliced thick and has a nice spicy kick to it .
Was greeted last though I got there before 2 other people .
Most of the time , it is a disappointing experience but this place is not .
I do n't understand the hype , but if the line is n't too long it 's not bad for normal breakfast food .
We got the bottomless Bellini for $ 18 , but it took forever for them to replace our next champagne bottle .
Great food ! !
Entrees , appetizers and sides were all delicious .
Family style sides ... delicious .
Unfriendly cashier .
Cindy is a lot of fun and super nice ! ! !
Appetizers were delicious .
The ground beef had no seasoning .
The wine menu is pretty impressive to say the least .
Very good lunch !
The service was also great too .
And the staff was wonderful !
It 's a little place - primarily take out , i think .
Since the re - opening , there have been some growing pains .
Get the cinnamon roll ! ! ! !
The food is either super hot or just above cool ? .
The reception was a mad house with hundreds and hundreds of people checking in for New Year 's eve .
The food was disappointing overall , but the service was so good .
The sandwich was good , but basic .
Fried pickles and the smash fries are so good ! !
Fries were great too .
They were so potent u could hardly drink them .
The service was great and the food was good as well .
The prices are fair , kinda average I guess .
I have been to quite a few thai places and this by far has to be my most favourite ! !
Went there once and they informed us they were out of straws .
We ventured over here on Friday at noon and the wait was about 30 minutes .
Waiter apolgized but still charged us full price plus $ .95 per topping instead of menu price of $ .50 .
One bad thing is that it is cash only ...
Service is extremely kind and friendly as well .
We ordered all of the appetizers to share with our guests , and the tuna devlied eggs was the best thing I ate .
The pizza is thin and crispy and the salads are mounding and flavorful .
I got a veggie burger , a regular beef slider and a chicken burger and fries .
Then once I finally got the the window nobody even apologized for making us all wait for horribly long time .
I wanted a lunch portion and my only option felt like it was fried .
The açaí bowls were also to die for .
Had a dinner there with my family last night .
Our group of 7 people occupied the big round table so we got enough table space for all the materials .
The truck was n't there the first few times I tried to go , so I 'm not sure if he goes on vacation at some point .
My fiancée and I shared their warm salad with vinaigrette as an app .
I specifically told them not toasted , and no middle slice of bread .
However , they were so doughy with a really thick wrapper too thick that it detracted from the good filling .
Do n't expect much else though as they are the only thing on the menu .
The pizza was hot but the crust lacked flavor and was very greasy .
l love the wood - fire chicken at Pita Jungle and order it every time I go .
Very summer sweet .
The 1 Star is for the kind people that waited on me .
Our steaks came out on hot metal plates that were inserted into a cooler outer shell .
The space is really neat .
The food , as well as the service and the ambiance are a poor showing , more hype than substance .
Loved Penang during my time in Boston , so I was excited to see one in Philly 's chinatown !
no bewildered stare .
Now , it was n't by far the best cheesesteak I 've had but right square dead in the middle of good and average .
I had the Key West sampler platter .
The ambiance inside the restaurant is terrible - they 've got some major issues .
To my surprise , this place is excellent .
My table got the berry pancakes , the savory pancakes , and the grilled cheese with truffles .
The food is delicious , interesting , and plentiful !
He then waited until I finished the glass I had before pouring the next .
I liked Hardees breakfast menu a lot .
I eat here at least once a month , and more often when possible .
Recently remodeled Eegees on the south side near the airport and not too far from Valencia and i-10 .
The food is fresh , unique combinations , and you can tell its made with love .
Better than New China , we 'll give this another shot since multiple reviews very based on day it seems
Also , it was a year ago & a weeknight during the off - season for New Orleans , but the waitress was very friendly & attentive .
But , it was n't enough of an issue to knock a star off .
But sadly , it 's just become a shell of its former glory .
The kitchen is that small they ca n't time the dishes to come out .
The boys were fine , they went to the bar and made friends with what seemed to be like a regular crowd .
We also ordered a single mini - sized same cake just for my daughter .
I went in with a small group of four .
They had a great selection of sides and I 'd be happy just eating them next time .
Aside from that , I went there with my fiance on Saturday night around 7:00 pm .
I mean the food is good as always , but the service is absolutely horrible .
I had the Sweet Fire Chicken which were nice cuts of white meat chicken with no gristle / fat .
Shrimp cocktail was good , but I do n't understand all the love ?
I have gone to coffee shops to work for years and have never been bothered by this noise , however here it 's just too much .
The sweet sauce was a little too molassesey for me .
I came here for my birthday as mentioned by Aria S.
If they could get there process better it would be 4 star because the food is 4 star .
If you 're from around the area , then you 'll find them ok , but they are nothing like a real NY bagel .
I got the hot fudge topping over it and that was a great combination .
I 'm not one to order a dozen donuts every Sunday ... I'm no donut seeker ... but I 'd seek these .
Tour guide over the speakers is unobtrusive but does tell some interesting about NOLA and the surrounding communities .
The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the place is cool but the food was bad .
BEST place in Indianapolis !
the salad to start with , then we moved on to boudin , then onto brunch .
There 's also a great selection of wines by the glass and some excellent house - brewed beer .
An absolutely delicious restaurant .
Would have given 5 stars for the food alone , but we had a little snafu with our reservation .
The service was also rather slow .
We traveled from sunny Dunedin Florida to find the perfect dive bar .
The whole staff was amazing I will forever recommend this place 10 Stars .
He really takes the time to talk to our daughter and she likes that a lot ( she is 4 ) .
Their fried rices , chicken lo mein and General tso 's are awesome .
Like a million other New Yorkers , our move to Tampa has NOT found great food .
The broth was good , not as good as mine but whose is ?
Everyone enjoys , we 've loved everything we 've had here and the prices are on point for the food .
As a plus , the bathrooms are also very nice and clean !
This place quite simply has the best pho I 've ever tasted , and I have had it all over the city .
The service is impeccable and their drink menu , especially all of their martinis , are to die for !
Great little spot off the beaten path .
Since got the baked creole eggs and enjoyed it .
I went in for a quick donut run around 5 pm .
Even though we appreciate the apology very much !
All of that and the hot dogs were great too !
Even the beer tastes better at the tap room ..
The black paella was delicious - no fishy taste even though it used squid ink .
An overall poor performance from the kitchen .
Overall , the pho was mediocre , but does not compare to Vietnam palace .
The service was fabulous !
FYI - they are now run by the owners of Miss Saigon and I had that very same dish there .
Once you get to Cafe du Monde and realize what a scam it is , be sure to come here instead !
I was amazed he ate every bite in about 10 minutes .
This hidden diamond is fabulous and the reason going out to eat can be so fun .
This has rapidly become our new favorite breakfast spot .
I was immediately a fan of the relaxed and creative ambiance .
For dinner I had the DaKine Bowl .
They are fresh not pickled and sometimes has seeds which makes it even spicier which is good ! !
I would get this every time and Mike agreed .
The Brussel sprouts had a seared and sweet vinaigrette flavor .
Joel ( bartender / server extraordinaire ) was charming - that comment extends to all staff .
The management seems really poor and I 'm shocked that the owner of Holdren 's has allowed this place to exist in this fashion .
I think the best part is the variety they have on the menu .
" This shiz is going to be awesome ! "
Light , a little fluffy , and buttery , perfectly prepared .
I have eaten here a hundred times .
The food came out quickly and the service was great !
Romantic experience , fun and relaxing .
I guess that is n't odd since both are just vehicles for cheese .
Too sweet for my taste .
One of the worst experiences at a Mexican joint I 've ever had .
I had fish tacos and they were fabulous !
We also had a seafood special that was equally uninspired .
Food was mediocre & service was marginal .
Especially since the weather is nice , and it is next door to a lovely antique shop .
Macaroni bites , homemade chocolate ice cream and homemade brownies were all killer .
The meal was nice , we ordered drinks and were not carded as we usually are although we are both 23 .
Whoever takes care of the place does a good job .
I will definitely come back here if we 're at the citadel again .
Some of the best eats I 've ever had ! !
Also a very nice feature is their $ 4 wine nights on Wednesdays , which is always a plus .
A year ago , I emphetically would proclaim it to be my favorite restaurant in the city .
We ate here on a Saturday morning at 8:30am .
I soon found out what people in the South were all about .
Back in the day they were the only place I knew that did the Japanese Habashi thing .
My kabob was delicious , as were the potatoes that came with it , so I 'll stick with the 3 stars .
I think I stuck to wine because the cocktails were a little strange to me .
We tried quite a few and they were all tasty with an interesting amalgamation of flavors and seasonings .
I highly recommend Siam Elephant and it always is my favorite Thai restaurant .
There 's way too many other great restaurants in New Orleans to settle for a place like this .
We shared a side of Crab au Gratin that was killer !
But you can tell this is a place where people are expected to hustle .
All of the food looked like generous portions and looked yummy to Me .
My other criticism ?
But my experience is true .
Such a breath of fresh air and a relief from the numbingly bad diners that we have here in Largo Clearwater .
The staff is also fantastic - friendly , even early in the morning .
Although I 've had better Panna cotta ( must try yokosuna 's ) and we also ordered the warp apple crisp .
Valet was slow and they were n't about to help with the bags or help anyone into the car until $ 20 came out .
It definitely is a bit on the pricier side for a local joint but you get what you pay for !
The mac and cheese had very little cheese , no flavor , just some flavorless crab on a lot of breaded macaroni .
People can argue about how authentically Sichuan it is ... whatever .
I do nt ' know if they still make it , but the Chilean sea bass with pumpkin mole was one of the tastiest things I 've ever eaten .
We went on to eat many more things which i will try to name now ...
It 's a great sauce , quality cheese , etc .
I did enjoy the food they DID have on the menu though !
He really enjoyed his dish , and I 'm not a huge fan of fishy - fish dishes but this one was a great dish !
I got the vegetarian burro ( which was a big burrito ) and I asked for potatoes in it .
Take three we ordered the snicker doodle cookie because we could see a dozen .
This pizza tastes the same as how pizza tastes in good restaurants and pizzerie , in Italy .
We 've been going to Saki almost every week ( sometimes multiple times a week ) for the last 2 years .
It looks like a dive from the outside , but it 's great and the service was also impeccable .
I thought the salad was tasty but nothing special , despite the white chocolate shavings .
It 's the closest thing u have to an authentic taiwanese cuisine in the middle of Reno !
It was a heaping hot ( literally ) mess of soggy duck ( not a true confit that 's for sure ) on some ( bib and romaine ? ?
The bartender was great - I ordered a long island and she warned me that they are huge and $ 13 .
I had the grits and the salsa / eggs / quesadilla .
When he did " Sweet Caroline " in an operatic style , all we could do was laugh !
The reason I gave 3 .
The seitan was way too salty with no other flavour and the tacos were very bland .
This place is a great spot to sit outside and enjoy your lunch .
This is a great neighborhood spot .
The young girls who work there are n't good baristas .
I read reviews that the servicehere was lacking and the bartenders were rude , but this was not our experience .
Overall , its a pretty good place if you 're looking for decent French food .
And then sweet potato fries .
It was like eating spoonfuls of bbq sauce .
The food took too long considering it was not crowded .
I ordered the house potatoes and they were so hard I could not eat them .
This place is the real deal .
He made several unusual but incredibly good drinks .
Awesome atmosphere and the staff was sooooooo friendly !
The shrimp was slightly over cooked and presented a noticeable but subtle mushiness .
grow up and take criticism well , you are a small / ok place-
I stopped in for an early lunch and was the first customer of the day .
Needless to say this play is ok at best .
The broccoli rabe was lifeless and freezing .
The customer service is incredible , the food ...
I hear they have the best to - go cups in town , and we totally missed out on that .
Owner and Manager , Pay attention .
I stopped in for brunch on Saturday and had a fantastic experience .
Needless to say I 'm disappointed for wasting $ 16.95 and never returning to this place .
But , well , they looked and tasted like normal fat fries except possibly on the drier side .
I never write reviews on yelp and this place was so good that I felt the need to login and write a review .
The only reason I did n't give 5 stars is because there were crumbs on the seat and the hostess was n't friendly .
Staff was real nice .
Big fan of this place and do n't know why it 's not overflowing with people .
Ordered BBQ ribs , dumplings , bourbon chicken , pork , beef and pad Thai .
The tuna was good , but the halibut had more flavor , IMO .
So I 'm walking around looking for a place to eat and stop in here because it 's not a chain type place , looks local .
Very relaxing dinner !
This restaurant is like a mini museum !
Great little place .
The meat in the gyros was bland , dry , cold , and quite obviously not cooked on a spit .
Their prices are incredibly reasonable with most things $ 5-$6 .
The interior , lighting , and volume here were all very good .
I 've been twice in the last week and both times they have messed up my orders .
There were the usual squirt bottles of three typical bbq sauces .
We both love the everything pie We tried the meat - lovers but felt the pancetta made it a bit too salty .
Awful - long wait times , slow service , out of ingredients , and orders filled sloppily and incorrectly .
I was glad to see a steady stream of people coming in to eat and drink and the IHOP next door was totally empty .
I 'm not normally a fan of beans , but they tasted fine in the chili .
I admit , I have walked past this place about 20 times thinking it was a hipster / pretentious hang out .
Iced tea came with lunch .
Each 12 " Quesadilla was served on a tray lined with foil .
Best service we 've had in a long time :)
At Xochitl , I had both the best of food and the worst of drinks which is why I only gave it 3 stars .
My lobster ravioli was amazing and everything is so fresh !
Oh yeah the beer very good .
The tacos are not as filling as the burritos , but they 're a delicious lighter option .
I took shots at no one
If you are looking for a po - boy and you like pork and shrimp , try " the legend " , you wo n't be dessapointed .
I ca n't wait to try one of the donuts .
I have to say that I 'm a coffee addict and they have me hooked ... I would even say that they are better than Starbucks .
All the food was well worth all the BS I went through up till this point .
its more like the american chinese restaurants ! ! !
So many choices to choose from and you ca n't go wrong with any choice you make .
Ok , so they have good food and some really great coffee .
Food was just average .
Fair prices and excellent wines and cheese .
The menu looked good and the atmosphere was great .
But the carrots were underdone which was disappointing .
They charging $ 1.75 for ONE plain donut and $ 2.75 for " fancy " donuts ....
This place is adorable but expensive .
Slowww , Horrible service , staff was extremely rude and the pizza is over priced .
Flat out amazing seafood .
The cheese fries are amazing too !
For our entrees , we had the Imperial Roll , Volcano Roll , and salmon skin hand rolls .
It 's cheap , but the amount and quality seems like it should be more expensive .
Gave then 2 hours notice .
The service was satisfactory .
The crepes are amazing !
We shared a " barely ok " pizza and slice of chocolate cake , which seemed to be at least a few days old .
Long story short - I received AWESOME customer service from the Local Taco staff , and Bryan Haas especially .
We ordered Breakfast Ya Ya and the crayfish omelet with bloody marys .
Ca n't wait to go back and try something else with friends and family .
We started off with an appetizer and shared a dozen of the Morrow Bay Oysters and Kusshi Oysters .
I go because my husband likes it as for me I 'd rather go to a different BBQ spot .
I think both were very good ( especially their chicken sliders ) .
They have a few tables set up to eat it , but it looks like their primary business is simple take - out .
Yes , a large homemade cheddar drop biscuit brought to the table almost as soon as we sat down .
The coconut rice was great and made a nice combo mixed with the crispy fried things and the two sambals .
I really enjoyed our experience and the carafe of mimosas !
We used to go here a lot but now we go to another one .
They were playing the Muppets movie in the corner .
Their oysters were awesome too !
The staff is always friendly and attentive , and the food is pretttty good .
My friends and I ( 6 people ) had a reservation for brunch on Sunday .
2 years back I gave an unfavorable review for " bleachy " smelling t - cups and earthy tasting imago .
By now you 've read what type of place this is .
The drum was wonderful and flakey .
The food was very tasty and a definite reason to stop there for a sandwich at any time .
The ribs were just ok , the brisket was an end piece and was burned and inedible .
In all , I really enjoyed the sweet potato pancakes which were by far the best I ever had .
The staff is friendly ... always .
The first time I tried this place I was in love .
Came here for brunch with family and friends and we really enjoyed our meals .
I hear their bargain breakfast is ( $ 3.95 ) quite the deal , and worth the price .
Not only that - but the music they wanted to blast ...
There were two employees running the drive - thru and one employee just filling orders for the walk - ins .
I would say I am a pretty critical eater .
The dishes were light , fresh , and had really excellent mixes of flavors and textures .
The drinks were generous and the bartender was friendly .
We had a a table for three but decided to sit at the bar and watch the Eagles get rocked .
The waitress got her full tip .
The decor and atmosphere is great , it 's a nice clean establishment with great service .
Not only is the food delicious , you are also contributing to the community it 's so great .
I 'm not usually a biscuit fan , but event the biscuits at Horn 's were good !
Homemade Bread brought complimentary as you wait for your meal ! !
You can sit on the back dock and listen to the music .
As a sushi restaurant in the midwest , I 'm a big fan of Mizu 's over other restaurants such as Wasabi , Tachibana , Fuji 's , etc .
My roommate and I were craving sushi and were recommended to come here by Yelp and a friend so we decided to give it a shot .
I 've had mixed experiences here .
Ambiance : A pretty small joint with bright colors that really liven up the room .
I 'm just going to throw this out there , but the people below who gave 1 - 2 star reviews are fools .
Price is okay , a little bit more expensive than some of the other spots around but totally worth it .
A good place to know about for sure !
Prices were a little on the high side for the type of restaurant it is supposed to be in that area .
I tend to eat french toast in every town I go to for comparison - hee .
The sauce was nothing like what I expected- in a good way !
Pork ribs are excellent .
Just had breakfast here this morning .
I think this place is a lil better than Panera Bread .
She recommended the steak tartar in a jar and we ordered two pastas .
My husband ordered the trout sandwich , unfortunately , he was disappointed that it was basically a ' tuna salad ' sandwich .
I had pork loin wrapped in bacon , and it was very good .
The pork BBQ was kinda dry but the sauces available were good .
It tasted natural , not too sweet with actual fruit preserves in it !
The Bloody Mary basically came with an appetizer on top .
But the service sucks so bad , I would n't recommend it .
The service was horrendous , period
I went in with high hopes .
They were passing out a lot menu items .
Menu is in one of the posted pictures ... "Try a Tlayuda(Mexican Pizza ) " ! ! !
Had the pastrami , chicken bacon ranch , and big tommys roast beef sandwich .... all good !
My friend ordered a cinnamon sugar donut while she waited for her actual food and that was delicious .
Went there last night ; sat at the bar to watch the hockey and basketball games .
It always helps when you serve Sarcone 's bread , and certainly you will not leave here wanting more .
The staff and food here is top notch !
Everything was fresh and full of flavor !
Just FYI all the prices listed on here are wrong .
So much , that it got in my way so I had to remove some of it and set it to the side .
Food was excellent , atmosphere was nice , cozy even .
Really good grilled / BBQ food ... but not worth the price they put on it .
The food is tasty and drinks delicious !
Blues city deli is seriously the best sandwich place in the city ! !
They were out of Bread Pudding , which was a big disappointment .
The fried green tomato BLT is amazing ! ! !
The service is not exactly the best , they only come do something when asked to .
rice and fish were both a little dry but overall meal was great .
My wife and I ordered the meat and veggie lasagna which was enough for 2 big meals for each of us and then some .
The sandwich was delicious , the service friendly and the ambiance lovely .
Service was excellent & ticket times were running quick for it being so very busy .
When Yelp searching this place popped up so it was a must for breakfast .
Pizza crust was perfect - thin & crispy .
We were pleasantly surprised to find a lunch buffet here on a recent Friday afternoon visit .
A client recommended this place to me .
We felt the cost was excessive for what we received .
We skipped lunch and were starving so would have been happy with anything served .
Tried this place out after the beach and what a surprise .
There 's no way that a roux was made .
And the company was just as inviting .
But then it was time for the main attraction of the night : our large 1/2 Bucktown and 1/2 South Side Classico .
We took our infant son and thanks to all the noise and hustle and bustle , his noises did n't bother anybody .
I first had this stuff in Cincinnati , and I was thrilled to when a location opened in Clearwater .
A plus is that the folks are nice and the location makes it feel " real . "
That would have been cool if the super peppy waiters had said anything about that ...
this really adds to the general charm of the place and speaks to the quality of the food .
You tasted the ice and tobassco more than anything .
Went for Sunday brunch .
But I can comment on the food , it 's great .
The bartender acknowledged me quickly and took my drink order , a lemonade .
My order was the stuffed lobster with salad , garlic potatoes and corn on the cob .
They staff is friendly and speedy so if you do n't have a long lunch it 's a great place to go .
The sweet potato nachos and the " breakfast " we 're to die for !
The experience has been entirely unpleasant and I would certainly not recommend it due to service and managment issues .
But the curry itself had NO flavor .
In fact , this week my husband stopped in for take out , bought 4 sushi rolls and the total was $ 24 .
I love the look and feel about this cute place !
My stomach has been kind of messed up all day .
The sides that came with it were also cooked well and seasoned just enough .
We were visiting in Santa Barbara and stopped here for lunch .
We opted for the pre - fixed menu , which included an appetizer , entree with about 5 different options and a desert .
What a saving grace !
One friend also ordered a salad and I ordered an oyster appetizer in addition to our prix fixe dinner .
I forget what the hubby ordered , but it was some kind of seafood dish and I remember that he liked it .
I was starved so I went with the dog .
Got ta love a Chef Jose Garces spot .
We got 50 wings last night .
We ordered way too much food this time and they were worried we did not like it .
A coworker took me to lunch here ; this was my first time visiting a Firehouse Subs restaurant .
They served it atop the lyonnaise potatoes with green beans .
They have great Mexican food and they guy who runs the place is so nice !
Love the decor too .
I have found everything delightful every time I have eaten here .
Service Sucks Worse - Service was just as bad at the bar as at a table , on two pretty slow nights
You guys are right next to Eller Business School , why do n't you ask them how you can improve ? ? ?
We first came late one afternoon , near closing time .
The donuts looked overdone and loaded up with unnecessary ingredients at first , but I was wrong .
The items on the menu are a complete creation of the owner .
First things first ... This hotel is very big , pretty , and clean .
The food at Desire was too good !
I 'm not applying this towards my overall scoring but I 'm noting it so you know that I know that you know what the deal - i - o is .
You thought that béchamel was a sauce ?
I would have walked out right then but I had already made a reservation through Savored .
I know this is a strong review , but I believe every word of it .
2nd visit .
A party who arrived after us got their appetizer about ten minutes before us .
I piked beef and ignored the ignorance .
They just had lettuce and cheese on top , but not bad for the price .
And last but not least my dessert ...
We especially liked their white and red cabbages , fresh veggies , and their hot sauces !
I was staying the week at the hotel next door and had dinner at Carmine 's 3 times .
It came down to price ... this place is waaay , way overpriced for the quality of food , the service , and the location ( D - Town vs.
At the very least , the waitress could have sent a manager over at my obvious displeasure .
Our party had the vegan tacos with chips and salsa ... oh the verde salsa is scrumptious .
My words of advice , replace ( do n't clean ) your ceiling tiles and clean the filth from the grid .
No shredded lettuce here .
All in all , the staff was very friendly , the atmosphere was was just right , and the food was great .
We ordered kabobs , hummus and falafel .
The place is clean but the tables and booths are Tiny .
Had a great dinner at Spasso .
All portions were small .
I deducted one star on behalf of his bitter chicken .
This is one of few Soulfood restaurants in the Gentilly area .
we have all bought " la Banderita " and eat them unheated at home .
Delicious both the burritos and Vietnamese !
I tried all four sauces that were available .
Ready to head off to a movie in an hour , we sat at the bar for a beer and burger .
Some of the seating is weird .
Service was great and the food was amazing .
Why mess up a good thing I guess .
Bit of a walk from dwntwn but worthwhile .
I found counter staff to be most friendly and engaging
We ordered KFC , poke , some sushi , ramen , and one Korean beef dish .
I absolutely love this place !
I feel that you ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu .
Okay well if we had a reservation would n't we be first to sit down ?
I liked the mashed potato side .
The kitchen is exposed on the first level , separated from the dining room with various gigantic window panes .
Next time we 're in Philly this place will be among the first in which we stuff our faces .
I 've heard good things though .
One of the waitresses noticed it and replaced it with beggar purses with meat inside and brown butter and cheese on top .
We had the 6 - course tasting menu .
They 're changing out their menu for fall soon , so I 'm looking forward to going back and seeing what they 'll have next time .
I did use their living social deal so I brought my dad in when he came in from out of town to try it out with me .
It 's a friendly place and the crowd is always un - stuffy and everyone is having a good time .
The biscuit is awesome .
However for those with a smaller appetite it would be better to order a la carte if you ca n't eat at least 3 rolls .
I ordered a large sausage pepperoni , when it arrived I snapped a pic and was very excited to try this gorgeous pizza .
Buffalo chicken salad and the kale salad were incredible !
We opted for salami and Italian sausage .
They serve beers in the classic American " Shaker " pint glass and serve water in the far superior English Nonic Pint glass .
Smelled kind of like dishwater .
I love these people .
I recommend it for a nice steak dinner -- it is tasty !
It 's fine but do n't go out your way .
And the waitress told us yes that 's a large .
A little too strongly salted for my tastes , but perhaps that 's just the way it is ?
Great place and very friendly staff !
I sure am glad we bought the mini cinnamon rolls but wish we had n't bought any .
I have to say , after sampling the fish tacos , I sorta wish that I had ordered the mac & cheese , too !
3 ) The previous omg they give you brown rice without an upcharge got even better !
I had the pork cheeks , the gnocchi , and the duck leg confit for a little less than $ 30 .
It comes out steaming hot , all sauced up and impressively arranged on the plate .
I did , however , immensely enjoy the tater tots !
The only thing I wish I could change is the acoustics in the place .
Accomodating the two vegetarians in our group was only possible with the waiters help .
I am beating myself up not remembering some of the other attendants on that day .
The atmosphere is fun with the fire fighter theme- they totally roll with It from the table decor to the names of the subs .
The chop is double thick , cooked to perfection , with a delicious sliced apple brandy cream sauce that is delicious .
Good cocktails too if I 'm feeling like a flighty employee :)
The amount of ice in it was n't obscene so it had that going for it but other than that idk .
We live in walking distance to 701 .
The dough shell was hard and it was n't as good as the other food I had .
My son had steak fajitas and he really enjoyed it .
This is also the first place I have ever encountered where a sandwich " combo " means with cheese , instead of a side of fries .
The burgers and shakes are actually pretty good .
I ca n't eat mayo so I was limited with sauce choices but the mayo sauces were recommended .
I will definitely try and persuade the franchise owner to let me open my own blaze pizza in Biloxi , MS .
She was guaranteed to be my bartender but she was replaced by another at the last minute without anyone notifying me .
My server was very attentive , the food was great and on time .
The place was not crowded , yet the bartender acted as if he just could not be bothered with making our drinks .
My husband and I visited last Sunday for Brunch and we ordered a TON of food because we had a $ 50 gift certificate to use up .
It 's a nice small place with delicious food and extremely affordable .
Morton 's is a fancy high end restaurant and you could see this as soon as you walk in .
Anyway , like I said above , I ca n't say enough good things about this restaurant and the folks who run it .
The crabs had their own different flavors and came with really crispy onion rings on the side and melted butter .
If you are looking for a good place to have a business lunch downtown , this would be a good place to go too !
Unacceptable wait for food .
Great place to spend our first evening in Indy .
They have quite a few bottled beers and wines , as well .
Our Server and her Trainee were personable , knew the menu , were efficient and not pushy .
Tried the BBQ nachos as the free check - in appetizer .
Two things made our experience top notch .
It 's nice knowing that I 'm not going to be walking around with a pocket full of change .
I had the Basket of Crispy Little Fish while my boyfriend had the Farmer Rays Grilled Vegetable Muffuletta .
Willing to give it another chance , I just think it was overrated .
They also have several locations around the city and all of them are consistently delicious .
The buffalo wings were pretty good and seasoned well .
My dining companion had the sweet tea chicken sandwich with waffle fries , which she said was good .
The food did n't make it any better .
He explained that somehow his internet system had gone down when he was sending the instructions to the kitchen .
I 'd heard of honeygrow but had no idea what they served , so , I never went to check it out .
During my visit , there were 2 other tables in the whole restaurant with people at them .
The food is pretty good , the prices are very fair , and the help is just great !
What a nice time !
We had the dumplings also , and will pass on those if we ever return .
Obviously , the strawberry pie is iconic .
They kept all the areas well stocked with food .
I must say that the service was excellent and our bartender was fun and made us feel at home .
My husband and I ate lunch here a month ago and the experience was n't the best .
I finally know now what all of the noise is about .
The food and drinks are very good but for the second time in a row our meals were cold .
Did take out for our first ever order .
All in all , it 's a great find for the area , but it 's sometimes hit or miss on some of the dishes .
It is n't a waitress type of place , but they make that very clear on website .
Together with a green tea & sprite our bill came to $ 44 just another reason to return ! ! ! !
Definitely did n't disappoint the second time around either :)
The kids did n't seem to care because they were excited to play games .
Very cool little spot downtown that 's easy to miss .
My wife rejected the order and I ate mine .
I stopped in for a quiet lunch time on a Friday , and sat at the bar .
( Ok , they do n't really charge for silverware , but you get where I 'm going with this ...
Love this place ! ! !
LOVE this place ! ! !
It was n't just me though the salmon , bananas foster , and shrimp and grits that my friends ordered all arrived warm .
It 's a pub , but does n't feel like one , and is definitely not priced like one .
Stop by Morning Call on your way in or out of New Orleans and you wo n't be disappointed .
I tried the Philly cheesesteak as well as the sweet potato fries both excellent ! ! ! !
I 'm not really sure why I bother going to other restaurants .
I had a salted caramel donut and a cinnamon roll donut .
I have family in Holiday , so now this gem is our " go to " for breakfast any time we are in town from Chicago .
The cheddar cheese was nice but it was n't too different from other cheese fries I 've had .
You never know what service or the food will be like but you go in with that in mind ...
I ca n't vouch for their more lunch - y items but their brunch / breakfast stuff is AMAZING .
I 've only had the sushi and it was pretty good .
It 's a great environment for a great price .
Definitely a bit of a dive bar .
We ordered takeout and picked up the Dan Dan Noodles and a shredded Pork in Garlic sauce dish .
The service is great and the food is spectacular .
After another 5 minutes , the first waitress comes over and asks us again " Are you sure you do n't want to sit at the bar ?
This place is a savior in Bala Cynwyd , which has a dearth of fresh , healthy food .
I recently used Pizza Mizza for a meeting I held in Santa Barbara .
Their sangria and beer selection are incredible -
I ordered it without bacon .
The smoked fish dip and escolar with prawns were fantastic- the standouts of the meal .
However , combined with all the other , wide variety of Asian cuisine , it 's more than worth it .
This is probably the best buffet I 've been to in Reno .
Great view .
The Munch King was very pleased with the mountain of food presented before him to scarf down .
I am obviously a fan of their Los Angeles locations but they have really outdone themselves here in Santa Barbara .
Finally , the masala tea , was delicately but fully spiced .
Bar itself seemed a little high from the height of the bar stools .
Service was n't awesome , but that could have been based on the time of day .
Mattar paneer was off the hook !
There might have even been hats ) The staff here is fresh to death !
Bringing the service quality up will make this a much better dining experience , since the food is quite good !
Food was so good !
Always good to see Miss Marti and her wonderful family here when I 'm in town .
It was so fresh and the cheese filling was one of the best I have had .
Loved my cup of gumbo as well .
The vodka penne , chicken francaise , potatoes and green beans were all lacking in flavor .
We discovered this place a few months ago and been here 3 times ao far .
Also got the drunken fries ( a must ) Staff was super friendly and was having a great time .
There are plenty of byo Italian joints in Philly , so you 've got to do better than just putting food on a plate .
I went in with two friends after getting our nails done and sat at a table .
I wish they had a pitaya base as well , like Frutta Bowls and Playa Bowls .
I ordered the pork belly gnocchi , and it was good , but not great .
The bands that play usually are n't very good but overall it 's a great place .
This is my favorite pizza place in Tucson !
Overall , I still love this place and would choose it over Olive Garden any day .
BBQ good lawd have mercy !
Hey what can I say ... its pizza after being on the east coast for a while I can just say its pizza ! ! ! !
This time the place was disgusting .
Very good food and surprisingly not expensive .
I know this is a small place and does get full fast so we decided to go early to beat the crowd .
For the most part , everything is modestly priced .
Nothing on this menu costs more than $ 10 , except for the filet mignon , $ 24 .
Our first time at Zimmer 's and the line was wrapped around the store .
I loved the atmosphere .
Do n't expect to eat at the location and the prices are cheap .
Probably one of the only places around ( besides McDonald 's ) that is open 24/7 .
Since the concept of a fajita is basically a wrap , the slices of chicken should be conducive to that .
Food is really just average .
I also like the red velvet and chocolate caramel .
then I asked for a to go beer(I love New Orleans ) but after a 10 minute wait no beer ..
My small ( read : very small ) salad entree was listed as beets , arugula , cheese , and almonds .
Sounds random , but the noise level is one of the stand out points for me here .
The waffles were very yummy were tender with the perfect golden crisp to them .
Here the food is truly memorable .
Never the less we took our dinner home excited for our new found BBQ place .
My Monday began much like any other Monday when the Eagles play SNF , confusing , nauseous , and an hour late .
The catfish , chicken , gumbo and mac & a cheese are all to die for .
Out of all of the sandwiches , 3 were meh , but two standouts were the Hot Italian and the Boars Head BLT .
I had the craw fish chowder , excellent !
It is a great addition to South Broad Street in Center City !
Any time we 're out of town we always look for a brewpub , as we usually end up with great beer and food .
Entitled hipsters who confuse orders , give attitude , and ruin customer 's experience .
They were out of several types of cookies ...
I think they lost my service .
Not a huge cost , but it can add up if you do n't pay attention .
Glad they got a bigger space so more people can enjoy it here .
One person ordered the white wine braised pork and said it was a little too salty and just did n't taste good .
The appearance on the outside is a little iffy but it 's a hidden gem on the inside :) .
My wife had it and it was difficult to not steal her bowl .
We were so pleased to be offered bar seats too , so we could watch all the chefs in action .
The restaurant is so crowded the staff can hardly move between the tables .
I came here with a friend on our lunch break and I loved it .
Hands freaking down ! ! ! !
I love their fried chicken ; crispy and crunchy .
Was there for 5 days for a convention and had to say they did a great job .
I do n't recommend the flatbread and the truffled Mac and cheese is just okay .
We ordered appetizers and a main course .
Because of recommendations by my hotel at Union Station , I decided to try this place with my dad and his fiance .
The food is always very good and the staff is always friendly , courteous and customer -oriented .
The hangover is also AMAZING !
Dawn Patrol is one of our favorite breakfast spots in SB !
It 's just good for the soul .
It seems like they kept bringing more and more food out .
I 'll definitely be back when I 'm in the area .
My husband and I almost both ordered the grouper piccata but I decided to have the Mahi instead .
The server was able to guide us as to the best dishes that would fit our taste .
The egg rolls were okay , deep fried and standard , so I say go with the spring rolls- shrimp or beef to choose from .
If this place is n't in the mix for best burger in the city , then something is terribly wrong in the universe .
I had heard about this place through social media and was eager to try it .
Had a recent pleasure of visiting the hotel for a friend 's wedding and came to the restaurant for lunch .
A minute or two after that , a different waiter showed up and apologized , saying there was a mixup with the table assignments .
the special ketchup they have just omg .
Came on a Sunday night and the wait time was awful , took at least an hour to get a table .
It is a very bustling place .
I tried the red blend and it was underwhelming to say the least -- too thin and too sweet .
We ordered it deep dish to try their special cornmeal crust and were pretty impressed .
I Had that with the fried fish as well and asked for gravy on the side .
I love their beer selection as well ...
They were hot but , highly over seasoned , very salty and the extra swet syrup just put it over the top .
This is really great pizza .
Tuna , salmon , white tuna , yellow tail .
It was one of the best meals I have had in a long time .
I do n't eat Greek food too often but I 've been craving it a lot more frequently lately .
This place kind of reminded me of Dennys , but a little classier .
The restaurant was comfortable and homey but small .
Overall a great place for lunch or dinner !
Went for Sunday lunch only about 8 customers in the building , Took 15 minutes before they got our drink order .
Easy to park , easy to find place .
The won tons and dumpling are by far the plumpest and moistest in town .
The shrimp and scallops pasta was awful - small shrimps and scallops , definitely not fresh .
Beyond that , the quality of the food was average at best .
The resort fee was a bit annoying , but I 've seen it at other hotels before .
I took a gamble with the long roll " Why Not " .
So we decided to sit at the bar for immediate seating .
The mushroom swiss looks good to you ?
One bite just was n't enough !
( The beef was colder than the lettuce ! ) They have left out napkins and also no sauces which were asked for .
I do like that instead of fries you can get tots , especially sweet potato tots .
The food , though , is excellent .
You simply ca n't treat customers , or co - workers , the way they treat them .
I 'd recommend calling him on the way so he knows you are arriving .
And the wait is n't that bad either .
Best Thai food South of Bay to Bay .
The service was very pleasant and I enjoyed my experience here .
2 eggs on 2 halves of the croissant , picked it up like a sandwich .
But of course the cool ones .
She gives me a total and I asked her about the discount .
Our waitress was good also .
My friend asked for bolognase sauce on the lasagna which was a great addition .
The general tso chicken was good and so was the egg roll but the ribs were dry and did not have any sauce on them .
Went late on a Saturday and only had to wait about 10 minutes .
The food was excellent - even more so given the 100 or so guests served dinner .
Service was really slow - ordered 4 hand rolls - two came out after 15 min and then the next two another 20 min later .
I also had the macaroni and cheese , mashed potatoes and gravy and cornbread .
This is my new favorite place !
You order at the counter and then go sit down .
Even room service noticed it was extremely hot and we should keep fighting .
The whole dish is a little more " decomposed " than I like it to be .
Everything was going well , then my medium rare steak came out almost well .
If you ca nt take hot food stay away from thai hot ... it requires your big boy pants lol
For 3 meals , we paid $ 120 .
salty = too much freaking salt .
They said yes we have hot fries .
The food was excellent even the beans and rice taste great .
My dining partner went with their pasta with red sauce .
Unfortunately my sense of trying something new was unsuccessful because I did n't really like the meal .
I did not care for the pickles .
Beer centric , but it 's not like you ca n't get wine and cocktails ... just noticeably limited .
This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Reno .
it 's still authentic if it 's vegan , I do n't care what you say !
We , too , practically had to tackle our server to order food and drinks many of times .
Michelle was such a good waitress .
If you 've been to Sylvia 's in Harlem NYC , and you 're looking for a similar experience , you 're going to need to look elsewhere .
Little far from town but a good middle point between music row and the airport .
The wait staff was fantastic , and the food was exceptional .
Well worth the money 's .
I tried Andhra Chicken curry with rice here and I must say it was so delicious .
I got the fish tacos and they were really good .
It 's kind of weird having chain restaurant on Oak Street but I suppose if you had to have one , Mellow is not a bad one to have .
The meats had a great flavor , but I noticed the tomatoes were quite green .
The cheesy fries are good but the cheese has a slightly gritty feel to it .
Probably my favorite thing from the meal , although there were many heavyweights throughout !
Cheers to this place for making awesome gyros !
Just had the Thai rice bowl .
If you go here , the price greatly depends on what you order .
However , you ca n't go wrong with any dessert .
Their new location at Camino Real marketplace is great too , although the older one at Old Town was more classic .
We shared the peach cobbler dessert and were not disappointed , get it with the ice cream ! !
Great experience from beginning to end .
you have to wait for the pizza ..
Thank you for your existence .
The staff at the casino in all of my encounters have been friendly , professional and helpful .
cooked to order omelets and waffles , fried chicken , baked chicken , baked fish , collard greens , bacon , biscuits , oh my goodness !
Sent it back , they took it off the bill .
Hands down , best brunch experience of my life .
She brought the order home , I opened the box and Yippie , a 3 piece ALL white freaking ORIGINAL recipe .
It 's packed and a little loud in here , but I would expect that from an awesome brunch place .
The place is totally remodeled and very nice and clean .
While we were there yesterday , there was a power outage .
Not because it was a horrible experience but because the food is just not worth the expense .
Ordered same dinner for fair comparison : chicken teriyaki , nigiri , sashimi for $ 18.95 .
One of the most wonderful dining experiences we 've ever had in Philly .
I picked it medium well based on recommendation but had reservations .
An iced coffee with Jameson and Baileys as well !
Probably one of the better places to eat around here .
We ended up at a table because the bar was full .
Last time I visited I ordered the Rio Roll which my waitress told me was the most popular torrad .
I enjoyed the Margarita flight and it did not disappoint .
We had the ahi tuna , fish n chips and Macadamia encrusted magic magic & the all were tasty .
The kids were full , the food was good and it was all for 26 dollars .
This is a great little old school place with standard but good diner food - great place highly recommended .
I was confused on why they charged us for the ponzu than included the tip for 2 people and taxed us on top of it .
The salad had a zesty lime based salad dressing which was delicious .
It came with fried plantains which I love but these tasted like they had been reheated or microwaved or something .
I ordered nameless from
My Nashville hot was okay , I just did n't like how it was soaked in sauce .
My favorite Thai food in Tampa bay .
Also delivery was fast , and the guy called me right when he got to my house .
At one point we could n't find our server .
There are 3 kinds of Amber ale amongst 8 taps total , lol .
Cornbread and corn pudding are awesome .
The interior design is impeccable , the staff is friendly and the food is spot on .
The only thing bad about this place is the amount of ice they fill into your drink ...
so we 're the type of people who will drive far out for cuz some chef moved out West .
Honestly the whole experience was amazing and we will be back for more .
And when friends insist that you take shot after wretched shot , it only makes sense that they buy the damn things , so there .
the soup was really good , especially when you dump a ton of Crystal sauce in it .
We had the carrot cake and sugar free cheesecake .
Thank u for feeding me some healthy food !
Made recommendations regarding menu items and drink suggestions -- everything spot on .
They 've got a variety of sides including mac n cheese , side salads and other staple items ranging from $ 3 to $ 6 .
We also got two fountain drinks .
Waiter comes back 20 minutes later ( no water ) .
And the sundae is pretty tasty .
I have n't been assured that my food is coming soon , had anyone apologize to me for the wait , or even acknowledge my existence .
Best iced latte and beignet we tried .
I had the eggs benedict , which is really not a ' go to ' for me , but I was feeling adventurous .
Thanks Dylan , keep up the incredible work !
I declined the other side .
Had she just said " sure " , the review would have been given 4 stars .
We ordered to bacon , egg and cheese paninis , chocolate chip cookies and orange juice .
The food , one word , AMAZING ! ! !
There are a MILLION TVs , so anywhere you sit , you 'll have a great view of one of the TVs .
I went Marakkesh with my friend .
I can see why they have a really high rating ! !
After all , Ybor City Tampa is supposed to be the birth place of Cuban sandwich , at least in US , and this place does it right .
Had take out for lunch today .
The hotel is an older one , but it is decently maintained .
I ate my food so fast I could n't even take a pic .
Chaos reigned on this Saturday afternoon , leaving my nerves jangling .
The General Tso 's wings were ok but too much sauce- drenched in sauce .
I had the village burger and added cheese for an extra $ 2.50 accompanied by duck fat fries .
I then was telling my family how shocked I am about our dinner experience starting the way it did .
We all had desert and even that was good !
We sat at the bar as the wait was an hour for a table .
Tough to not leave without a bag for the road .
I finished with the sorbet sampler and that was just right , not too much !
This is a really cool concept , and I 'm happy to have it in my neighborhood .
Ordered the artichoke along with the pappardelle pasta , side of black bean soup , side of mashed potatoes .
I will commend my server ( I think his name was Ty ) on his professionalism even amongst the multiple jobs he was tasked .
The sign says that they 've been here since 1948 , and you can tell ....
Maybe the cook working this night was just a little heavy handed on the salt , I do n't know .
Primarily because none of us could figure out if it was whipped butter or some sort of soft cheese .
The dining area can be really slow , but I always go when it is busy , so that might explain it .
Their butter cookies are awesome - absolutely love them .
We went back again just for the pate !
The burger was very good and Shea was an amazing bartender .
You ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu since you can tell the food is made with love .
Picked up last minute reservations on Open Table and were seated promptly near the piano and Carl the piano player , I believe .
I asked to have it warmed up and it came back at about the same temperature .
We have been here for lunch about 5 times and have been pleasantly surprised every time .
Here 's a quick breakdown ...
Never had a bad experience here .
After buying too many groceries we meandered over to the gift shop and I found two wonderful gifts for Christmas .
The waitress completely forgot my drink refill and brought it out with the check about 10 - 15 minutes after she took my glass .
I feel I wasted my money .
Its simply not a good burger and at $ 60 for 2 people , I 'd rather try the devil I do n't know .
We shared an order of the coconut shrimp which was second to the garlic clams that they were out of .
Though it 's not a fancy dining room , it is clean and spacious .
The chicken wings were ok , I 've had better .
It 's now official , every meal is just as amazing as the last .
In fact , everything I got from the sushi buffet was soggy and maybe even slightly warm ( not good for uncooked food ) .
My husband had the blackened mahi platter with rice and broccoli .
Tried their sushi called " heart attack " and it is to die for ! ! !
I mean I guess they get some credit for their attempt , but the execution was poor .
I was coming from work so I arrived a few minutes after my party .
So for starters - I ordered the lobster roll .
I do n't know how the Century Group can keep these locations afloat let alone keep expanding .
for the price this place is very good .
The service was slow and terrible .
Went for my birthday dinner .
Uncomfortable for a 4 person party .
It 's not the fanciest or healthiest although I have n't really found a restaurant in Belle Chasse that is .
When I asked for my raw dish to be cooked a bit more , I received it incredibly overcooked .
But today was a different experience .
We went to Kanella on a Sunday night not knowing that Sundays are special .
I was really excited to try this location since I grew up eating at the downtown location .
Food was n't great either .
We usually split something sweet like French toast and then we each have an omelette or something else on the menu .
The chicken liver mousse and especially the braised lamb are to die for .
To be more descriptive it 's cooked true to order , excellent flavor , very tender and much better than your average filet . "
I looked at my BF 's large plate full of chicken kabob and potatoes hungrily .
The potatoes were a medium dice , no crunchies , a few pieces of both red and green pepper .
We both had perfect brews for our tastes ( I enjoyed the Northerner ) .
I love their corn arepa and have had both the chicken and shredded beef fillings ( $ 7 each ) which were very good .
She was very chipper for 7:30 in the morning which I appreciated .
Soup Dumplings STL has just opened opened by the awesome chef at Private Kitchen in what is the closest thing to Chinatown St.
The service was really bad and the did was mediocre bland and not worth trying out .
I got the Very Veggie Omelette ( has cream cheese on the inside - very good ) and a side of cinnamon toast and fruit .
I 'd probably have to come back and try other dishes , but all in all , I was salty about the waiting time .
The only complaint I have is that the service from the server 's is n't that fabulous .
Cajun Piutine wa probably the best of the bunch .
It 's run by a really nice , friendly family .
Poor service and under average food .
While in college , I visited the one in 12th South pretty often .
There was gesticulation , outburst of " oh my lord , yes ! " , and conversations with other diners .
She enjoyed it , but found the fries to be too salty .
We were a party of three who all got the salad and one got chicken parmesan and 2 got chicken and broccoli alfredo .
They dropped my egg when they got to the table but promptly brought out another one .
We came for a late lunch .
Great service , food was delievered in a timely manner .
So maybe in this case , looks likes chicken , smells like chicken , tastes like chicken but ITS NOT !
Places like this should be closed , they 're just fronts for liquor stores , their food is inedible .
They were either under staffed or overwhelmed with the crowd because flagging down a server was a difficult task .
So I call Burger Up , and a very pleasant , sweet voice assures me they are indeed open .
I got a savory crepe with ham , mushrooms , Swiss , and some creamy sauce inside .
My hubby try 's something new each time we we here and is never disappointed ! ! !
And order the Las Vegas roll ...
Based this visit entirely upon previous Yelp reviews , which as usual we 're spot on .
sometimes the fries are hot but alot of the times they arnt .
I work close by so I end up there for lunch quite a bit .
All - in - all , I left with a full stomach of very good Louisiana food at a reasonable price .
I was not impressed by this service .
They really need to act like professionals or at least get some one else on the phone .
It reminded me of Dia de los Muertos decor .
The clam chowder was great that was only saving grace .
G / F 's flour tortilla was browned in cold grease as it did n't really brown , just sucked up the grease .
We were regulars until now , but after what happened tonight we will never go back .
With that said , how this employee decided to treat me in this moment made me and my disabled client extremely uncomfortable .
The second day I got a glazed and a buttermilk drop , each $ 1.65 post - tax .
Arrived late in town and this was the perfect spot for a reasonably priced , quick meal .
the hashbrowns are excellent here but when we went back on Sunday , they were n't serving hash browns , only grits ....
Those places are crap .
Guy was super nice and funny in a weird quirky way .
But , the selections were varied and the specials leaned on the foodie side of the equation .
We honestly end up paying less to eat hear than McDonalds , and there is no comparison when it comes to the food .
Voted one of the most romantic restaurants in Santa Barbara .
So glad Mojo has found it 's way to South Grand .
It is small and quaint , a nice get away .
It 's too loud due to all the flat surfaces .
So I was starving and craving tacos , I walk in and nobody was there just the workers .
My entree was the southern chicken dish .
wow ) , and not great food in my opinion .
The bread pudding was saved from average by a wonderful praline topping that we both enjoyed immensely .
This sushi restaurant was horrible .
So damn good I ordered it 3 days straight !
No questions asked .
We also got an order of jalapeño grits -- yum .
I usually get the turkey sausage , rustic vegetables , and potatoes .
My sister in law loves this place .
The Fish and Chips were great - huge portion and very fresh .
Ca n't beat a $ 2 beer !
Just as we were leaving our food showed up .
The kids devoured them , good thing I got my taste as soon as they came to the table !
The food was to die for !
You can not open a window either , not even a crack , to emit fresh air .
Usually the wait is n't horrific , but it depends when you go and how many tables are already in use .
Great place to bring a girlfriend , the view is pretty spectacular !
Food did n't look spectacular enough to make us stay ; that , and the dead cockroach was the ultimate deal - killer .
I asked for my food to be very mild and that is no problem for them .
Also had the water boiled fish , one of my go to spicy dishes , and the rendition here is decent .
All of the recommendations in the past have fell flat , really flat .
Smoke free too .
Their bagels or so soft and fluffy even after being toasted !
Clean and simple decision .
I usually go with the Honey 's Cristo or Huevos Rancheros if I 'm not feeling too adventerous for the specials .
Had the scallops and my husband had the pork chop which was amazing .
Ambience ... Casual and mellow .
We almost never go there , maybe once a year when we crave for it .
I liked the cornbread and coleslaw .
The " whole shabang " ( aka : whole shebang ) medium and mild seasoning was amazing !
We split the soup of the day which was corn chowder , easily the best I have ever had .
The atmosphere was as good as it gets .
I got the # 8 Old Pueblo sandwhich with fries and a drink .
Also got to try the butter sundae and chocolate mousse , both were excellent .
The breading was cornmeal - that was new to me - and crisp .
One of the others at my table complained loudly and was told that she would " do us a favor " and take off 15 % .
We each had the smokehouse combo which got us Brisket , sausage , & ribs w/ 2 sides .
The tri tip was flavorful but what really stole the show was the cheddar jalapeño focaccia !
Chose the BBQ sauce for dipping .
LOVE this place and have a constructive suggestion .
Came back with chicken as I asked for and it was like biting into rubber bands .
The mimosas were strong , the waitress was warm , upbeat and very inviting .
So I 'll stick to my tea and avoid the soda ..... better for me anyway , I guess .
I got the zombie one which was strong and yummy ....
I would not say that this was the best veggie burger I have had and for the price I was slightly disappointed .
I had n't planned in eating tacos , namely cuz i forgot that he was bringing them in .
This tells me the bar tender does n't know beer .
The food is poor to middling ..
On Saturday we were on our way to try a Cambodian restaurant that is highly rated on yelp , the Khmer Kitchen .
Came on a Sunday had some bloody Mary 's and the soup salad special .
I was still feeling hungry after my meal .
The waitress was n't very nice or helpful either .
I watched this happened to a few of the customers after me too .
The restaurant was empty which threw me of a bit .
If you get chicken , it 's ground meat instead of chopped -- just FYI in case you do n't realize it when you order .
I just told them to give me the pizza as is(pep barely on half of it ) .
the worst was white fish with a little of tobiko topping ... not sure why ?
We even had dessert because we could not resist .
As far as entrees go , the Indian mee goreng is one of my favorite dishes at this restaurant , very tasty but not too spicy .
The negatives would be that there was a wait at lunch .
I added the house cheddar sauce and a small order of fries with the house mayo .
Great place to eat for lunch .
You can really taste the coal fire in the crust , it is perfectly thin and crispy .
We had lunch here today before wandering around Ikea .
TL;DR Great drinks ; decent food .
With the platter you also get a huge helping of hummus and a bag full of delicious pita , and a little salad on the side .
This place is always crowded when we come down , but as I always say ...
We tried it last week with a Groupon .
I would love to go back there and try all their other options ...
The meat was cut THICK but not too thick .
It was a non smoking two queens .
The owner is a very nice gentleman who really enjoys food .
My first visit here was love at first sight .
Was feeling lazy today so we ordered to go from here !
I always prefer getting a fresh pie out of the over so that 's what we did .
For 8 bucks came a pretty large bowl that I could n't stop picking at .
But I was not ( I mean , it 's on pasta and does not feature crawfish ) .
I had the branzini ( whole seabass ) which was perfectly cooked with garlic and butter .
The raddish used to b free and now it 's not so that 's why I lowered it by one but overall good wings place
Oh and they still made her pay full price .
Save your money go to El Rodeo across the street .
My experience was that of poor service .
Oh and do n't forget to get the whipped feta .
I 've had fish there too , which was n't bad by any means , but the pasta plates are definitely their specialty .
There have been 5 - 15 people waiting for a seat each time we left .
I really do admire Boise and the way its growing ethnically .
They got me that 's what I 'll eat for dinner !
It was probably the best comfort food meal I 've had in a long time .
She suggested the rooster sauce for my fries and I had no complaints about the fries or sauce .
Husband had a special which included a lamb kebab sandwich , fries and a drink for $ 9.50 .
When in a city where there 's a Margaritaville , one must stop and soak in the atmosphere .
Beautiful place .
I took on the challenge and failed terribly but the waiters were quite encouraging and made my failure a little less saddening .
This was my third visit to the this place , yet it was the first time my burger was even slightly interesting .
The food is fresh .
That 's a tall order , as previously mentioned , I grew up around a bunch of Italians .
I really enjoy the food every time I eat here .
She ordered a glass of wine that was $ 10 that we did realize we could buy the bottle for $ 11 later .
The waitress took the barely touched app away .
Sweetest lady ever .
The staff is the greatest ...
But I , well , let 's just say I love a good corndog ! !
I 'll only recommend this to some people , if I know that they wo n't be offended by what a sh*thole this place is .
Currently my favorite dish is the garam masala bowl , but the veggie burger is pretty awesome .
The pizza was underwhelming .
All I can say is omg- where has this place been .
3rd time since they opened .
It 's so awesome to have something this good and this authentic in the hood .
I usually visit at least twice a day on my stays in Reno so I guess they get okay tips from me .
Food is delicious and authentic .
At other times , the workers are actually pretty nice .
Staff from check in to the breakfast are outstanding .
Love that they have military discount - thank you .
I got the barbeque bacon burger with fries .
This also comes with a choice of soup or salad ( I went for the salad ) .
We arrived on a Friday morning around 8:15 am and there was no wait , but it was starting to fill up .
He also makes very creative appetizers , a different one each time I 've been there .
The decor when you walk in certainly did n't match what they were clearly going for .
We first visited Izumi by accident about 2 or 3 months ago , and now find ourselves there once a week .
The pizza is perfection due in part to the wood fired oven .
After all the fancy cooking , the metal spatulas and knives flying around , I got Beef and Chicken , vegetables and rice .
It was smaller than what you 'd expect for a pizza on a St.
It 's not usually too crowded during the day and you could have free run of the place depending on when you go !
All the servers look like underpaid security guards rather than servers and look disinterested .
The courtyard is very pretty .
My favorite so far is the chiles rellenos , which are large and excellent .
Then when it took a long time for her to bring our check she acknowledged it and apologized for the wait .
Great deal , great food ! !
Next : crispy rabbit salad , which was gamey with a pleasing crunch .
I miss this location and did n't think I would get to have their food again until I found the one in my area .
We were scouting for a place to rent out for a company retreat dinner .
I do n't think the tacos are worth the price , especially since tacos are supposed to be a cheap , simple and delicious food .
I was able to take half home for lunch the next day .
My wife had a entree of eggplant parmesan with a side of linguine pasta .
As I picked through it I found a lot fat .
Got the Santa Barbara Local omelette with hashbrowns and toast and it was damn good .
The restaurant is beautiful , very modern , very hipster Nashville , very dark .
Small selection but VERY good !
They looked good , had lots of crab but were also deep fried !
The prices are not listed , so order carefully or you 'll have a $ 17.00 tab like I did .
I will no longer place corporate orders for ANY of our events here at the University because of this incident .
This place is freakin ' incredible .
I 'm sure we 'll be back at some point - but there was a lot of hype to build this place up and in my opinion , it was good ....
It was packed for a weeknight , and when you go there you will know why .
We enjoyed the cauliflower salad and the fried dough ball dessert is delish
It is the perfect lunch because it 's fresh and light .
Once you get s cake from here you 'll never go to Sam 's , Costco or Schnucks ever again .
The meatballs are good but a little dry / too beefy .
The hostess told me we 'd have a table for 1 pm , and we arrived a little early .
If you do n't want to wait awkwardly outside and you 're with a big group , get there early to nab a table .
Fortunately I was only looking to have a couple beers when I went and was able to find good options .
The tacos were good , but just good .
We had some credit card fraud at this place .
The wrap I got tasted okay , but it tasted like it was made in a microwave ( not sure , maybe it was ) .
Way over priced ... I think Whole Foods is less expensive .
Dining out side is recommended ( depending on the time of year ) and the staff is polite & helpful .
You ca n't go wrong with any of the entrees here .
Nice hidden jewel on the Northwest side of Naptown .
I get the veggie omelette ( no cheese , and they have no problem accommodating requests for what goes in stuff ...
Was bland but liked the shrimp tacos :)
And twice it was raw in the inside !
Yes , the food was brilliant .
Their bowl is quite filling .
If I ever go back to New Orleans , Mr. B 's will be the first stop I make .
We are more than just a farmers market !
They had 3 employees working and they all greeted each customer .
I was completely insulted by the wait person and lack of managerial leadership by the manager .
The prices were n't too bad and it 's BYOB so that helps keep costs down .
When this place first popped up on my phone as hot and new , I was so excited to try this place !
If you are going to be in the Daytona area try Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet ... this is a REAL asian buffet .
The beautiful tank lines the back wall .
Ca nt wait until next time .
The bento boxes are great and filling since they give you a lot of food ! !
The Prime Rib exudes elegance in a way few places do nowadays .
I can only vouch for the pancakes and French toast but they were worth every penny .
I can see why it 's hard to get a reservation !
Very poor layout causes one to easily get lost .
They had absolutely no flavor whatsoever .
Chicago CTA workers literally act like they can not see you .
Each of these trays of meat comes with four sides ; so Ms T and I had two slaws , greens and sweet potato fries .
But overall I was very disappointed in the burgers .
The room door slams shut really loud , so you can hear people come and go .
There are 3 sizes of beef sandwiches , sm - med - lrg , I ca n't imagine eating a large in one sitting .
It 's like traveling back in time , just wonderful , especially for kids to enjoy the grounds and the hisotry of it .
The only sad part of this restaurant is the lack of professionalism or maturity in some of the employees .
I ordered my food ( Green Curry w / White Rice and a Thai Tea ) , and when lunchtime came , I went to the store to pick up my food .
Service : outstanding ( five stars ) .
Loved the tikka masala and tandoori chicken .
My daughter had to sit and watch everyone eat for some time , while the waitress made promises each trip past our table .
It was tasty , but a little too salty and buttery .
The crab cake appetizer its really good
Nice place to eat and relax .
I 've frequented this place with a friend several times but no matter how many times I come here , I always forget to bring cash .
I had gulf fish meuniere and boyfriend had shrimp & crab etouffee .
The burger came with a pint of beer ( look out ) .
The sliders were good , a little pricey at $ 3.25 a pop when two definitely are n't going to fill you up .
The finger steaks , so so .
Our server seemed to keep encouraging this hyena of a woman and her friends to laugh at every stupid joke , nearly screaming .
It 's fine in a pinch , but there are better places to get a sandwich .
All in all this a great place to sit back , have some good food and watch the game .
I tend to eat the fish or the tongue tacos , but the barbacoa tacos are delicious , too .
I 'm a Hilton and Marriott frequent guest for business .
Great brunch ! !
Ask for one of the soap opera booths :)
I ca n't wait to try more , the entire menu looks awesome .
My son did n't really like it , but they are known for they 're Po - boys so stick with those .
The grits were a bit too heavy for me .
Just had hot tea and a blueberry muffin .
Did she offer to have a redo , NO .
Service was fast and friendly , the entire place smells wonderful , and the food is outstanding .
In addition the owner is very sweet and all her employees are kind and freindly!I have never had a bad experience here .
Something tells me though that it will be a little buttery ...
( Chicken noodles not so much )
There are tasty - looking pastries and sandwiches available , which I did n't try .
On the other hand , the cannoli rocked .
Go see for yourself and let the rest of us know what the Sushi Nazi does to you .
Kudos to Kelly ( I believe that 's her name ) .
So happy we did not wait on the ridiculous line outside pancake pantry !
I hate hate cilantro so I went without the guac .
The ambience is intimate but lively .
The service is great these guys know what they are talking about .
The truffle essence definitely emanated through , though the citric salt added the sour salt taste that really made it for me .
The ambiance and interior design are top notch .
He said that 's typical of organic food to have worms on it .
The guy was super rude and told me that he 's " been packaging sushi for 10 years and no one ever complained about this . "
Atmosphere and setup was very appealing .
The macaroni is okay , a bit greasy and over salted .
Actually , that was just a bonus , since I really just wanted the chicken & waffles again .
This was my first bushwhacker experience and I loved it !
The mayo on the sandwich tasted homemade .
I guess there 's no real reason to be super crowded on a Monday evening during fall break , but this time ... no crowd ... good .
It 's small though , so get there early to get a table .
They honestly have some of the best vegan food in the city .
It does n't just communicate how great the food is , but the experience you 'll have .
Love everything here , including their mochas , lavender lattes , food ( there 's an AMAZING bread pudding ) .
Alas , our first ( and last ) experience here gave us a lousy meal in a mediocre setting .
It was too dry and the marinated is not over the top .
Not kidding at all on this , , , you could literally eat off the floors in the bathroom .
It was n't what I expected from a BBQ place !
Love their latte .... and pastries .
UPDATE : I have been to In Riva a few times since writing this original post .
Mussels in red curry sauce ( Cha Mussels ): creamy , savory , and a little spicy .
ask for extra bread ...
First off , if you are looking for a place to watch all the sports you want , this is it ! ! !
they 're both amazing , but I do n't know if spending an extra $ 15 for the foie gras is worth it .
The servers are also all really nice so I really recommend this place !
But it does make me feel like I am in a different culture and life does not revolve around me as the customer .
I was sitting front center , so you could n't miss me .
Blue Sage is one of the best restaurants I 've been to all year .
My only gripe is the put the tomatoes on raw , after the pizza has cooked .
This place was soooo good .
After over an hour went by , we still had n't gotten our food .
Then again the people at our table were cool to begin with .
The food I got was delicious and definitely a decent portion .
Unfortunately it is underappreciated from someone who comes from a big city like myself .
It was still wrong , and they told us another 5 minutes .
In fact , the food is just good .
he ambiance is nice but I was disappointed overall by the burgers .
My husband ca n't stop raving about the Drunken Noodles .
we did n't have talent like that .
Lobster bisque was not very flavorful ( too creamy , not enough lobster ) and bread bowl was very dry .
The veg sandwich had a lot of good flavor , but after eating half of it it started to feel a little too vinegar - y.
We were visiting from out of town and had a craving for soul food and they did not disappoint !
Stopped in here for a business lunch while traveling and was surprised to see how packed it was .
All this an an airport location where customer expectations are low ? !
Silver linings , etc .
My friend who ordered beef patties said that they were lousy .
Also the coffee there is pretty good .
We stayed at peddlers village for a wedding .
My daughter got the chicken marsala .
Definitely cool place to watch a game .
Last night we had the perfect dining experience at Watermark .
I ca n't vouch for the peanut butter or meatless menu , but the meat sandwiches that we bought were absolutely phenomenal .
I had a plate of UNBELIEVABLY DELICIOUS pulled pork and slaw .
My boyfriend introduced me to the place and I came back with a friend from Malaysia to see if he approved , and he loved !
I did order 2 Sake Bombs and when asked if I ever done one , I said I sure have back home in VA .
A pound of wings for $ 11 and there was n't many .
The food are delicious & the service is good .
It is all the same colors and is very boring !
Even she agreed that she preferred this mac to her own .
Daughter had pistachio scallops she said were flavorful and tender , the best she 's ever eaten and she 's a world traveler .
When I got this $ 35 steak it was well done no garlic butter and no peppercorns .
Love they have coke products .
Note this I thought I was ordering a sausage plate but I only got a bare plate full of sausage no sides no bread .
I purposefully opt for visiting during non - peak hours so it is not too busy .
Besides that it took a long for our food to come .
We found the place on yelp and thought to try it with my family .
The staff is incredibly genuine and sweet .
I feel like it is hard to mess up bacon , especially at a breakfast joint , but they sure did and it was definitely not worth $ 4 .
I guess I was expecting something different at a diner with high ratings but I understand it 's in the middle of a tourist area .
I was n't expecting there to have celery in it .
For desert we had a brownie with ice cream and a marshmallow pie .
It was a meat mixture that was flavorless .
The owner truly cares about the quality of his product .
The esquites complemented the cornbread nicely , and the corn was not overcooked .
I ordered the spicy shrimp pho and was not disappointed .
The chips and salsa were a very good start .
My friends and I went here one time for margaritas , and we sat outside .
This is a place where the Paneer ( cheese ) is made fresh in house , resulting in a cheese that 's silky in texture .
Had a bit of conversation , since it was a little slower , and I thoroughly enjoyed myself in every way .
Additionally , the waitress we 've had the two times going there had a horrible attitude .
My first time coming here was super awesome .
Today , we live in an era of Entitlement .
The frys were a wonderful surprise they were garlicky but sweet due to a honey brandy drizzle one word Fabulous
The pizza here is very good .
( and the lemon tart dipped in the chocolate fondue was good too :) ) .
And another 10 points should be awarded for repurposing this old building .
Pizza is true Italian thin crust !
the salad was more " eh " , I think the dressing that comes with it is too salty .
No taste , no spice , and not even close to Mexican ! ! !
I saw 10 people that I knew in there at the same time this morning !
and the fact that it 's in a freaking coffee shack building .
Horrible food and I 've been to many other Dunkin dounts and by far the worst tasting food hands down .
Wonderful out door seating by the pinellas trail shaded by a big oak tree .
Bruce knows more about premium rum than any man should have a right to know .
I 'm coming back to try some hot coffee or espresso on a cooler day but damn Henry :((( not a great first impression .
The service was average .
I highly recommend this experience .
However , the dessert section sucked .
I was in Tucson so I figured I 'd find a place with more traditional mexican foods than the americanized places all over town .
They even put special orders on special plates so you can tell that they 've gotten it right .
Oddly the rolls they served with the meal were sweet with honey on them .
Philippe wanted more BBQ shrimp .
We tried the Al Pastor burrito bowl and tacos .
My drink was exceedingly sweet .
Service - first pho restaurant I 've ever been to where they do n't hover around you for you to order .
The meatballs , cheese , and sauce on the sandwich were skimpy for $ 12 .
Place is packed and I 'm scared we ca n't try the food anymore .
I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked more like medium .
I was unfamiliar with this level of decadence and at the same time , scared and intrigued by it .
It 's a small place , but there seems to be plenty of room .
Being a to go place service is non existant .
Chicken Marsalis , fajitas , smoked salmon were what I enjoyed today along with my Mimosas of course .
It 's pocket - sized and really cute with a great selection of items that are all made to order .
I ALWAYS get the same thing .
The steak was good but over cooked .
It melts in your mouth and is really juicy .
I absolutely love this restaurant .
I ordered the bulgogi rice bowl and was so impressed when it came out .
Shared two pizzas , one salad and one pasta , which is pretty much enough for us .
Comparing foods in most of the SE and NE of US , plus the Rockies and SW .... everybody else comes up short .
Service today was outstanding .
A few dishes lacked in my opinion and others were really great .
We asked for a cloth to clean off a table with .
The service is excellent , and the food is good too !
;) In all seriousness , I loved the local vibe and would probably frequent this spot if I lived nearby .
Fries and onion sticks were very good .
Perhaps the most unique aspect of the Spaghetti Factory ( and what made me like it when I was a youngster ) is its decor .
Always delicious food and great service ! !
I chose : ( 1 ) coffee , ( 2 ) two eggs , ( 3 ) hash browns and toast , and ( 4 ) sausage patty .
One is a cook and one is a server and the girl next to me thought she was going crazy .
Rooms were clean and I have a nice view of the pool .
I was n't crazy about the high prices , but I ca n't deny the food was pretty good .
The worker recommended the sweet and spicy sauce so I did that .
Got the $ 10 for $ 20 deal so we gave it a try .
I inquired if we could just swap one sushi out with each other since we were both getting the sushi buffet .
So we shared like any good family would .
I 'll close by saying I very much loved the people serving me today .
plus , the ice cream melted entirely too quickly .
For starters we had the nachos .
I was born in New York parents are Dominican and this place is FABULOUS !
I went with the fuego burrito with a salad and that thing was massive !
It 's prime lunch time .
and I enjoyed the chicken ....
I ordered a steak Stromboli ( something I would never think to order offhand ) , and my friend ordered a cheese steak .
and the knives were put away .
I have eaten here several times and loved the food and the service .
This was one of the worst breakfasts I 've ever had .
There was something for everyone at this casino especially watching Tampa 's interesting characters .
We 've been coming here rather frequently over the last 3 years , much to the chagrin of our wallets and diets .
I 've found it disappointing enough almost to consider knocking them down a star for such a move , but I wo n't do that .
The decor clean looking and comfortable .
Food was incredible !
Pizza that night was bad .
Oh and also the gratuity is included in the tax calculation so you pay tax on the gratuity ...
We both would have ordered another drink had he asked us sooner .
The reason for the three rating though is that the bathrooms were disgusting and the trash was overflowing from all the bins .
Server was super friendly and had the bartender make us off - menu drinks .
We have a place to come eat every time we get into Reno !
This place is alright .
Their menu is extensive and very affordable .
My review of 12/17/14 remains valid and true to fact .
My husband had the traditional Monday special in NOLA , red beans and rice .
Dined here this past Friday night for dinner .
Great HOT pizza ... even at 2 AM in Broad Ripple .
The guacamole was a disappointment in comparison to the usual guacamole .
The sauce is very good , they use thr thicker spagetti which i enjoy , and the chicken was made just right , not dry at all .
I am a thin - crust kind of gal so this place is perfect .
French toast was delicious as well as the eggs and homemade jelly .
Jimmy John 's is a sandwich shop which we have visited many times , both for eating - in and takeout .
The beer is great and so is the atmosphere .
I went kinda early , so beer was half price ... sweet .
I got the empanada app which was very good .
My beni was actually kind of cool and while still good , I can only imagine how it would have been hot .
Then when the bill came we were charged $ 10 for an $ 8 item and $ 10 for a $ 6 item .
This place is so cute it 's hidden so not so easy to find unless you know but once you do you 'll be happy you found it !
Enjoyed breakfast outside .
At the end we gave up trying to decide .
It 's a nice place and they obviously put a lot of thought and money into the space , cuisine and concept .
corridor , on the east side of Center City , or within walking distance of Center City bars .
I started with a salad and we shared the buffalo shrimp appetizer .
I was drawn in by the promise of the duckfat frenchfries .
We 're dying to come here for one of the chef 's pairings menus , so I 'll let you know how that goes .
Our drinks were generous on the liquor and our server was very sweet and had a great sense of humor .
I call it family style as I feel like I am eating at a Hispanic friend 's house and their grandma is cooking .
The deviled eggs are good but the German Chocolate Cake is to die for ! ! ! ! !
Is my husbands favorite place .
Good concept .
The burgers were good .
I think I 've found my go - to chinese takeout .
They pride themselves on their hand aged meats , and since I did not order them I could not give them the 5 stars .
The tzatziki is fresh and the frappes are great .
If food is so so then the whole experience can be changed by the attitude of the staff .
If you are eating there call your pizza in before you get there !
Hard to find a vegan restaurant in the area and this was definitely an amazing find .
Good experience overall !
I chose the Chipotle with was a perfect paring .
The chicken enchilada was the worst enchilada I have ever had .
What a beautiful place !
Mostly it was basic sports bar food .
They are entirely too expensive , even for nolibs .
I am new to the area and heard so many great things about this place .
The hostess was very nice , and our waitress went above and beyond !
Kudos to them for running the place so well .
It was had good flavor .
I like great fish and this is a fine place to get it .
Had to track down our waiter to get our check at the end of the night .
I had the seafood benefit and it was great !
Because of our party size we had a reduced menu selection to choose from .
He was happy with the flavors and thought the seasoning was spot on .
The cheesecake was so creamy , you did n't even miss the sugar .
Some things were high quality and delicious , others felt and tasted very mediocre chain - like .
I appreciate friendly service , but this was a little too much .
It is the best way to taste as much as possible of the diverse menu .
I drive from Pinellas county for this .
We had an excellent diner .
Or ask the owner , he 's a great guy and can help you figure out what you might like best .
In ernest , he agreed with aspects of my review and wanted to let me ( and you ) know that Axis has new brick ovens .
I went there on a Saturday night with my husband and our 2 college - age children and we all enjoyed our food tremendously .
I love watching the dicing knives and the juggling food .
The Beach Club is a great indoor / outdoor space that offers a gorgeous and intimate setting , where guests really feel at home .
Make sure you order the veggie chips -- they are delicious , and that includes the beets .
great outdoor dining area I frequently ride my bicycle there have a slice and Ride it off home .
No complaints there , though she remarked that it did not blow her away .
Food was pretty great .
Me , I am not biscuit girl , but I do love a big hearty breakfast and this is where I come for that !
After we were seated , our waitress forgot just about everything we asked for .
Plus I 'm not even a violent person ) .
Seated near the bar at a four top , I sat at my table for nine minutes ... no one , nothing .
I have never been disappointed in any of my choices , possibly because I rely on their outstanding recommendations .
Lebanese tea was perfect also !
My friends and I frequently go here for the trivia on Thursday nights .
I order the 5.99 special , but did not want the rice so I ask the cashier could I have a bed of greens .
Very traditional , though I think it was too overwhelming with so many fillings - I typically just like it with meat .
Kevin and his father are a great team .
Wow have things changed at this location .
Jesse 's was one of the first restaurants I visited after moving to this area over 20 years ago .
There can be a bit of a wait on the weekends for breakfast , but they have a nice set up of water , etc . , while you wait .
You walk in and go to the register where you look at the menu , order and pay .
Despite those few minor nitpicks , this is definitely a place I intend to bring my husband back to to try more things .
The hot donuts are amazing and the chicken was fabulous !
It 's a nice trendy place for a drink , but go only for the atmosphere and not for the food .
Charles who mistakenly think they 're in downtown Clayton .
Small place but IR is pleasing to the eye .
I ordered the spicy green papaya salad and an order of shrimp fresh rolls .
Tiki Tolteca would become one of my regular hangout , if I were a New Orleaner :-)
Sushi is not fresh and dining area is not clean .
Try the El Sitio in Isla Vista : they are much more on top of it and the quality is better .
Ok , so I 'm a stalker of Marrakesh Express .
The bread pudding was to die for .
Everything looks even better in real life than on the touchscreen menus .
Very personable man .
There were boxes of arts and crafts material , shelves with books , and many many chairs and tables to just chill and relax .
You poach an egg white just like you poach an egg .
The donuts taste like they been cooked in Used Oil .
( The cheese and the salsa , however , were tasty . ) Avoid tofu .
The hamburger bun is pretty good I thought .
Personally , I 'm glad that Milktooth 's portions are n't huge .
The calzone came out pipping hot and fresh , we will definitely be back ! !
This restaurant is one of my favorites , I have been here many times .
She might have a great thing for little humans , and that 's ok with us .
You go to be kidding me , just blew my lunch all to pieces !
I might go back at dinner , when the weather is cooler , and sit on the balcony outside as Harry suggested .
If you go make sure you order something with the carmelized bacon , it 's wonderful .
I 'm not a vegetarian , but the Goodness wrap is a knockout .
I wish I still had the photo of the dish I had for lunch , it was so beautiful I had to take a phone picture .
Everything about this place is amazing , down to the music selection .
You do n't want to settle for a McRib sandwich ! ! !
It 's my understanding typically food that 's buffalo style so tossed in buffalo sauce .
Greg and Aras have both been warm faces whom we can look forward to seeing each time .
If this does n't bother you , the bagels are pretty good .
Four of us had dinner at the Sockeye Grill this weekend .
I traveled to eat here and I wo n't be back , not as good as the reviews say
For lunch I had the Garlic Sauce Chicken , which came with rice on the side .
It 's so oily that I leave the last few mouthfuls so I do n't have a heart attack on the spot .
The bread basket was even good !
Had dinner here last night , filet skewers were excellent .
Last time we were here the service was great , so on a rainy Thursday we thought P.
The buffet lay out is a bit annoying as they serve the food to you from behind the buffet stand .
Not that anemic , black , canned crap .
Just had chicken taco , steak taco , and chicken salad .
The cheeseburger was surprisingly juicy and the chicken Slider had a nice jalapeño kick !
This was a good sit - down Asian restaurant .
And the tacquitos were yummy - with homemade sauce and yogurt on the side .
He returned once again with a freshly plated meal and told me to be careful the plate was hot .
I 'm new in town and decided to order some pizza for delivery while we unpack .
As a local , it takes a lot to get me to cross the causeway and to the beach .
It was barely anything more than very very watered down bourbon by the time it was poured .
We 've gotten take out twice and both times got different dishes .
Please do not go to this place .
Made a reservation ( highly recommended as this place is small and BUSY ) .
Came here on Friday night for happy hour ... great prices on drinks but the food was subpar this time .
Praline cheesecake was not what I expected but fit the bill .
The kimchi and side dishes I thought were pretty fair .
They are strict about no substitutions which is annoying .
Very unique and worth a trip .
I had the bananas foster French toast which was amazing but super rich .
I got to try the toasted ravioli , which are house made , and I had heard they were better than Lombardo 's , but , they are not ..
( Why am I eating dog food ?
And again , obviously , the fried chicken is also iconic .
The burger selection is really , really great .
They have a huge selection of everything .
Our waitresses were outstanding they were friendly and jumped at every opportunity to make our dinner great .
While it was tasty , it was not worth the price .
I chose a menu item , the Eggs Benedict with crab meat .
The food is OK , but is ruined by the awful atmosphere .
This was n't a bad dish but not mind blowing either .
The pizza came out immediately upon the heels of the waitress taking away the empty appetizer plate .
The watermelon and feta salad was very tasty , and the yakisoba noodle bowl was a big hit with my husband .
Gambling at the bar is a little different than gambling on the main floor ; drinks are very frequent .
Went on a Wednesday night after Joe 's Crab Shack !
Chicken broth with chicken rice pico and fresh avocados on top .
My companion 's mashed potatoes tasted like paper .
Several of our party ordered the bratwurst and knockwurst .
Pizza fusion was way better than I had expected .
I first came across Cake Bake last summer while searching for the perfect apple pie for my husband 's birthday .
:) I go here often , and I usually get a unagi and eel roll or a crunch roll .
Came back this week a couple of days ago w / family after raving about it since December .
My first instinct is to start this review by saying , " You 're an idiot if you do n't go here . "
I am not big fan of pizZa but somehow Anthony 's pizza made me love this place .
THAT 'S THE SECRET , it reminds you of a time when things were simple and good service and food were the norm .
Went there after work .
We did n't want to wait on the 2 hour line for just pancakes .
We 've eaten here several times and the food has always been just delicious !
I just wanted to try something new and opted for restaurants outside the casino for a change ...
I have visited this place 5 times and only ate there twice .
Good happy hour .
The waitress was very nice and the service was strange because it was always someone new coming over to us .
They had many other items with steak meat / filet mignon / etc .
I am going back to try no menu mondays soon and ca n't wait !
The ambiance is nice , the food is great , and the staff is friendly .
Sadly , the tuna was completely tasteless and disappointing ... which I do n't think I 've ever said about any non - grocery sushi .
I did like the fact that they have espresso drinks ( latte anyone ? ) and offer wifi ( ca n't live without the ipad ) .
If you have the chance , eat here !
This hotel was so terrible and I can narrow it down to 4 things :
It 's basically a Greek style lasagna with ground beef , tubular shaped pasta and a tomato cream sauce .
Great LOCATION in the busy part of Center City right by Rittenhouse Square .
You order at the register and then sit at a table where someone will bring you food .
Between the four of us , we sampled a third of the menu .
I liked that there were 3 fish tacos on the menu .
The waitress was friendly , but I did n't notice anyone 's drink get refilled the whole time .
I have been wanting to go for years and since we were in the valley celebrating her birthday , thought we would try brunch .
Also I really liked the interior design and music , they created a nice ambiance .
Walked right in to El Rey on Saturday night .
The counter has a small glass window so one can see the tattooed - artisans construct the pizzas .
The first two were pretty good - but the remainder were hard and I gave up .
I really like those places where the menu is small , but you know everything tastes amazing .
It was very crispy with two large filets of white fish .
And when there are n't - you feel like other people can hear you .
It was just plain simple fresh fish neck that sat on the grill undisturbed .
we came here this last week and was greeted and sat ..
They got this lunch thing DOWN with the blue plate lunch .
My only disappointment . ,,,the use of thick airy doughy white bread in dishes .
My mom got the B.L.T and did n't realized it came in a pita bread , I think she just wanted a traditional BLT not a BLTP , lol .
There 's a reason this place is number one in Tarpon Springs just watch out for dropping olives into the liquid ...
My husband did enjoy the wild boar ribs but the rest of our party was very underwhelmed by their meals .
I do n't know if they have become complacent or just changes in personnel .
The manager only took off the $ 1 gluten free bun upgrade and the " pretzels . "
We ordered the new sandwich " The BET " and paid an extra $ 2.00 for extra cheese .
One of the best meals I 've ever had and service was flawless , expert , courteous , and never intrusive .
Loved the cut of the meat .
My first experience with them and they were wonderful .
The $ 11 burger was dense and moist .
But my onion rings were what was really good .
Food and service and price were all very good .
The reason I wanted to try this restaurant- The Harvest salad !
The owner is very knowledgeable and is willing to take the time to make sure you get the best chaat .
I 've been here twice in the past two weeks and both times the experiences were great .
Not sure why , it 's a perfectly good corner .
Our first stop in Nashville is this cute coffee shop .
Drink prices were reasonable and the space was very cool .
I 'm not a sweets person , but snuck a bite from my son .
I guess most normal people have no problem getting off the freeway and getting into the lot , but sometimes I = fail .
From pick up to dine in , their food is consistent .
As a result of the good reviews of the rice balls I decided to order them .
We also had the spicy peanut tart for dessert .
Must be good -- it 's a John Besh restaurant , right ?
I realize that they want to make a profit but this is awful !
Nice decent amount of BBQ sauce , onions , chicken , pineapple and some bacon crumbles .
I have been trying to come here for what seems like an eternity , but there was always something in the way .
They also have a nice patio in the back for warm weather days .
My other half like the plantain also .
But I also went on a Tuesday so it was n't busy and my food was quick and great !
Then you wo n't listen to your stomach when it says you 're full .
In fact , there were only two other customers there at the time .
The breading was a bit too thick and the sauce was n't very exciting .
I ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork Pizza with apples , onions and bleu cheese .
The bbq shrimp were great , flavorful , spicy and succulent .
All the food is good and so are the drinks and milkshakes !
I would recommend this place to absolutely anyone .
Overall , not a bad place .
To the reviewer who said ' best Carne Asada burrito ever ' , absolutely agree !
Did have to wait a while for the food to come be ready .
I 've heard the Tampa location is way better , so I 'd just go there .
I got so full off of the chips and queso ( which was yummy ) that I did n't care .
I did n't feel like anything was overly greasy or battered and the portions were adequate for the money .
He offered us a complimentary salad , but we declined , as we wanted to save room for dinner .
The bartender is busy with other guest , she says she will be right with me , 15 mins later still have n't been helped .
I 'm not sure , but as I said Free birthday sushi is not a bad deal but I wo n't be back paying full price for my sushi here .
It 's a great little spot for a good breakfast or lunch .
Tarahumara replaced my favorite Cherokee Mexican restaurant , Siete Luminarias , so they had big shoes to fill .
The bun was perfect and the accoutrements were fresh .
I love Ariana - and always order the same thing .
A warning , though , the brunch menu is not very extensive .
Seafood was fresh , well cooked and abundant .
There were six in our party and the bill was 42 bucks .
It was n't a whole chicken more of chopped on a bed of lettuce .
What a pleasant surprise to find Chopstix and have a really superior experience !
Woe that it 's $ 5 a pop for the smallest size .
I freaking love this place .
My boyfriend & friends and I eat here pretty frequently , everything I have ever gotten is delicious .
They do have fresh squeezed orange juice !
The server wrote down short stack and gave me pancakes and I told her she was wrong I asked for the French toast .
The box was really fancy and the cake was really good , but not sure why it took so long .
All the reviews on here are perfect .
My new favorite ice cream spot !
As dessert we had the thai tea , banana boba , and the taro boba , which were the cherry on top and great finish to the meal .
Great switch in ownership and definitely give it a try ... the margaritas are amazing as is the homemade salsa !
Sicne its closer to work , I will definitely go back .
The place was pretty small , but had a pretty decent and clean bar area .
Our meals came out a bit later and I instantly thought Joe 's Crab Shack .
There 's always a long line , and it 's worth the wait ! ! !
Day 2 : We arrived again , only to find another very large line ...
Perfect local restaurant and bar .
I did n't really like my sandwich I got here .
The place was not crowded .
Stumbled upon this place while visiting from TX .
The service was pretty bad .
I stated that I would like to cancel a delivery order I placed more than 90 minutes ago .
So I walked in and that is when my 3 day RELATIONSHIP started ! .
That said , no matter how much I mix it up VEGETABLE SOMOSAS ARE A MUST .
I got the halibut .
I have NEVER been treated like that ever in an establishment .
So do n't go for the ambiance .
Everyone was so friendly and just a great casual atmosphere .
The food was good but not exceptional ... price appropriate for area .
The service was impeccable as well as the atmosphere .
The chairs could be a bit more comfortable as it 'd be nice to sit through an entire football game .
They just opened about 3 weeks ago .
My wife and have been here many times ...
And AFFORDABLE Ca n't wait to go back ! !
I was blown away by the sandwich .
While living in Carp we frequented Siam almost every week .
I asked what type of syrup and he said it was something like German white chocolate ?
I think the best dishes were their fresh nans and green pea / paneer .
My wife has a couple of food allergies and we let him know in advance .
Hubby had an average burger .
Nothing mind blowing .
We sat inside for around 15 minutes , no server .
We will return every time we visit Nashville .
There is n't really another great choice on the menu , which is surprising , considering the better breweries nowadays .
I forget the description , but it came with spinach and pilaf , and it was maybe , the BEST CHICKEN I 've ever had .
After the bartender told us he made awesome margaritas , we trusted him with our request for two .
Will never return , thanks for trying .
If I lived in Indy this would be my spot ; I am happy I am in Bloomington because I might be here way too often .
These pork shortribs are lightly fried , but the meat is juicy and goes really well with the accompanying sweet and sour sauce !
If you go to pick up your pizza and it 's after 10 pm , wear ear plugs before going in .
She recommended the poutine , mmm .
but I did get a tortilla soup and 1/2 a Mediterranean salad .
This is one of the best affordable and yummy brunch places in University City .
After having a limited selection at terminal F I finally decided to go with Tony Luke 's .
Especially if you are a lawyer -- get on board , all your peers are here .
They have a great selection of beer - the melon Gose was outstanding .
Loved the pastries ( All of them taste the same , Pinapple flavor ) Reminded me about the pastries back home in India .
Loved the sriracha mayo .
The menu options are nice , and I ordered the steak au jus and truffle oil fries .
The lady bartender said it was happy hour and she would get me a menu .
Only sound was the overloud music .
I love the food at Guo Bin .
My favorite is thin crust pizza which this is and crispy .
I have n't found the breakfast in this area to be great so this was a welcome relief .
I may be mistaken , but we only saw one POS for entering orders and paying bills .
I think the lemonade was fermented from sitting there ; it had a funky aftertaste .
Of course , she had a runner come to our two top with our desserts .
That being said , I thought the staff here was extremely nice .
The two star is for the cold food that I have paid .
The service here has never been ' knock me down good ' .
The atmosphere is pretty magical and worth the trip !
They were extra busy when we were visiting with a party of 6 plus a baby and everything was fabulous .
The pad Thai I 've been told is n't the most authentic but it 's cheap and good so I usually get that .
Hemingway 's offers a delightful dining experience .
Went there with 3 other people .
We tried to have lunch here last week and there was a paper sign on the door , but it 's gone now .
And if the other reviews are n't clear enough ...
Chicken corn chowder and chilled melon soup were both outstanding .
They were these teeny tiny shrimp that looks like they came from a bag frozen .
It 's just not good beer .
The stars go for the food concept/ potential and the way management responded .
Friendly owner and attentive staff .
One night I ordered the Chicken Pan Fried noodle to go and , to my despair , it was not what I expected .
So after spending $ 20 over the price of the bottomless , since I was buying by the glass ..
By the time she came back with the sauce I asked for at least 10 mins had passed .
It 's on my walk home so I go in when I 'm craving some Chinese .
I know it 's for the men , but still , there 's women that eat there too .
We went here after learning about it on White Linen night .
We plan on coming back the next time we are in Nashville .
Always a great time .
Downgrading here based on the service during our most recent visit .
Normally there is a wait but sometimes you can slip right in .
My backwoods cherry cola was n't too shabby ( a little too sweet for me ) but the food was great and so was the service !
I work nearby and get food from them about once a week .
A group of 12 girls and I came here for a Bachelorette party and had a two bedroom interior balcony suite and it was AMAZING !
The French toast is delicious , and omelettes are enormous .
I ask for the manager and he comes over I inform him of these extra items .
That is just way too much for guacamole in my opinion .
Smiley himself is a true gem and the food was DELICIOUS .
The rice is store bought , the beans come from a can and the guacamole is bought from Costco ...
This place really is n't that good .
My only complaint was that it cost $ 2.50 for a side of bacon , which was two tiny strips of bacon .
The duke calzone was super tasty and by far the best calzone I have ever had !
I have also been told that the bagel and hummus , and croissant 's are delicious .
Sweet potato fries were good .
the rolls are unique and you ca n't find them elsewhere .
Some people love it , but it just was n't my thing .
It does n't strike me as very authentic but you get a ton of ( tasty ) food for very little money .
The best part would have been the sangria or the queso blanco which you can really mess up .
The ambience was nice but it does get a bit loud as the restaurant fills up .
My favorite drink there is the Dark and Stormy which I will have on a really hot day .
on top of THAT my other half sandwhich did n't even have sausage covering even half of the bread .
This hotel is pretty nice .
* Hummus with Pita Bread : The best restaurant hummus I 've ever had .
You order at a counter and go sit at metal tables .
Have n't checked out the Nashville location yet , I hope it 's as good as Franklin 's .
The huevos rancheros were delicious but the French toast was disappointing .
The dips of the day are amazing .
The rolls here too are amazing !
Once he got other tables things mellowed out and we really enjoyed ourselves .
I 'm from out of town and picked up an awful sinus infection .
( Yes , I will visit South Jersey friends again ) .
On the other hand , the servers did keep water refilled well and tea was presented immediately .
We had appetizers ( LOVE the gyosa here ! ) as well as a number of sushi rolls .
I devoured my whole sandwich in less than ladylike time ( and demeanor ) .
We ordered the lamb tikka masala and the tandoori chicken for our entree and I will have to say the lamb melted in our mouth .
The employees are very friendly .
Also , ask for Chad if he 's available , he 's the best chef I 've had there .
Also , they have this cool pineapple drink they make in house called tepache that 's unique .
the lump crab omelette with the sauce was just the cure for a dull grey rainy morning ... !
If your looking for great mussels this is the place to go ! ! ! !
forgot to put my dessert order in the bag though so I was very bummed when I noticed far too late !
They also give you a variety of dipping sauces - plum , some kind of yogurt , and another which was kind of like cocktail sauce .
We also ordered a large order of fries , and asked for their house mayo and house cheese sauce .
Which is what made the rest so disappointing .
Such a shame , it came out looking beautifully and the shrimp were huge and had the tail on ( which I love , holds the flavor ) .
The food is really good there .
Just a nice vibe at this place .
The dishes are tapas style so they are fairly small .
This will be our new " go to " place at the beach .
The convention facilities are luxurious .
Sukho Thai is one of those dive - y places that is a hidden gem .
On a recent getaway with my sig other in Montecito we came to this place on some Yelp recommendations .
The oysters came out and were excellent .
So thumbs down on the pizza .
Kinda under cooked and doughy .
We ordered the margarita swirl with blood orange and the mango mojito .
I do n't smell stale smoke and would not call it dirty .
Coconut shrimp were burned and the fried avocado was a gloppy mess .
Trish was our incredible server , and she had another server at her shoulder .
Everyone had a wonderful time !
A real bummer !
If ya pull up on a warm day and see the front door open , well , you know what to expect .
The second time we were greeted with horrible customer service , so bad that we left without ordering .
You can say it 's a little hole in the wall .
The atmosphere is comfortable , clean and a slice of Thailand .
Nice relaxing atmosphere .
It was really good with little pieces of cake !
It 's a great place to bring vegetarian friends .
But I will say once I got my order to where she would be willing to make it it was very good
From the food , staff , customers , and the blues of course , this atmosphere creates something special in Saint Louis .
This time , I ordered the Highland Black Mocha Stout from Asheville , NC which went down ever - so smoothly .
The pizza is amazing !
And it came with a side of spaghetti , although that was n't impressive either .
Just as good as what I 've had back in the south .
It 's even better that they deliver on GrubHub so this will definitely be one of my favorite place to order from .
As a former Philadelphia , my visits back to my old stomping grounds always bring me back to this little place .
Plus , it was Endymion that night , so who knows .
Only 2 tables dining in and no one was in line prior to us .
If I have ONE main issue with the place , it 's not the food , or the staff , but the customers .
Food .. we ordered dinner set of 4 choices of the meat and they were all salty and not well seasoned into the meat .
We hit up the happy hour for half price marg pitchers were tasty .
Fun fact , I " recently " moved somewhat close to the " Hill " .
This place is as good as it gets ...
Ordered the blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich , it came pretty quick .
The portions were definitely small but the food was good .
If it would not have been so late I would have run to a McDonald 's in order to get some more food to eat .
It 's easy to drive past and would require quite a bit of back tracking to get there .
I 'm not a root beer fan so have n't tried , but I keep hearing awesome things about it .
Walked in to a pretty busy restaurant at 8:15pm .
Nice view from outside tables .
Check them out even if you are not in the neighborhood ...
Then there are the coffees and fountain drinks and desserts .
This place is so creative .
I was craving some but Acme Oysters line was too long ( as usual ) .
A bit pricey but , worth the experience .
The " Philly " on their awning bothers me because of the quotation marks .
The convention center area itself is huge , with gorgeous carpeting , interior decor , etc .
Quaint place for a glass of wine while people watching .
Overall , the portions are BIG and very satisfying .
Son 's Wahoo sandwich also was tasty .
Our waitress was awesome , very welcoming and knowledgeable .
But it 's good enough that it 's worth the wait .
The came with sauce and nothing else for a whopping $ 18 .
I asked my waitress Jodie about how the " endless lunch " truly worked .
I also explained , again , that an even credit was n't enough for the current disappointment .
However , the baguette was tasty .
We both had a Lebanese flatbread , the Cheese , tomato , long hot , parsley and the lamb bi - ajeen with egg .
There is a small , one way lot outside but you can hardly ever find parking there .
Servers seem hip , but we were rushed through an inattentive service .
Oh and their desserts look so good !
We had good Blue Moon beer and handmade burgers that were excellent and exceeded our expectations .
I do n't eat raw oysters by my husband does and this was an experience .
ordered a boba milk tea they asked how sweet I wanted my drink I said really sweet please ...
We started with the fries , topped with feta cheese which were perfectly crispy and delicious .
There were lots of people there but the wait staff was excellent .
Each night I dined with work associates and throughout the meals the waiters kept trying to take away plates too soon .
The homemade ketchup was refreshing .
We eat there regularly never had a bad meal .
Drinks were good as was our dessert a profiterole .
It was more traditional cantonese cooking then I got at Szechuan Omei but then I only had one dish .
There are many other choices downtown .
Eventually I tried the University City location , and it 's much more " hip . "
I finally made it to Cheu last Sunday and could n't be more pleased with my experience .
The chips were airy and made in house earlier that day .
The atmosphere was good , however I did n't like the music .
The reason why I said that is because we went there first and they ran out of a main ingredient .
My friend ordered the Berry Bowl and she loved it as well .
The quality of food I will say was exceptional , minus burnt gumbo ( southern ppl can tell dude ) .
Even if you are n't a big sweet potatoe fan you will love these ! !
And that is exactly what the Cake Bake shop is made of .
The special drinks were great ( peach infused vodka - delicious ) .
We did not care for the breakfast potatoes which are 1/2 sweet and 1/2 regular potatoes .
Great little breakfast joint easy walk south of route 90 .
You have to order the whipped feta and hummus small plates .
I probably should have added some sauce but I did not try any of the 4 sauces on the table .
The food ( thanks , in part , to James in the kitchen ) is consistent and so good .
We get our meals , start to eat , and me and another guest from our table go to the bar to drink .
But again , the burger was just okay .
The gulf shrimp had grits fritters That I did n't like much
* No toads were harmed in the making of my egg .
I ca nt get past how little it is and how they are making them right there in front of you .
I had the pork chops and they we 're out of this world .
I really understand that sometimes things just do n't go the way they were supposed to and that people make mistakes .
My glassware for beer was dirty , chilled , and they were out of everything on draft .
Ok price for a really delicious treat .
This has always been a great place for chicken wings and burgers The servers are hospitable .
Pictured is the grilled cheese and the pecan sticky bun .
Our waitress did inform us that they brew their own beer and spirits in the house which was interesting .
It 's a popular local place so plan on making your reservation on Open Table and plan accordingly .
We were reluctant to try it due to mediocre reviews , but two locals recommended it .
After a long wait , I finally got to check out Livery .
The food we got , bread and either whipped butter in a dish of oil , was revolting .
Really enjoyed the blacked shrimp and fried oysters .
Walked in on a quiet Wednesday night , where only three other tables were occupied .
More on the sweet side and not spicy at all .
It 's just a license for marketing , it 's a generic zombie game .
Really do n't get the hype .
It was my first time at Mizu .
A group of six went to The Block a little over five years ago and none of us enjoyed our meal .
Seat was for four and they put two tables together near the bar .
While the tacos had some great flavors the salmon was a bit overcooked , thus making the tacos a bit overshadowed by the soup .
Very small place but they seemed to fit us in in a reasonable amount of time .
My nephew agrees ..
and I 'm not referring to those delicious prophylactic wrapped cakes made of chocolate , air , and pure magic .
Third , the food was good , but merely mediocre for the prices , which were much higher than I expected .
One small plate after another that simply amazed .
Went here with my friends and I had a horrible experience .
If you 've never visited Ron 's , i 'd recommend sticking to the Ovals- pizza , which is what they 're known for .
Every bite was delicious as is the $ 55 price for the 4 course tasting menu .
The burger ( ABC burger ) was dry and way too overcooked for my taste .
Everyone agreed that the food , while not inedible , was nothing to write home about .
I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND ! ! Late lunch ( 1:30pm ) on Monday 7/16 .
Had a live roach scurry past me and the manager replied they had just finished dinner service ....
I would n't exactly call Indianapolis a food city , but Milktooth is the best brunch place I have ever been to !
Do n't forget the beer .
The spice was just enough to be pleasant .
It comes with sweet Italian sausage and grilled polenta .
Nevertheless , the food itself just was n't that great .
My wife had Thai hot and she loved it , it was HOT .
Kudos go out to the Judge boys who own the Blue Duck , we will definitely be back .
Also glad we went to see action packed Man of Steel or I could have easily zonked out .
Overall I had a very pleasant brunch experience with my friend .
No beer or wine , but it looked like you can bring your own .
I do n't think you should have to shout to have a conversation .
I have been there several times in the last month for takeout and dining for lunch and dinner and they have not been around .
I 've never had a bad dinner there .
First , I got there at noon and started looking at lunch menu , the lady rudely told me , that I ca n't order lunch on Sunday 's .
Shrimp in the etouffe dish was firm , clean , and very fresh tasting .
I ca n't wait to try some of the other dishes and come back here for a sit - down dinner .
Hopefully next time we will get a fancy donut however they were all sold out when we got there at 330 .
I had eggs Benedict .
Crepes were fabulous !
The wait staff was inattentive in an empty restaurant .
There are n't many places I know that serve specifically ox tail pho , so I was really excited to try this place out .
I 've been a Dolphin market down the street for years , so I was skeptical when 3Js opened .
Have been coming here a long time and really bummed out about this experience .
This was always a great place .
Charged us full price .
The other was that the shrimp appetizer was served last , appetizer , after everything else , and as such was overcooked .
The service was great and the food was fabulous .
I know people speak highly of the kabobs , which are delicious , but I always get the same thing when I come .
The food here was very good , but there are certainly some imperfections .
The dressing was a bit on the heavy side for a vinaigrette .
If you need water , you can ask and the employees can bring you a glass for free .
This is a nice place for OTB !
I reccommend getting the smoked salmon , or mackarel .
First time back to Nashville since I was in high school , and ca n't believe I have n't been back sooner !
The food was terrible and so was the coffee .
The service is unbelievably good , as is the food .
And their corn bread is amazing as well !
It 's like home and you parents cook for you .
Anyway , I am a HUGE fan of this place .... great food , full bar , nice set up inside , and a great patio as well .
The spinach and potatoes were the best I 've had .
Overall a great experience and worth the try .
I agree with one person 's comment about its nothing like satco - THANK GOD !
Certainly a must visit when in the city .
We ordered crab cakes , peel and eat shrimp and calamari .
The dish was good , but just a bit dry .
Entrees were a range from chicken to veal to eggplant parm and all were average at best ... not a lot of flavor in anything .
I ordered the meatloaf , and it was spicy .
After a verbal argument between me and the staff the had to nerve to ask if I still wanted to order .
The lunch combos are a good deal .
It 's awesome that you get a free order of queso when checking in with the Yelp app , but it came out cold !
The server said all toppings were gluten free except for the meatballs .
You tell them to take care of you and they will .
Most of the starters are good , especially the wings .
And thus far , service has been pleasant on all my visits here , including with my colleagues and our professors .
I got the chicken club and my husband got the Molldeli special .
My take : you 're only 1.2 miles away from Bacon and Caviar , make that your stop instead !
So I was very happy to see that I had nice , light tea to complement my food .
In fact , it was the best fried shrimp I 've ever had .
And probably the healthiest meal in the whole mall .
You feel transported and the uniform the staff wears is beautiful and adds to the elegance .
The place was packed , but the chef that was there in December was n't there !
On the savory side , their breakfast pockets are excellent .
People were waiting for seats , but there were a good number of empty tables indoors and out .
I drive 10 minutes back and get my remade order and another apology .
My review : the food was good , but I would n't say it was great .
It 's fun to watch the alcohol burn , but there was n't enough of it and most of the top of our dish did not caramelize .
The service was good even as it became busy later in the meal .
Food was awful .
I usually just pull to the front door and wait unless another car actually comes behind me .
Louis did not disappoint with their large well put together Italian dishes .
Every time I sat at a table they forgot one thing or another .
The food was on the expensive side but definitely well worth it for the quality .
Thank you for a lovely morning !
The homemade ice cream is really good .
I went to Square 1682 during restaurant week with a group of colleagues .
We had trouble finding the entrance as the old entrance has closed .
the staff is always friendly and love yelling OPA !
When I first saw the ribs I was a little thrown when they were spare ribs but I was over that almost immediately .
They 're not the best tasting ones out there- but two large ones and you 're good for the night .
BUT it cost me 5 dollars I believe .
Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside , with a wonderful caramel sauce that was obviously made in - house .
I ca n't say anything bad about this place .
I had my 30th birthday party here .
The other two ordered the pork and dumplings .
I really wanted to like this place , but as so many others found , the food just is n't up to par .
So I hear whispers of a reemergence of brunch I truly believe this is the best brunch spot in New Orleans .
I ended up ordering 3 Italian beefs , two polishes ( " Maxwell street - style " ) , and one Chicago dog .
The service was expedient .
A little higher then other restaurants in the area .
My ahi tuna sandwich + fries apparently gets sold out every night , but I thought it was pretty average .
Love the atmosphere and the cool little TV speakers at each table .
My husband really did n't care for it at all .
The dessert is amazing too !
Do nt waste your money .
When arriving right on time for our 6:30 reservation on Friday 07/17/15 the hostess had this mean face .
The nigiri and quail egg shooters were great and fresh , too .
Better than most Mexican places in LA .
The food is great , the beer is good , and the waitstaff is incredibly friendly !
Bigger than the Rittenhouse location & there 's actually street parking !
It 's so nice to find a small intimate restaurant in Media that cares about quality and friendly .
I wish I loved this place as much as everyone else seems to .
I would not recommend it given there are so many great restaurants in New Orleans
It 's pleasant that the staff is so friendly .
It 's often busy , and I often ca n't understand someone three feet from me .
That being said , it was a nice try , and we will go back at least once more ... maybe it was just a bad night .
For the poor customer service and overall dining experience , three stars .
And it was n't even a fruity chick drink , so it made me happy .
Will never be going near this place ever again
It smelled like a basement .
Nothing more to say than this is the BEST donut place ever .
It 's a three floor restaurant all well maintained .
Place is going downhill .
We had the shrimp tacos , crab cakes , and fried shrimp and onion ring platter .
The trout , in my opinion , was overly charred and lacked seasoning .
Secondly , the dessert was great !
I have tried practically the entire menu and it has all been tasty .
Had the crawfish beignet , seafood stuffed mushrooms , crab cakes , crab cake po boy and seafood flatbread .
It was good and I liked the crust .
The pad see ew is amazing .
Mi Ranchito 's always has a crowd .
Came here about 5 - 6 years ago and remembered liking it so much then I was so delighted my friend brought me back last week .
Horrible customer service in both situations .
The case had a very small selection of cupcakes that did n't look appealing in terms of display or design .
My favorite part about this place is the salsa bar , but it 's not your average few varieties .
Barro 's is a great place for a couple of slices .
The bad thing is all the other staff were extremely nice and cool skinny guy in the back cooking and big guy manager .
I love Cosi but this Cosi is going down hill fast .
In all fairness , it was n't overly busy , but still there were other customers around .
Nope , it had to be entrees .
We think the wings were so tasteless because they had to make so many for us ahead of time .
Saw this place after stopping at Cvs next door and had to try it because of the name .
I 've only had the afternoon buffet during the week , so I ca n't judge everything they have to offer .
I ca n't speak for anything other than breakfast but I 've always enjoyed that from this place .
The hummus was the best I have ever had - smooth , creamy , and perfect flavor .
Highest praise for the fried green tomatoes and the avocado bowl .
night to try it out .
The waiter was great but as I got my appetizer , there was it has a hair in it .
We asked to sit at the bar to make it quicker .
Only complaint is that we ordered at 5:45 and it said it would be ready at 6:00 .
$ 3 margaritas and dirty lemonades were perfect !
The flavors were awesome though .
A few people in my group ordered some of their specialty drinks and enjoyed them as well .
The toppings I ordered on my burger were Rogue Smokey Bleu , caramelized onions , bacon , and a fried egg .
The steak ( as mentioned above ) was superb .
We got beers and margaritas .
Ordered via Bite Squad delivery .
You do n't get in without a reservation .
The only disappointment on the buffet was the biscuits .
Attentive staff .
That 's it , just hot dogs .
I opted for tater tots ( my weakness ) and he got even more fries .
Not just because it was playing in the cafe either .
But if you do nt like oily pan fried food , tell them put less oil or much less oil .
Very laid back atmosphere , very friendly staff , and excellent food !
She brought out these house made chips and a dip that were very unique , and so good that we asked for another order .
Jaki C promised me Mrs K would like the place .
Like chicken , beef and such .
Note : the on - duty manager ( 4/24/16 ) was apart of the problem , a big part of it .
The scallops and broiled crab cakes are really good !
The guy asked me how did you like it because when I went customer service was horrible .
So if your target area is Rittenhouse Square , you may have a bit of a hike .
My three all time favorite foods EVER ...
Carpet so dirty ....
I ended up with just a burger .
Her demeanor and personality were also very flat .
I wish this place was closer to me so I could walk - in , but I got it because it was rated highly on Uber eats .
And they treated my young daughter very nicely , even giving her some tasty grapes on the house .
Great spot to chill & excellent pic opportunities on the outside deck area !
The brother had the gyros with the greek salad .
My daughter commented that she did n't miss pizza sauce at all and liked that it was drizzled with a very good olive oil .
All of their sandwiches come on pretzel bread ( literally a pretzel cut in half as bread ) which was a cool spin on a sandwich .
The best Italian I have had in years ( and I 'm Italian ! ! ) .
The dishes are classic Italian , freshly made for each individual order .
The broth was so good , I wanted to treat it as if it were soup .
The sauces are amazing .
Service is excellent and everyone was super pleasant .
Highly recommend chocolat scurio and pera as a combo -- it was perfect !
Otherwise the service is ok and when you call ahead it 's ready for pickup about 75 % of the time .
Especially one that was very week just tastes like ginger beer it was not enjoyable at all .
There are a lot of other better options out there .
Had a great time .
The cutest brunch spot ! ! !
We got 2 spicy salmon , yellowtail scallion , spider , dragon and the Old City .
My friends ordered the Gator burger and the deer burger .
this place is neat .
He also sold us on the brunch , so there 's another reason to come back !
I liked the coziness of the space .
They serve lunch and dinner every day and on the weekends they have breakfast ( sometimes a buffet ) .
This place is at the end of the pier and is awesome .
Happy hour on a wintry Sunday and the place was pretty busy .
Arrived on Thursday ( New Years Day ) around noon and the place was packed with a hour and a half wait .
And , just last night ... finally stumbled into Modesto .
Their patio is completely covered so no issues with the torrential downpour we were having .
Oh yeah , they also have Zapps chips .
even when still when your food comes out ...
At this point I asked if we can have our table now and she said she will seat us once a table is available .
i still remember one of the duck entrees i had there as being the best duck i have ever eaten .
One of our top two dining experiences during our NOLA visit !
I love that the chef recommends certain a wines with each dish too ... the wine I had complimented the food well .
It 's alot of food so more than likely you will be asking for a to go box .
the fruit was a little wimpy in terms of size and taste but it got the job done .
The staff was so kind , the food was delicious , and I love the location .
I do n't need a double pour , just not a lot of tonic :-) Well , she returned with my second drink and hallelujah ! !
I love New York styled pizza , so of course I had to try it .
Service has always been quick and accomodating and all of my meals have always come out hot with the appropriate condiments .
Highly recommend this location !
Food was very good , came out fast and hot .
We smothered it in grated cheese and that made it a little better .
I took a chance on 3 Sisters and it really paid off .
I chose the beef tenderloin app and ahi tuna .
But good stuff overall will def be back .
Each time it came , it looked different from the last .
Came here with some friends for pi day and just noticed I had n't reviewed them .
We heard good things about Muriel 's but it fell way below expectations .
The pork tenderloin sandwich was amazing !
Nice looking hotel and heard the buffet was delicious , yet sadly we will never know ...
Ca n't wait to go again in a few weeks .
But wait the name of the place is Burger Republic .
Probably best to skip lunch time on the weekends if you do n't like crowds .
The papaya salad is awesome and just looks and tastes totally healthy .
My 5 star is based on the fast and friendly service , the excellent view of the Gulch and the food .
Husband wanted a good seafood place while we were visiting the area .
Came here for brunch with my family on a day trip to Philly .
We 've been here several times and never disappointed .
The pork enchiladas were to die for !
It had a great bar area set - up and a nice big fridge and lots of drawer space .
I had made reservations 5 days prior .
Every course after that took even longer even though we ordered when we sat down .
This place is by far the best Mexican we ' ve had so far in the Nola area .
Always a fun time .
I asked if we could do 1/2 slices , but was politely denied .
I 'm here to echo other 's concern for Bailey 's slipping quality .
Could have used more aioli , so it was a little dry since the bread is thick .
The garlic oil they serve w the knots before dinner is also very unique and ridiculously awesome .
Very disappointed with such attitude towards customers .
Definitely the best Italian restaurant not only in the area but anywhere .
The S'more milk shake was excellent !
Servers were also very friendly .
Again I would expect shit like this to happen if I were at TGI Fridays but I was n't at TGI Fridays .
If this Fazoli 's location can improve upon these things minor inconveniences , it 'd be a great place to grab a quick bite .
You can tell they do n't mass cook the crab legs because they come out hot and steaming each time .
$ $ $ $ $ If you are going to spend your money , go to Haggen Daaz !
She then complained that we were oozing over our table space onto the other people .
My date and I tried 5 items so I 'll rate them all -- salad was great , with a tart / sweet dressing in just the right amount .
Chances are no one is in trouble , they are there to eat .
It is a busy , busy store , but I never see any mess on the floor or coffee station or food station .
Loved the vanilla lavender and Indian cinnamon donuts .
So he wastes time trying to show me He Knows wine 's names , but Timpanodoes not carry them .
I had a side of fries and she had a side a grits .
If I did nt have previous restaurant experience and know what its like to work for tips , I would n't tip at all .
A tittle talkative but in a very good way !
The food was tasty but I did n't eat all my potato wedges .
We came here because of the pics and the reviews , but the food was ok .
The Lucky Perk is a pretty cool place to meet with friends or clients .
We shared a 12 " thin crust with bacon and ricotta and it may have been one of the best pizzas we both have had .
Some places make it watery but it was made just the way I liked it .
Still , the line was moving pretty well while I was there ... maybe 5 minutes from door to placing your order .
I 'm a mahi mahi fan so I ordered it as a sandwich and fried with cole slaw .
I have been coming here for years and it only gets better every time I come here .
Definitely a little divey and could probably use a really good deep cleaning , but I liked the Pines Tavern .
It 's a cute venue , holds about 200 people or so and there really is n't a bad seat in the house .
Safe to say we spent 3 hours in a restaurant for a lousy experience .
We 've eaten here quite a bit and have never had any complaints .
Went here for the first time for an acai bowl and it wo nt be my last .
The potatoes were really good but I was n't able to finish them after finishing off the sandwich .
I have never been so disappointed in the service I 've received here .
When I go , 90 % of the time I just sit at the bar and drink beer and snack on their chips and salsa .
The prices can be just a bit steep which is why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars .
I wanted badly to try the pozole , but alas , my tummy was stuffed .
Its about $ 1 a stem but they 've got gerbera daises , sunflowers , hygrangeas , tulips , so pretty .
They take our order , and after another 10 minutes , we see another open up .
The portions were large but not monstrous , and you could tell they valued quality over quantity .
Three Muses you are a gem and my favorite dinner spot in New Orleans .
I can not vouch for the gyros , but I can definitely vouch for the falafel .
The food comes out fast and the people are friendly for the most part .
I went with 2 friends who ARE into sushi etc and they both loved what they ordered .
On my suggestion , my partner ordered one of their mole sauce dishes ( i.e.
The Crab Meat Rangoon was really good as was the Mexican roll that I had for dinner .
I felt very under - dressed in my jeans and sweater .
It 's pretty bad when a 6 year old wo n't even eat the pizza which by the way is his favorite .
Ate Here Today the appetizers are good .
The sushi and specialty rolls are fresh , beautifully presented and priced well .
I 'm told their shakes are amazing , but I ca n't attest to that .
incredibly good on a second visit as well .
A great soup , any time of day .
The orange juice is awesome .
I ordered a standard dish , chicken pad Thai .
It is a good place that offers a variety of seating and the employees seem to enjoy working there for the most part .
The atmosphere is very loud and high energy .
I just happened to pull into this Outback and order the Peppered Ahi Tuna appetizer from the bar - it was amazing !
My Mother in / laws bf brought my husband , daughter , and I here .
I 'm not sure why this was because the food was solid for a traditional tapas style restaurant .
I should have checked reviews first ...
The remaining rolls are n't even worth mentioning .
We showed up to this little mom and pop restaurant and the place was empty .
It 's rare that I give a 5 of 5 rating ( always a way to improve , right ? ) , but Nathalie 's earned it .
We will definitely try Nathalie 's again , next time for dinner !
The Goat meat was tough and full of gristle .
It 's also obvious by how the chef brother treated me that I am not the first customer he has blown up at for no reason .
Overall , a great experience at a wonderful Tucson gem !
They did have a good beer selection with some I 've never heard of which is always good .
So happy to have this in my neighborhood !
It was good and no lack of food .
Mistakes happen , what sets a great place apart from a crappy one is how they 're handled .
I do n't care for veggies so I ate the bread .
The quality is great the selection is great the taste is great and the prices are great .
Unfortunately , the relatively late hour ( around 9 pm ) meant that our options were somewhat limited .
Do n't get 6 get a dozen ! ! ! !
At this point , we will not return .
So the prices are unjustifiably high , no getting around it .
Tony and his kindness only make it better !
I had ordered mofongo in previous ocassions and it was good .
The prices are a bit high , but the quality of the food is great !
We tried the chips and salsa , pork tamale , tacos dorado , carnitas taco , shrimp fajitas and tres leches cake .
I had the Chicken Picatta and the portion was generous .
The oyster was large enough to hold its own and the little bun was so fresh and soft it melted with each bite .
The happy hour is the bomb with half off everything except for a couple items .
Let me first point out ... they have a liquor license ! ! !
Then the versions at the mall food courts popped up in CA , and it was decent .
I 'm sure this place will end up busy and packed , but for now , it feels like a secret I want to keep !
The food was that good !
They were n't stingy with the filling , either .
We are already planning our return trip .
The owner and the staff is friendly .
I 've been a customer here for a very long time now , and i love it .
Always a great experience when I stop in .
Eat there about every two weeks and it is either a training store of some kind or they are the weak store in the area .
I had their poutine awhile ago , and while I ca n't compare it to the " authentic " stuff , I thought it was fantastic .
Very average espresso .
she immediately offered samples of the chicken salad and cinnamon rolls which were out of this world !
We literally had someone 's back almost at our table .
I held my husband 's surprise birthday party for about 35 people in the basement bar at Black Sheep .
As always , there was a little wait for a table .
The hoagies are excellent .
Decided to give this place a try on my lunch break and I have to say ... I'm impressed .
The chicken salad had no flavor at all and was very dry .
The food is not bad ( Though for the price you can do far better in NOLA ) , but the waiter ruined our experience here .
The hostess was friendly , engaging , and quite helpful with menu options , and the atmosphere is very inviting .
There were games and plenty of seating .
It 's convenient location if you live in the area , and it will fill your tummy .
Remarkable service and food .
The grits had no seasoning , had no taste of butter and had a lumpy consistency that we all disliked .
Except for not being our advocate our server was good .
Cheese plate ( blue cheese , brie and goat )
This place is so great for families ...
Good grief we came back to this place three times while on vacation and hanging around the French Quarter .
The margarita was just too salty ( not just on the rim ) , the old fashioned tasted off , but the mojitos were ok .
FAR superior taste to Cafe Du Monde .
Also for visitors is a great place to begin your day as this awesome place is in the heart of Nashville .
The tuna - tuna roll was good , the mango was a great flavor combined with the tuna and ponzu sauce .
The salads are grazed over but you ca n't help that in a buffet .
The drink menu was diverse and yet manageable .
No attention grabber or witty introduction here , just some amazing pasta .
Anyway this place is a local restaurant and one of my favorites in S.
The place is pretty small and shabby ( dare I say a little dirty ? ) , but the service was prompt and the employees friendly .
As an appetizer I ordered the Brunswick Stew .
I enjoyed the BLT salad .
Overall it 's a great place for grab - and - go fresh foods or a casual sit - down .
Excellent , inexpensive , takeout banh - mi from a very unassuming deli counter at the back of this Midcity corner store .
I would definitely go back although I would n't order anything that requires a dressing .
Ordered 2 # 5 's ( 500 burgers & fries & drink ) got 1 spicy & 1 non spicy fries , a black / white milkshake & a strawberry milkshake .
And for dessert , order the White Elephant .
A group of 9 met for lunch August 26 .
I ordered the Croque Monsieur ( Brie is my fav cheese , so to see it in a sandwich , AND with french toast ? !
maybe we came on a bad day .
Tasty and light , but good .
The husband and I went to Cappy 's on a whim ..
You did n't come here for the drinks or to smooze with the bartenders , so seriously , go sit at a machine .
One was also stuck to the plate and the crust was like stone .
Nice relaxing time but terrible food .
Must orders are the brussel sprouts , shrimp and grits , and the stuffed Bienville oysters .
We just had my daughter 's first birthday party and ordered from Testa 's the black - white cake with buttercream frosting .
My friends and I really enjoyed several appetizers and their curry dishes .
The gumbo , at $ 10 a bowl , was fairly priced but not what I expected in terms of quality .
Being such a big property , it made getting to restaurants off the property really time intensive .
So we will have to try Khmer Kitchen some other night and we drove a little way more to Sky Cafe .
Always have a great time here , and tonight was nothing less than expected .
The service was bad and no compensation for any of it .
I had three tacos -- Mahi Mahi , pollo , and carnitas .
Service was fast and friendly even though they were extremely busy .
I love baseball and have been coming here since I was a kid so I 'm probably a bit bias .
They pump the AC out onto the patio area to keep everyone cool while you can still enjoy the fresh air .
And the dish overall was not enjoyable .
They do not take reservations , and even coming on a Wednesday night we had to wait for a little while to be seated .
Poboy bread was good .
BTW- neither Easy Buffet nor Ginger Buffet charge extra for crab legs .
And tried the blackberry grits which were yum !
I do n't care if the food is good , treat people like an buttholes and I give a bad review .
We have to come back for a Real meal ! !
The prices were great so was the service .
I am also glad it was not XL in size , it gave me an excuse to try their LoLo Pork .
My friend and I ordered the try 3 , which comes out of pots and placed in bowls , so we should have been served quickly .
Being a man who believes in second chances , I tried John 's Village Market again .
staring at the front door right by the host 's stand .
I love the fact that the staff and owner are very personable .
Our waitress was very competent though and got everything right for us .
The service was great and the food was good too .
This is by far the worst food I have ever eaten .
My gf 's alfredo was good .
Great prices , miss the 50 - 75 - 100 special though ...
The second time i went i got the tofu with brown rice breakfast plate .
There 's potatoes or something with the roll .
Sushi had very little variety ( every roll had cucumber and crab , and then something else on top ) .
I work nearby and stop in for lunch often .
The quality and taste of the meat was top notch and it was on a great , fresh roll .
The serving sizes were very generous and we ended bringing a lot of leftovers home .
Barring this , I enjoy each visit and I look forward to ordering the flatbread , it 's my absolute favorite .
If the cooks are attentive to a simple soup , you know they will be attentive to the main courses .
We somehow finished every last bite and still had room for dessert .
We had been driving around for some time , on a weekday last week .
I usually put black pepper in my slaw anyways but this one was perfect .
Time goes by , veru slowly , watching every other table who came in same with us or even after us get their food .
Same with the meatball , you only get one - but it 's large .
Tried dinner there recently and found the quality is very uneven .
You 've just won the award for worst store in the franchise .
And the food .... bland and super greasy .
As I ate my pancakes I wondered when I would return to eat this yummy nectar of the gods .
Mole is never sweet , it is spicy .
Catfish platter was ok .
The food was decent , but the " service " earned our server a $ 2 tip .
I told my husband we would need to go elsewhere to eat then .
A girlfriend and I split the Tamal Corn Cakes for our entree and it was the perfect amount of food after our app .
All that you care about is that you got food in your stomach ASAP .
She was rolling her eyes at me .
And I do not take cake lightly .
This place is over priced , it was totally empty on a Friday night at 9:30 ....
if our first night is a usual night at Makiman , we 'll come here every other sushi night .
Their rolls are creative and different from other places in town .
Shrimp po boy fried fish po boy seasoned and fried to perfection .
And the thick , perfectly seasoned steak fries are the bomb !
Canned soda and some wines .
I had some pretty high expectations for this plate and while I found it edible ... it 's not something I would order again .
I came here with a friend after it was named the Best Burger from Best of Philly .
I bought a slice of cake to go ( $ 2.44 including tax ) , and WOW .
Very similar to many places in town .
Curry mustard for the win !
It is a place most people will look at and drive by .
Another server asked us if we wanted more to drink after our check was delivered .
After eating $ 30 worth of food , I was STILL HUNGRY ! ! ! !
I absolutely love this place it 's such a small quant place that you would walk by nine times out of ten .
great and cheap lunch specials ! ! ! ! !
Usually , I do n't eat eggplant , but in this form , it was very good .
Also figuring out how / where to park was crazy .
My husband thought the pork pastor was meat candy and I agree with him .
We tried the buffalo chicken pizza .
I had a meatball sub , which if I recall correctly was one of the cheapest things on the menu .
My wife had the Carnitas taco , I enjoyed the Carne Asada ...
For 5 dollars I ca n't really complain about it to much .
One item I did like was the chili .
Went for dinner for my birthday weekend .
Plus our roast beef sammy was way overcooked and dry ...
Delicious food but the for some reason the party that was leaving when we got there had gotten in a dispute with the staff .
I did n't get any on my food , but there 's so much of it , it 's on all the tables , in the air ...
I got more compliments on this pizza than any of the other food I was serving .
My boyfriend likes the chicken mai fun and the wonton soup .
The food was good , service was horrible .
We stopped in for drinks and apps .
I liked that they cut my burrito in half , I have small hands & that made it easier to manage .
As I already said , I prefer sitting outside ( good for people watching ) , however love sitting in the pub area as well .
i will give them points for trying ...
I love the little Trojan horse that 's just inside the door ( it 's big , but " little " compared to the size of the original ) .
Absolutely a place to experience .
And , did I mention ... made - to - order omelets and waffles .
a waiter and people who fill up your coffee . ) That said , it 's pretty cheap so , guess you get what you paid for .
It could have been the blaring band music .... yeah that was appropriate .
To top off the marginal food , it took almost 40 minutes to come once we ordered it .
The bread is tender in the savoury tasting broth , and there is a generous , but perfect amount of melted cheese on top .
The drinks were great and the guac with chips was fantastic .
My one MAJOR caveat for this place is do NOT try to eat here if you are very particular about your food .
Just do n't come expecting the absolute best italian food .
We enjoyed the the place so much the 1st time , that we decided to travel 12 miles out of our way to go a second day .
I would tell myself well it tastes great and the customer area of the restaurant has nice atmosphere .
The dumplings in chili oil had a sweeter taste to it and was good ..
I had bacon / eggs / banana pancakes , it was good .
Had fish tacos and house pickles both were delicious .
The crunchy skin is n't greasy at all .
50 cent oysters , half price cocktails , beer , wine .
After a back and forth , she said she actually still had the steak the server returned .
My mom ordered the prix fixe prime rib got two sides along with it ( corn and mashed potatoes ) .
my friends can be somewhat hard to please ... and Maynard 's wowed them .
My husband and I got noodle dishes and they were excellent .
I went on two occasions and varying degrees of service both times , but both times , the food was excellent .
i m a frequent backyard bowls customer and usually disregard if they make one mistake but this time was different .
The area 's dedicated staff and coordinator were great and the food was amazing .
This stuff tasted like cold cuts were warmed up in a microwave in comparison -- very weak .
For my side , I chose their " spicy carrots " which sounded unique .
I do n't understand why other reviewers are complaining .
Three of us went last night ; I have been here a few times throughout the years .
This is a small hole in the wall in the African section of Woodland Avenue .
Just because the food is cheap , does n't mean these servers do any less work .
Probably one of the WORST experiences I 've had in a restaurant :( Let me just start off saying , the food is good !
I will say they were notably smaller than other sushi spots .
Sadly , I found the pizza to be only okay .
Little did we know all day was what they had in mind .
Nice lively scene except then you can not hear squat !
I 'm sure the hosting issue was just a little glitch and not at all reflective of the attitude of this restaurant .
The bartender says " Sure ! "
The mozzarella sticks looked and tasted like the frozen ones you buy at the grocery store .
One of us received medium , while I received well done .
It 's great for a social sit down with friends and the quality of beignets are equal in taste .
Most of the times I 've come here and ordered the same thing , it was n't consistent or maybe I remembered it to be different ?
Not many choice on food .
I decided to go with the smoked salmon Benedict as it seemed interesting .
If you 're just snacking , the snack mix is a nice , savory taste .
My entrée was the spinach artichoke chicken sandwich .
The lox had ( surprise ! ) apparently been marinated in some kind of lime mixture , plus had been heated , possibly sauteed .
Tori was a great server !
Faves : they do make some good in house tortilla chips
Overall , it seemed like he did not really care for his job and was there just going through the motions .
They had great food .
The Tarte Aux Pommes was a little sweet for my taste , but these cocktails were outstanding .
The sausage stuffed mushrooms are divine , but the presentation of them was a little lack - luster .
Still no cookie dessert but glad it is n't featured on the updated website .
Too much involved with the noodles and the broth and then of course I over did it with the sriracha !
Food here is mediocre to good , depending on the day , and what you order .
If we dreamed it up , Breanna and the staff were all hands on deck to work to accommodate it .
It was cold and served on a paper plate # ew .
My favorite hang out for food and ambiance , speak some French , outdoors .
Great place for wing and pizza ! !
I ca n't wait until I 'm back in town to visit .
I did push the actual jalapenos to the side , but the flavor were definitely all UP in the grits .
The waiter apologized but made no effort to remedy the issue .
That 's an increasingly rare thing in Nashville , I must say .
I did n't appreciate how unique it was and regret driving by it for so many years .
I ca n't say enough about this place .
This is the worst restaurant that I have ever been to .
I and my husband went here for Dinner one day after work .
A friend of mine had a very small wedding and held the dinner reception at Central Park .
Over all , I enjoyed the food , the 2 margaritas , and the service was more than decent .
They now have two locations on Central Ave , very convenient if you 're downtown or closer to 34th street .
They were quick enough to take my money but forgot to bring my pizza .
I concur with user Lou D.
I also ordered Turkey hoagie which is about 12 in long , the turkey is store bought .
Such great company !
The deep dish pizza here is fantastic ! !
My husband was able to tune most of it out .
Then , she profusely apologized and had the kitchen actually remake it .
True to the waitress 's warning , the three dishes which comprised the tasting menu failed to satisfy .
There was another large group ( which the Lone Server was NOT helping with ! ) I get that too .
When you work in a restaurant , you should eat where people ca n't see you .
Inside , there is a few seats .
The managers and staffers are really great at accomadating and they truly offer a wonderful dining experience overall !
All I know is our experience tonite was exceptional .
They have a great outside look being right by the beach and they even had live music .
NONE of that , the crab was really fine ( almost like canned ? ?
I had the eggs benedict , and husband had the shrimp and grits , which is just to die for .
This is a really good little place , though the menu is REALLY confused .
Freshly made waffle cones and delicious ice cream .
People swore this was the best Chinese food they have had outside of major cities like Manhattan .
Aside from that , the food had no flavor .
If it was later at night we might have chosen not to walk back .
Asked for the manager but was told she was in the kitchen .
I really do like the flavor profiles here just wished some of the ingredients were a little more thoughtful .
First 2 times they said we had to wait for the staff who actually worked that area to come back from a break ?
This place would 've been more had it not been for the attentionless server we were unfortunate enough to receive .
BUT there 's flies everywhere .
Some potatoes were a little under , but I still say I have never met a potato I do n't like .
I found The Prime Rib on my gps .
I think the dry - rubs are the way to go , because they really showcase the perfectly - crisp crunchiness of the fried chicken .
The papperdelle butternut squash pasta was amazing .
I am pretty new to Khmer food , i ca n't express that this is amazing and the portion is family style .
Heard a lot of mixed reviews of imo 's and was scared , but excited to try it .
Been a long time customer but really feel they 've been slipping lately .
We must have stood there waiting for over 25 minutes ( for two burgers , chili fries , and cheese fries ) .
That said , my absolute favorite is the pomelo / grapefruit .
We did n't get regular fries , but their sweet potato fries were great , too !
We tried this place while we were in town and really liked all the food .
The menu did not say one could purchase an individual piece of chicken .
The combo cake with 2 bland shrimp , 1 eggroll and a few pieces of marinated beef .
My friend got the mile - high cake and wow ! ! !
The bacon on the burger was some frickin amazing bacon .
They have no care , mess up every order , take at least 10mins to answer you in drive thru at slow points in the day .
and then wait for 30 mins .
Everything seem fresh and tasty in that way that actual food tastes unlike the Sysco sourced food we eat about everywhere else .
Ladyfriend had tomatoes as one of her items , and got a nice 4 or 5 good - sized slices and was just about thrilled .
I 'm from Seattle , so I know salmon .
The fries again , lacked seasoning which seemed odd .
I had the seafood jamabalaya and seafood gumbo , also excellent ( probably the best I 've had ) .
Lukewarm , nearly tasteless ( how can Mexican food be tasteless ? ? ? ) and a total waste of my lunch hour .
The cocktails are well - crafted .
My boba tea was not the same .
$ 3.25 for the house special .
Overall one of only place I like to chill at so far inside the MGM Casinos in Reno
I liked the atmosphere and the service was friendly .
Has the cherry Mojito which was the best drink I 've ever had and that 's saying alot .
Lovely lunch ! !
This location is , by far , my favorite .
We had the 3 cheese and pita appetizer .
After we ate some sushi we decided to try some of their other dishes as well .
I had a filet which was cooked perfectly .
It seems the chef here has no concept of seasoning .
All the food is the same in Wawa to me , but it is a pretty big store compared to other ones around the area I 've been to .
I could care less about tablecloths , just a minor observation as a direct result of the website .
A great addition to the Grove .
Chips were light and crispy and the dip was the perfect consistency .
Make a reservation now ..
10 minutes later one waitress come to me and lead to me to the table .
If you 're ever in Chicago , you 'll find the best cannoli at Ferrara 's Original on Taylor Street .
Got the cavatelli , the black & blue salad & the meatballs .
It 's a modern and clean environment .
I was very pleased with everything that I tried and there were plenty of different choices !
Owner has greeted me each time I was there .
Either way it is a great experience !
How has this place survived ? ? ? ?
Absolutely delicious however not 5/5 because of the prices
They were cooked just right , a bit oily , but I 'm sure that can be adjusted next time .
A definite go - to place if you 're in Treasure Island !
This place should not even get 1 star .
The salsa was good , the salad was decent .
However , this is a great place to come for a solid bowl of ramen , especially if it 's cold outside .
I have tried everything from tacos , gorditas , tortas , sopes , and most recently the Posole .
Wikipedia documents , as of June , 2015 , there are 1,746 locations in the USA and Puerto Rico .
The sticky rice came in these cool , little Laotian rice baskets which were used for steaming the rice .
My only complaint : some of the cheese on top of the soup burned at the edges under the broiler .
Other protein choices were ham or tuna .
But it is comical to see a bum passed out in front of an upscale place like this .
This is truly a terrific addition to the restaurant scene in Carmel .
After struggling thru a crowd at the door waiting for tables I had to hunt down someone that worked there .
I 'd park myself here regularly to work if they had wifi & yes that means I would be eating & sipping the whole time .
Definitely an enjoyable experience .
Nothing out of this world , but definitely not bad either .
I absolutely love the wings here !
The number just rang and rang .
I 'm not going to give it a thumbs down and will let you decide for yourself , maybe we just came at a bad time .
Since the place was n't filled with customers we had a pretty easy time finding a table .
Their fresh food and salad section is awesome ..
Extremely friendly with great service .
First off , the food was great .
I had the cannelloni which was n't worth it .
It 's the only thing on the menu I would n't order again , only because everlasting is so much better .
so by now we have leftovers all packed up and money in the check sleeve ready for the waiter to take .
We started off with the Tatar tot fondue , a variety of Burger 's and Shake 's .
The service is friendly and inviting .
One of the best margaritas I 've had ... their margarita mix is house - made and not from a mix !
It seems that the top chef status of the person who conceptualized this place is enough to get its undeserved publicity .
3920 6th St.
I sat there for 45 minutes because they ran out of dough .
Went in for lunch and tried the jerk chicken and curry goat .
The dough god trio was wonderful especially the calabacitas .
I even had a bus boy try to take my food before I was finished .
An there 's a bonus to that as well ... They have a special everyday of 3 Cheesesteaks for $ 13 .
Was happy to see Saturday night was very busy for them , and my takeout was still ready in under 10 minutes ! !
I got the dumplings , which were very delicious and also the " monkey " salmon dish .
The condensed milk they serve on the side makes everything really sweet , so if you do n't like things too sweet , skip the milk .
The service was great and there was only a handful of patrons eating .
I knew I had to pay for extra chees , but dang !
the experience here trumps it all .
The ambience is great and appropriately small .
And then I get inside and order and wait , and wait , and wait another hour before food finally arrives .
Salads were fresh and tasty .
I had turkey meatballs and spaghetti .
This was my first visit ever to a Roly Poly .
These people do n't lie when they say it 's " hot and fresh . "
My kids would n't eat it because they 're super picky .
I love French food ! ! ! !
Luckily it was n't too busy on a Monday night .
As far as buffets go all the major players i.e. : Atlantis , Peppermill , Harrah 's , Eldorado all have good buffets .
My favorite salsas are the red salsa from the Michoacan region of Mexico with its nice garlic kick .
Nothing particularly good or bad about this place .
If you dine in they have complimentary tortilla chips but when I was there it was n't refilled .
The rolls are a bit large relative to the amount of meat but were definitely a better quality than the usual burger place .
Our server was a bit overwhelmed , wanting pretty much minimal service anyway , there were no issues .
Oakley 's Bistro is the restaurant equivalent to a trophy wife -- so beautiful you believe it 's worth every penny .
After an hour and a half with no pizza and no call , I called back to cancel the order .
A few people had a noodle or two to try and their lips , tongues and gums were on fire !
Came in for a bachelorette and he was attentive , funny and helpful on suggesting fun places around the city to check out .
Lots of looking at us and no one coming over .
It amazes me how people will rave about a place , and not notice ( or care ) that they 're being price gouged .
They have you order before you 're seated and then they bring the food to you .
Went here for a drink after dinner at Kuma 's and loved the teki bar !
Do n't come here for the food .
Our favorites are the chicken tikka masala , lamb korma , papdi chaat , and aloo tiki chaat .
For my entrée I had the Mahi Mahi it was a bit plain but overall the dish was good .
Well worth the pit stop .
The bartender said that according to the sous - chef they are going to be changing the menu up a little in a couple of weeks .
Lasagna Bites appetizers were tasty .
So table next to us is complaining and I was fed up but not rude .
Let just say we have been to BJs and have always loved the food .
I definitely do n't live or die by The Bricks but it 's a place I would suggest if you 're ever in Ybor City .
She gave me seven ORDERS , not seven pieces .
No flavor , except extreme saltiness !
The food court area is clean and orderly like the rest of Riverwalk .
Did not have any trouble .
I loved being able to choose as much sour cream and bacon bits ( real ones ! ) as I wanted .
The Korean Fried Chicken was ultimately soggy popcorn chicken , drizzled in salty , chili sauce and sprinkled with sesame seeds .
anyways the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is that the nachos i ordered were not that great .
The buffalo chicken dip is DELISH as are the chicken nachos .
Traveling to LA , we had to stop and have their coffee and beignets !
We make reservations there and it has NEVER failed to please ! !
The breaded ravioli was fresh and delivered as soon as it was fresh off of the deep frier .
She had a several options and that went a long way to my satisfaction .
We 've eaten / drank here about 3 times including the night of the soft opening .
The corn bread was less like a side dish and more like a dessert .
We ordered the crispy chicken snack , the clam soup , and some green bean smoothies and it was just amazing !
After leaving , we had an amazing meal with mind - blowing service at DEVON SEAFOOD .
There are 24 taps downstairs and then they keep the 12 local taps at the upstairs bar .
well , you get the picture .
Happy to have this new location in my Sylvan Park neighborhood !
The matzo balls were a little mushy on the outside but good and good texture in the center .
They did n't have the chili oil at the table .
I just went to F&M today for lunch !
Little bit pricey .
The side choices were French fries , loaded potato salad and gremolata chips .
This is a great restaurant to seat down and just have few drinks and have a delicious meal .
So , obviously , I love this place .
They also have a homemade tartar sauce which was awesome !
a little on the greasy side for me .... but for others , that s what it is all about .
Before our entree , we shared a large garden salad .
The chips were homemade out of flour tortillas and easily the biggest chips I 've ever had in my life .
My friend has been there a number of times and really likes this place .
If I were to describe the shop it world be Garden Princess Tea party and I still do n't think that does it justice .
My twins had the Shrimp and Fries and those were great .
The manager just came over and said they get their ingredients elsewhere .
I only go here if I 'm in a total pinch - crunched for time and desperate for Italian food .
I ordered the salmon omelet and my wife ordered eggs , pancakes and sausage .
However , price aside , this is a nice change from the other chains on city ave .
We start getting irritable at this time we 've been in the restaurant for 2 hours .
The bartender asked if I wanted a drink .
So ... how do i update my review calmly ?
Surprisingly expensive for a working class joint .
I have to say I was disappointed with my entree on this visit .
It would be nice if they had more variety , there was a dew machines that wo n't working that was the downfall .
I went here not expecting much because the other reviews were n't too good .
They also kept telling me that most everything would be " over our budget " .
( Pokémon Go roll is addictive . ) Their beef Korean tacos are delicious and huge .
i do n't have a problem with it since i can only take so much of the spice pain ...
The shop however is a gem they have so much stuff I felt like a kid .
The food came out fast for how many people were there .
My advice : pass on this location unless you have allot of time and can speak Spanish ! ! ! !
I like hot dogs , but I 'm a vegetarian ; which is why I 'm a fan of this place - they have 2 dog options : meat and non - meat .
Unfortunately , the kitchen had just closed .
We ordered too much food !
Yep , mind blown !
Brunch can get very packed during peak hours so you want to get there early on Saturdays and Sundays .
My son had the meatball sub , and he loved it !
Prices are almost too good , but that 's not a complaint .
Another table of 2 came in and shortly after being seated a server came to their table to begin there service .
I asked him about the clump of dough and he said that 's how they make them .
We recently attended a wedding event at The Barn at Hawks Point and the food was catered by this City Barbecue location .
I really like the Kung pao chicken and the lettuce wraps .
Fresh and great tasting !
The sangria was a little strong but flavorful .
For our entrees we split the meatloaf and pork loin , with a side of asparagus .
It looked like there were a ton of options for meatitarians as well .
Definitely recommend this place if you 're in New Orleans .
tasted like yellow chunks of chalk .
There is no menu but you do get to pick between two choices for the two entree courses .
Great service and good times !
Have n't been too impressed with the rest of the menu , but for pizza near Jefferson , I do n't think you can do any better .
It was n't until I got home that I realized that they completely forgot to put the cheeseburger in my daughters happy meal .
We will absolutely be returning and telling all of our foodie friends to check them out !
absolutely my favorite sandwich place !
The food is basically mediocre , and the service terrible .
I eat here a lot and the food is very good .
If it were not for Waiters/ waitresses Bartenders , you would have no where to go . You would have to fix it yourself .
The best thing about them as they are hot and deep fired .
Come on RELISH , you should disclose this as not everyone has the stomach for dark meat ... in the trash it went .
She kindly said that if I went back I should look up her family and get a meal for free !
Went there on 5/18 and the grits were stone cold and the service sub - par .
The hummus was probably one of the best I 've had .
And their cheesecake is to die for -- unlike any restaurant cheesecake , it really tastes homemade .
I felt the chicken was not as tender and a bit dry .
Hot chicken : unlike Lewis ' other hot chicken place , Southern , this place only has one heat level .
This place was a great !
Cute dessert - the chocolate mochi cake was interesting .
Santa and Mrs. Clause even made a brief appearance .
Overall service was good
Totally reasonable prices too .
The portions were huge !
The burrito is so big and tasty you can barely finish it ...
My husband did n't care for the BBQ sauce on the table , but meat was pretty good .
And the management should realize that he 's a reflection of them and their business .
Our normal visit consist of overindulgence on appetizers .
It 's a small place on the outside but has a big dining room
Now the gumbo my fiance had .
For $ 35 before tip , it was extremely disappointing since we drove from South Tampa .
The appetizers were good .
I got there about 930 on saturday morning and had to wait about 15 - 20 mins to get seated .
The seasoning on the chicken is totally bomb !
Went there this morning for brunch .
There was n't really anything special about the jalapeno poppers ; there was no spice to them at all .
I put some ricotta cheese in it ( I did not have sour cream or lemon)and I still could barely eat it .
All were well and fine , a bit dry .
The veggies were vibrant and not too hard , not too soft .
We love the deep dish pizza so much that we decided to stay and try the thin crust .
Good food -- easily passed up if you do n't know to look for it inside Frenchman 's outdoor area .
The faster you turn tables , the more customers you can serve , and the more money you make .
I used the red hot sauce ( in the jar , not bottle ) , so i ca n't review the green one .
This meal was one of the top three meals of my life and I 've eaten at some of the best restaurants in the world .
The caesar salad that my wife and I got was fine , and the filet I ordered was good as well , although small .
Really cute place .
The pictures do n't do them justice .
The guac is fantastic , reminds me a bit of festiva 's though less heat .
* Note * As you would expect , the parking is VERY TIGHT , so leave your big vehicles at home ..
Servers were pleasant and friendly .
Anyway , if you know me , I 'm not a big fan of pho .
If someone would make just " skin fries , " I 'd buy 'em !
The inside has that " we do n't really care about the looks " feel to it .
For a airport hotel restaurant it was pre darned good !
We got six doughnuts , a dozen doughnut holes , and three milks for under ten bucks .
People have complained about their chicken fingers being dry but I have no clue what they 're talking about .
Really interesting the deluxe pho is the same price as all of the others .
The whole 50 % off ?
It had onions no peppers
I was excited to see an indian delivery place close to my new apartment .
They mix the noodle right at the table , so it comes out so quickly .
all these 5 star reviews are pretty damn accurate .
The pho is very good .
I tried the sauteed shrimp tacos , and they were okay .
The dressing was creamy without being cloying and it had a nice garlic zip to it .
The atmosphere is super hipster , but there were all kinds of folks dining while we were there .
We 've been only a few times in the last year because my husband is n't a fan , but I enjoy it .
We had a great time , and even more , a great meal .
The service was fine , and the food was at our table in no time .
which is a great thing , that one restaurant can make you feel like you are in a totally different place :)
We considered moving to their nice outdoor dining area but it 's 85 and humid so we stayed put .
The miso was good though .
All of my favorite things in one dish : beef , potatoes and mushrooms .
I am personally not a fan of ranch but I guess this is the only option for salad dressing .
I ordered the steak bowl with some flour tortillas , the meal was okay .
My husband and are new to Dtown and love Thai food .
The deep dish was good , yet cold .
needless to say , this is the first time i 've been unable to substitute .
Hot dogs are nothing special but I 've eaten them a few times when they were my only option and they never made me sick .
Best guac ever ! ! !
When I saw the Guacamole Bacon burger on the menu , I knew I 'd end up ordering it !
I 've always loved the space ... good mixture of comfy couches and real seating where people can sit and work on laptops .
This is the way we make it .
Ambience was cool and different , but everything else gets a thumbs down .
Huge portion and really delicious .
The only other complaint I have is this place really needs to be dusted !
The ladies at the location went even as further in helping me with opening a bench umbrella to shade me from the sun .
I also ordered a spring roll , it was about the size of an egg roll .
David was training another server that night so we had double the service !
The portions were perfect , and we left very full without dessert .
The portions are relatively small , I completely understand that they will bring you as much as you need .
My favorite brunch spot in Nashville .
I gave two stars not one because my mom thought the pizza was still tasty .
This is the first time I tried the famous bengiets at this location and I loved it !
Fabulous find .
I 'm not sure of the cost of valet but self was $ 29 with in and out privileges .
We were going to a show at BRT so we look up a bar in Bristol Pa.
The corporate chefs got so many things wrong : Skordalia is a classic Greek dip made out of potatoes and garlic ( not bread ) .
The music is tranquil and the lady is super friendly .
I know , I know bloody mary requests at a Cantina ?
Great location .
Sandwhich was fine ( though are n't paninis normally pressed ? ) .
We got the section that did not .
The server visited out table 3 times during our entire visit .
Kind of cool to see him in the restaurant .
The inside is very nice .
The broccoli was delicious though but everything else was disappointing .
The cheese dip was good but not great .
The food was good , had the cornbread waffles and they were amazing .
I 'm definitely a fan of Kobe !
I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 because nothing was horrible .
Their mixed drinks did n't skimp on the alcohol either .
The accompanying sweet potato waffle fries were delicious as always .
Just wanted to give a shot - out to one of my favorite restaurants !
Even with removing the crust , the underlying meat was salty .
Jaime was our bartender and she rocks a busy bar ! ! ! !
So I avoid this place like the plague .
Place was clean and they ha a dog bowl with water and treats .
It is a little pricey but worth it for a nice evening out .
the best part was that they even had a great selection of food for my picky son !
I 've come here for drinks before , but tonight I decided to order dinner , and I was n't disappointed !
I usually order via app and when my pizza tracker says " Jeff " is preparing your order then I know I 'll have a great dinner .
We ordered the kids pasta with white sauce and that seemed pretty good he ate it all .
The men 's room was good , no complaint there .
It was packed and seemed like the place to be for locals .
Debated between a 3 and a 4 but the good pushed it up .
you want the stuff , I 'll ship it to you .
Since it was my first venture I 'll say its worth a try , but buyer beware they 're super heavy for being small balls of dough .
There 's an open face pesto chicken sandwich that is simply divine .
Their pastas are sooooooooo good .
It 's also a really cute , warm atmosphere .
Great spot to go for a date , but it is rather cramped inside at times .
The atmosphere is very interesting and unique , first of all .
If you come during lunch time , it 's insanely busy .
I took most of the batter off the shrimp and they were fairly small .
Loved the selection of specialty drinks , and the island decor .
Lobster Alfredo was a little disappointing - good lobster but weak Alfredo .
We ordered a salad to share , We had a beer and two entrees .
There 's just a lot of restaurant choices so I do n't eat here often .
I used to love their hawaiian burger and mushroom burger .
This place is very crowded .
The frosting was a bit lemony which really brightened the flavor up .
I ca n't wait to go back and can not express enough much amazing this meal was .
Their food is obviously homemade and healthy .
I have n't been as livid as I was leaving this fiasco of a restaurant in a long while .
The beer was ice cold and the staff was so nice .
The pretzels were soft and the beer cheese paired nicely .
odd ) lettuce with a few dried cherries and huge hunks of sauteed apples .
The apples added a nice crunch and sweetness .
Once I got my food I figured , " yep ...
The food is just ok , the service sort of depends on your luck - sometimes good sometimes not so good .
Do yourself a favor and choose about place ... you'll be much happier .
Some of the best places are in the most unassuming locations .
But you 're in New Orleans , and these boats are a big part of the history and you should experience it to the fullest .
I am a poblano and mushroom lover and the oaxaca cheese melts into the eggs and veggies in the most wonderful way .
you do realize it 's a pizza joint right ?
Very helpful , on top of everything and always smiling .
You ca n't really go wrong with short ribs .
Took my son & bunch of his friends here .
We tried each kind and thought they were both good .
For the meat lovers out there you ca n't go wrong with a chorizo taco and for the seafood junkies the fish tacos are amazing !
Hasan made sure my husband not only enjoys the Lassi but also catered his sore throat with a medicinal combination .
The worse part is getting stuck in the drive through just to find out the machine is broken again .
Donuts are really fine too .
The owner is awesome and very hands on .
Went there because it was featured on one of those TV food shows .
We had pad Thai and beef Szechuan and both were subpar .
The beef was thin , tough slices wrapped around way too many green onions , drenched in a gloppy , tasteless , thick sauce .
Lousy coffee , though .
So , there you go - others might not love it so much , I just do n't know .
We usually sit at the habachi tables although their dining room menu is just as good .
It 's also a great idea to order a few different things and share them to try things out .
Aside from the burgers ( which is good in it of itself ) , the thing to get is its different varieties of smoked fish .
How can you be out of plain bagels and it 's not even 10:30 am ? !
I got the egg white frittata which was super average .
$ 15 for a drink and another $ 2.50 for a single cube of ice ? ? ! !
It is unique , somewhere between the Steve 's ( whole flat slice ) and Jim 's ( chopped to death ) presentation .
We love Pieology .... we'll just hold off , until we travel further south for another visit .
i kept it simple , asked for an iced tea , but they did give me hot tea w / a cup of ice .
We walked out after waiting half an hour for any food to appear .
We also ordered the wings without the sauce and they were fried and seasoned perfectly .
Waited for over 15 min for an açaí bowl ..
I was starting to get full though so I did n't really eat much of my salad .
I ca n't wait to try the pho in future visits .
Amant La monthly for this wonderful Seafood
The owners are real nice and friendly .
The half dozen oysters tasted beautifully fresh and the staff were gracious in my requests for salt and pepper and hella limes .
I preface this by saying I came in at 9:30pm which is 30 min before the place closed .
Wonderful dinner - if this was in my neighborhood it would be our go - to .
We loved our chicken , greens , and banana pudding for dessert .
This the perfect mix of sweet and spicy .
For entrees we had the oxtail ravioli and fettuccine bolognese .
It was a nice wall from the Doubletree and well worth it .
The wait for the food was fast and took about 5 minutes .
We have been going there for over 3 years .
He explained that they make all their food is made by hand and they use fresh ingredients .
The staff are the cutest , friendliest people you 'll ever meet .
these dougnuts are worth every second it takes to get them and every penny they cost .
dinner was less fantastic than brunch , i hope it 's just a fluke , ill give it another try next time i m in town ...
Do n't judge by the storefront
We used the party room for a bridal shower .
I ordered breakfast quesadilla and home fries .
The food is fresh and there 's a big variety .
Cute little place .
The table was not cleared and cleaned promptly , the food was n't served politely or properly .
Rooms were nice and the hotel is in a good location .
I find the sauce too jarred tasting .
Now , I always tip people , and I was def .
I have never felt so disrespected at a fast food joint .
The atmosphere inside is non existent .
The owners are fantastic and very friendly .
Whipped feta , like other reviews have said , was amazing , and the Braised Lamb was really good .
This was very tender , salty and good- the others were not as fancy but very tasty .
My personal favorite is the hungry Greek .
Worth the trip absolutely .
My favorite to order at any Chinese restaurant is General Tso 's .
Cecilia is a lovely , intimate space with excellent food and great service .
Also had the eggplant lasagna and greens ; very good and super filling !
They take one order at a time and then b.s .
If it 's part of the traditional meal then no harm , no foul .
Ordered the Veg sandwich from here and pasta salad , and they were decent .
Good job .
Parking is always a b * * * * * downtown so always good to know about deals in the area .
The reason I did n't give The Fountain a 5 star rating was my dessert .
The elote ( corn ) is quite good , as was the cucumber ( ? ) salad .
I highly recommend getting there prior to 7 pm especially on Friday .
As if the buffet spread was n't enough , they also have an a la carte menu with small dishes .
The hamburger was okay , my husband said there was n't really anything special or made this one stand out .
Nice remodeling job but They changed the steak seasoning and the fattoush salad dressing ... not a good idea .
A nice neighborhood place .
With that said my family and I decide to try this place for take out since it was brand new .
The best Mexican in the city , hands down .
I ate the whole thing without losing a drop !
The vibe of the restaurant was a smooth , jazzy feel .
The sides are huge and worth sharing
Ice cream was average nothing special .
And I liked the grilled broccoli .
Oh yeah , and the food is amazing !
It is a small place and very popular so be ready to wait .
The calzone was the best calzone I 've tasted in a long time .
They are only open for breakfast and lunch , but do serve the whole menue the entire time .
There were a few items that seemed saturated in grease , or just poorly cooked , but that 's a staple of all Golden Corrals .
The balcony upstairs offers nice views of City Park .
I got this eggplant dish from the belt and it was so good !
We ca n't wait to return for their Sunday brunch !
The big turnoff was that the artichoke dip is awful and the toastpoints for dipping were stale not crunchy or crisp or fresh .
The owner , Lazo , is always at the shop overseeing business and it reflects in the service .
The atmosphere is perfect - cozy , dim lighting , and relaxed .
I got my Coke refilled ONCE and that 's only because Mary pulled a staff member aside to ask her for it .
Empty glasses / butter dishes left on the table throughout the meal .
True NY style pizza .
The area is gorgeous and awesome decor .
At 5:40 we asked where things stood after he sat two other couples and he had clearly forgot about us .
This is THE PLACE for all your fresh seafood as well as dining in !
No appetizers on the lunch menu , only choices were noodles , fried rice or curry .
This has to be in your top five places to go in NOLA ! ! ! !
I 'll update on the service and food .
I felt at ease with the cleanliness of the restaurant .
I visited with my mother and sister and we all got omelettes , different ones .
Absolutely the best Mexican food in Port Richey !
My salmon was dry ...
The mashed taters were creamy with a slight hint of garlic .
A friend and I had bought a coupon book in support of the local high schools baseball team- one coupon being burger up .
my favorite :) and their guacamole is awesome !
It would also be awesome if they made french macarons .
Now you can find Passero 's on the concourse at Suburban Station and in the Wanamaker Building .
This is simply great Japanese restaurant .
I loved the roasted corn and poblano brûlée .
So signs of improvement I must say .. keep at it ! ! !
I live in the area and am thrilled ot have live music 5 nights / week .
I 've yet to ( m)eat a sandwich here that i did n't like .
On second thought , I do n't want to have to buy a new wardrobe .
This is the first time I been here and this place is packed with varies of food .
You can absolutely taste the difference .
Smoke from the hall way made it in .
We happened to be visiting during happy hour so all beers were $ 2 off .
The manager or maybe it was the owner made it a point to go by every table to check on the guest .
I ordered the tutto mare and was disappointed .
The only thing good was the lemonade .
Their specialty , and they 're not shy to tell you , is the Cyprus Breakfast .
We have now been 2 times in the same week .
The pad thai was a bit sweet for us , so I think we 'd try a different noodle dish when we return .
You can also explore the upstairs , including the Séance Lounge and the balcony .
The food is always good and the delievery is so quick !
Not real impressed with the new menu no more flatbread pizzas .
I tried each flavor ; the caramel banana was the best .
While the quality and atmosphere may have been wonderful the service was an absolute disappointment .
Thanks for reading my rant be cautious of what you order ....
- cuts of beef are thicker and more tender than your average pho
The food there is good .
The website has n't been updated in I do n't know how long .
Great view on the upper level deck .
It included jalapeno but it was understated and the heat did n't really factor that much .
Your fries are superb .
My family and I have been ordering from here for awhile .
Make sure you get a free parking pass to put on the dash of your car as well .
The Krystal 's fast food breakfast was 100 % better than this .
He asked me if I ordered 2 squagels , and I said yeah that 's what the online receipt you are showing me says .
Best shakes this side of the bay !
Upon visitng Philadelphia , my boyfriend and I decided to wander around Chinatown .
we leave the restuarant and i resume smoking .
The food is not rushed and it 's delectable taste gave me a memory I will never forget .
Quite frankly , I 'm not sure why local people & others crave Pancake Pantry .
The buffet rice was on the dry side but for $ 7.99 , I 'm not complaining too much .
I visited the Gaylord Opryland hotel / resort / conglomerate a few weeks ago when I was visiting Nashville with my boyfriend .
And WATCH while crossing that intersection .
We expected a more formal restaurant , but that was perhaps our lack of planning / research .
I do n't like the service and the atmospheres in the restaurant .
But hey , it 's an Italian shop , did n't expect them to make great French pastry anyways .
Our fantastic server Kathy spoke great English and was wonderful at suggesting and explaining .
Overpriced mediocrity .
The tv 's are great and the atmosphere is nice .
My wife ordered the prawn and scallop special .
I went at noon .
I 'm adding an extra star now because our waiter was kind enough to move our table outside so my bf and I could eat outside .
We started with the sweet potato dish and the bacon wrapped dates , both of which blew us away .
I LOVED my dinner , it comes in a delicious cream sauce .
I do n't even know if they HAVE sides their meats are so good .
I went to try out the brunch ( who can do a bad brunch , right ? ) .
Me and my family come here a lot .
I understand from the reviews the noise level is an issue .
Also had sides of the cauliflower rissoto which was delicious and the baked artichokes which was okay .
I brought my cousin here on Christmas night .
Of the many times I 've been to Broad Ripple , I ca n't believe I have never been to Broad Ripple Brewpub .
Terribly slow service , as in over 30 minutes in a short line .
We had the shiitake , lemon and cauliflower pizza as an appetizer and it had good flavor as well .
This became our " go to " breakfast place .
The food is super fresh and well thought out .
Came in , cool music live outside .
ALso , i 'm not sure how their system is setup because all 3 tacos came out on one tray .
I will not recommended this place to anyone .
Cons - champagne raspberry cake was not good ... at all .
No wait and place only half full .
And I saw the review that said their burger here was burned .
We lasted about 2 hours before we made a pit stop for another slice while on the road .
This was typical of the excellent service .
All were good , the chicken tikka was probably the one in there that I raise the most questions about .
The broth is delicious and you can tell the meat is a little higher quality than what a lot of pho places use .
Awesome stuff .
Now for the bad part .
Only downside is cash only .
Had the ahi poke and spicy chicken ramen .
A good place to order from when its late and you have the muchies ...
I 'm pretty sure I never ate real food .
I do n't know how the staff does it .
I ended up getting the Cap'n Crunch tilapia burrito and it was delicious .
The one thing that did bother me was I was overcharged for 2 different items .
We also tried their brunch on Easter Sunday and man , that bananas foster french toast was awesome !
One last thing I would like to say , is the owner is such a nice guy and really cares for his craft .
The ravioli , spaghetti with meat sauce - even the meatball was devoid of flavor .
Great place to take the family .
The quesadilla a la Diablo is a must try with rice .
One time I pronounced Chardonnay with a hard " ch " and no one even blinked an eye , so do n't be shy order what you want !
We love this place and they never disappoint .
I was impressed with the scallops and the shrimp and quality of the filet .
The band played two sets both great .
After perusing their menu for vegetarian goodies I decided to come here when I saw on their menu a Garden Sloppy Joe .
Food was amazing , definitely reminded me of mother 's cooking , although I 'm not Cambodian hahaha .
This was my second visit , the first was really good .
His gumbo and étouffée are not overly heavy , as many are , and his bread pudding was simply outstanding and delicious .
Example , after breakfast we asked for a heated cinnamon roll and it sat so long it got cold again lol .
Our server was wonderful and the food arrived on time .
Altogether , the kind of restaurant that makes a city a great place to live .
The place was packed but we had a reservation so no worries .
The staff is extremely helpful and the food is great too !
All in all , go for the food , not for the service .
Service was good - staff very friendly .
Nashville humidity = damp , hot , over - crowded patio and LOTS of flies squirming around your food .
But seriously , do n't get the salmon there unless you want to pay $ 15 for 5 bites .
I got the chocolate cake thing .
The waiters are very helpful and quick to collect the dishes from the table and bring water / drinks .
They put plain mayonnaise on one roll that they called " special sauce " ...
He started with the soup sampler and it was really fantastic .
First time here recommended by my brother and talk about breakfast feast ! ! ! ! !
First off the display is beautifully done and the atmosphere is quite cozy and nice .
It was a sad looking half sandwich for $ 9 .
I had the brisket tacos , baked beans and mac n cheese .
Darn shame too as I really did like this place , but I must admit that I still am not confident they have their act in order .
I ca n't get over the menu ..
I had sesame chicken and it was almost the best I 've ever had .
We thought maybe we had been there on a bad night or perhaps there was a new chef .
I did enjoy the dragon roll from here but that s about it .
I found Carrabbas on yelp .
We walked into the tiny restaurant portion , and it wreaked of cigarette smoke .
Try the parking across the street ( 12th ) , only $ 8 per 10 hour span on the weekends .
People were friendly and everything was clean .
Yummy , cheesy , meaty tacos , and they 're CHEAP !
Did you know canned goods here are often cheaper than in chain grocery stores in Edmonton ?
True gem .
so in the end it comes down to average food , good drinks , but leaving unsatisfied
My Tomahawk Ribeye was perfectly prepared and everyone 's dinners were great .
A nice grab and go type of operation , and free parking at the end if the block !
Mashed potatoes were ok , nothing amazing but liked the skins included and not a lot of butter .
Literally the BEST I have ever had and this is my favorite soup so I have tried it everywhere .
The fried cheese curds were on point .
The place is small yet perfectly laid out and situated downtown .
To us we were lucky to get a word in other than to add to our order .
I dined here for the first time and I was impressed with the food .
I did like the ingredients and the sauce was good .
For lunch , had the tri - tip sandwich .
The best I 've had North of Dade county .
I wish they stayed open later in the day though .
It 's divey , but good diners often are .
One time I went , and the guy who normally takes my order was n't there ...
We were going to order anyhow , but then we found out it was going to be 45 minutes to an hour for TAKEOUT .
My husband and I stopped here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon around 2 - ish .
Boyfriend and I shared some pulled pork nachos and they were bangin ' !
We had approximately 90 guests .
The only knock I have on the service was the wine recommendation .
My husband had pasta with a white sauce which I swear he hummed with delight thru every bite .
We went for restaurant week and by far this has been my best restaurant week experience ever .
Very beautiful and great service .
I ordered it about 5 days in advanced .
I knew that whenever I got the chance to head over to NOLA I would have to make a pit stop here .
spokesman and they would win the tv war and better explain their purpose .
The pizza was excellent , the beer cold and wine just right .
Rotisserie Chicken is so easy to over cook and become dry but they bribe their chicken and it comes out moist EVERYTIME !
To avoid picking at my husband 's dinner , I ordered another roll ( and another Saki ! ) .
We ordered satay kai , and po pia sod to start , along with Thai iced coffee .
In fact , I had to wait 10 minutes for them to cool down before I could eat them .
It also feels far less touristy .
I sat at the bar , which had alot of individuals dining at with constant distractions .
I got the chicken sandwich and it was SO GOOD .
My favorite place for Mexican food in Indianapolis !
If you 're a pork lover , this is a must have .
Since the idea here is semi - a - la - carte we ordered a couple of sides , the Mexican Street Corn and plantains .
After at least 20 - 25 mins , we walked out .
My best friend had the chicken and waffles that she devoured .
-Tocino con Pina- crispy pork belly with pineapple sauce .
Our server was very polite and attending , a very likable young man .
Had the oyster Benedict and the seafood Benedict .
PDQ has delicious chicken fingers and the hand cut fries are awesome .
The pulled pork BBQ is amazing .
Our server was friendly and informative with the standard " it takes 45 mins for a deep dish pizza " warning .
I tried originally ordering the jumbo crab meat salad but I was told that they did n't have any jumbo crab .
food was delicious and the price was just right !
This is one of the better Indian restaurants I 've been to recently .
Came here with a larger group of people for dinner and the service was good and the food fairly tasty .
The staff is friendly and incredibly helpful .
I have not been back here for dinner since he left , so I was really anxious to see if the other servers had stepped it up .
she brought out my medium well steak that was cooked all the way thru .
My husband ordered the ribeye .
Another great taco place near USF !
There was plenty of food and the rice beer was good .
The decor is nice and for a second you feel like you are in a cozy hipster chicken shack in the south .
I 've had lunch here several times and never had a bad choice .
Better than places in bucks county and Philadelphia center city .
Let me be the first to begin with the statement I would be incredibly surprised that Yoichi 's is not on Michelin 's radar .
I think this diminished the whole " stuffed " aspect of the mushrooms as there did n't seem to be much stuffing in evidence .
The oxtail stew and potato salad I got was wonderful , so is the fried fish sandwich .
One more thing : The Spanish granacha ( ca n't remember the label ) was excellent for just $ 6 and a nice pour .
Love the food and decor but this place is incredibly loud !
Sampler plate was fantastic .
Both were up to the usual standard - good stuff .
They also have a very large selection of frozen pasta and pre made pasta dishes to take home for a quick dinner .
Well ... this one of those times , so it might have skewed my verdict .
Best spot for Sandwiches hands down .
They actually have a loco moco !
Steak and ribs were great .
That was little consolation , however , to the underwhelming experience had here .
Such as mushrooms , lettuce , tomato , pickles and more .
Just had my first Panera delivery experience and it was great !
We came with a coupon and found it could only be used on some items .
I had a very enjoyable experience at London Grill .
She almost permanently lost our business had it not been for the kind service of the waitress .
He ordered the ranch chicken sandwich and he loved it .
And the staff and service were great too !
The cafe au lait is good , the beignets are awesome , what more can you ask for ?
The chicken taste a bit bland but over a nice size lunch .
The grilled fish is one of our favorites !
A friend of mine that is a bubble tea aficionado says it 's the best she 's had .
I only stayed though the first round , but the questions were decent .
Still do n't like their prices .
We go there once every few months , and it 's curious to see a different guy waiting tables there every time .
But the presentation was lovely .
Do n't know what it is but If my tummy 's feeling icky , I can count on Chipotle 's stake to fix me up .
This unassuming , tucked away , modest little shop is exactly what you want it to be and more than you would ever expect .
For appetizers , we got the Mexican street corn and the cauliflower .
We also got the shrimp and leek dumplings and the cabbage and pork dumplings which were all homemade including the wrappers .
The staff here is also amazing .
The mozzarella cheese was barely even melted .
That employee took what should have been a 4 star experience and made it a 2 star experience .
I certainly would n't steer anyone away from this place based on the food .
We watched a soccer game with a fantastic crowd and stayed to watch baseball after .
I 've been probably 10 times and it was always a good experience .
We ordered vegetarian - a super yummy paneer tikka masala and another very good dish - I think it was the alu gobi .
Some of the food was cold , they did n't have any of the sides I wanted , there were flies everywhere while eating .
It even came with some breaded hot peppers , which also tasted great .
The jambalaya was really flavorful with just the right amount of heat , but very short on andouille and chicken .
The atmosphere is really casual and the staff is friendly .
The samosas are popular and pretty tasty , even though samosas tend to be a bit heavy for my tastes .
I ordered the tenderloin because I miss the good midwestern tenderloin sandwiches .
Their Char platters come with some of the best and juciest grilled chicken I 've ever had .
The cornbread is on the sweeter side , and had a good flavor - albeit dry .
Still hungry , we got the ceviche .
I had a crunch roll , a California , and two hand rolls .
We decided to try Caruso 's because they have a sign that says pizza pie .
Plus for the second time in a row the service was horrendous .
Thanks Pacific Health Foods , you have a good thing going !
So delicious , the sweet plantains and guava and melty cheese - how have I not heard of these before ?
I call and am greeted by a young woman who informed me that I had two people waiting before me and asked me to hold .
It was n't what he had expected and not really worth the extra dollars for the flavors .
Two of my friends went to Surrey 's TWICE in a four - day trip just for the shrimp and grits .
It 's not too bad , the service ok , the place is clean !
Included was three pieces of celery and ranch dressing .
First of all ... I was presented with a ginormous bowl of yummies !
Definitely an authentic experience .
For example , during our dinner the manager brought over a brisket sample because we mentioned it sounded good .
I did n't like how the backroom chefs could be so stingy though .
The garlic overpowered the rest of the flavosr as i kept munching on it .
I like the other Cafe Beignet location better but I have to give props for this location being open until 10 pm .
They have many non - sushi items to pick from as well .
ItZ kind of an easy drink ...
The flatbread was to die for , the chicken was tender and juicy and the girls live the pancakes and sides ( we live the bacon ! ) .
One of the worst service experience .
They use real fruit here .
Quaint , cozy little sushi spot hidden in a corner of Montecito .
Our windows faced one of the courtyards and there is music pumping there 24 hours a day .
Went there for lunch today .
I would never recommend this place to anyone even if they were starving !
They have souvenir stuff inside that you can pick up , including a premix that you can buy to make some yourself at home .
After ordering a flight of their beers , again it was a long wait .
The music they were playing was R&B which made it hip and fun to listen to while eating .
Their crepes are the best crepes I have ever had .
I come to town once every 4 months and always make sure to stop by here at least once a visit .
tempah patty was delicious - warm and crispy .
WHat the hell is that answer supposed to be ? ? ? ! ! ! !
great service and fair price .
You would not go to Burger King and throw a tantrum because they did not have a Delmonico steak .
It was mostly bones ( large and small ) and fat sadly , though the flavor was decent .
My wife had the volcano roll and was n't disappointed !
I salute you milk tooth you make indy a better place .
Now mind ya , my bf put off going to BlackFinn since they day they opened and I 've been on him to go here .
The place was too bright for a good date night spot and the decorations ( including the placemats ) were hokey .
For a change I tried India Cafe , which was conveniently located for us .
This is an central and South American inspired place .
Overall , the donuts are great and whatever batter they use for the actual donut is really tasty .
I 'm pretty wealthy actually but this stuff is so annoying .
My sister ordered two eggs with homefries and toast which she enjoyed and finished the whole plate .
Staff was friendly .
I walked in saying oh , Burger Up is Nashville 's version of X restaurant , I ate my words .
It 's been a while since I 've visited a BJs and coming back it did not disappoint from what I remembered .
The only thing was the egg roll was not what I prefer .
Came with 3 different potatoes - 1 mashed - YUM .
The people who make the food are so nice and they know what they 're doing and they make excellent food .
I was unable to eat the dish and sent it back .
It was pretty flat , cripsy and full of that nutty goodness that you make baklava .
I 've been here twice within the past two weeks ...
Will give it another shot since it 's within walking distance although not overly enthusiastic about this spot .
A girl I was with got her steak that was suppose to be cooked RARE anti was medium well .
Our server introduced herself to us and I placed my order for my regular drink of choice - Tito 's with a splash of tonic .
And this one 's as good as any .
I used to be in the line in front of the restaurant sometime for over half an hour .
She really knows the menu and seems to really want you to enjoy your meal .
The seasoned fries and very salty .
happy hour ! ! ! !
I ca n't say enough great things about this establishment .
The vibe is totally different as this is geared more to take out although they do have a decent size dining area .
One bite and we were hooked .
I must say that this casino has it 's pro 's and con 's .
- The drinks are from a can , with no free refills .
Very good lasagna and chicken parm .
By far one of my favorite places in media .
My only criticism is that they do n't offer a bar menu .
It was the 2nd time this weekend we noticed they turned away diners , then started accepting diners again .
I really wanted crawfish and based on the reviews , we tried this place out .
Really great atmosphere .
The seven courses are amazing , although i prefer the chicken over the honey lamb .
I did not find this place small nor cramped but quite quaint and cozy with exceptional quality .
The enchiladas could n't be be made vegetarian because they were " rolled in the morning . "
Heard the burger was the best in the city .
Greasiest bacon I 've seen in quite some time .
I ordered the Buffalo chicken salad with romaine letteus and blue cheese dressing .
No reason for an order to be this wrong when it 's not busy in there and it takes 15 minutes to make .
We are definitely planning on going back for dinner !
I think I paid $ 12 for chicken , which seems like a lot at a pub , especially considering there was n't else .
Could it possibly be that this is solely a marketing campaign and not a celebration of the world 's fourth greatest sandwich ?
I 've had everything off of this menu and it 's all delicious .
and this is why you never judge a book by its cover .
You got ta know when you come here you 're not getting 400 Beach quality food but it 's not half bad .
The sauce tasted like it was from a can like school lunch .
We had an awesome time inside the Hard Rock Cafe for a private event !
Decor and atmosphere was excellent .
The service is timely and inviting .
Yelp led us astray this time .
The atmosphere here is great and the food is well worth the stop .
I had even mentioned I was thinking about food .
Their service was fast and friendly !
Had to give one star or else could n't post , it deserves no star !
We also ordered the apple strudel w / ice cream , yummy !
I do n't think I would come for a dinner , but I liked it as a lunch place or a bar possibly .
It was the perfect end to a perfect meal .
Unfortunately I think our search must continue .
Seasons also sells boba drinks and for this reason , it is a local high school hangout .
The crab artichoke dish was hot , bubbling and delicious .
Super nice atmosphere I will definitely come back :) Thanks David :)
Avoid this place at all costs .
I got the bacon cheeseburger with no bun , which was made from high quality sirloin .
We came here for lunch with a coupon .
When she brought out the food which was steak Nd a lobster tail ..
I did n't try their pizzas ( yet ) , and I did n't leave raving about the place .
We have just had too many experiences where we spent way too long waiting .
Food was equally excellent .
Went here after another restaurant in the area did n't serve us in a timely matter .
There 's a nice bun to contents ratio , and for bonus points it 's a potato bun .
Otherwise it was good and we ca nt wait to try the pizettes and dinner .
The service is also very spotty .
The quality of the food , the service , and the atmosphere to me was well worth the price .
I had the chipotle black bean burger with avocado and a fried egg with a side salad .
Very nice place for dinner !
Came here after a concert late night , waiter was very attentive and received the same service as if it was middle of the day .
My nephew could n't believe it was n't really chicken and even asked again what it was made of .
Everyone agreed that the Brussel sprouts were in the top 3 , the curry on them made them spicy , but not overpowering .
Ribs were also super moist , and very flavorful .
those ingredients are kind of exciting on their own but what set that dish apart was the freaking oil - based dressing .
So to list oysters at market price and to not inform the guests that they are west coast oysters seems disingenuous .
AWESOME experience at this funky joint .
Your reviews led me to this spot .
When I tell you that the Sandwiches are the size of your arm , I am not joking .
The service was slow and the place was crowded and just not as nice as other restaurants in the area .
The bread at this place is so good .
Slow cooked , juicy , succulent , a little fatty but I like it that way .
The gelato looks and tastes very close to the real deal in Italy .
You really ca n't go wrong with this place .
The sticky chicken wings are a must !
But overall the food is very good .
i always get the buffalo pizza here , i ve tried buffalo chicken pizza at alot of other places , and this is the only one i like .
And he 's tiny drink was $ 6.95 !
I ordered the red sangria which was delish as usual !
I got it extra spicy ... Indian spicy and it was n't over the top .
They have a pastry chef on staff so the desserts look and are amazing !
Tried a 1/2 price Sasarac for the hell of it .
The flavors worked so well together and the gator sausage was delicious .
Props goes out to Brandy who always does a great job behind the bar .
My only friend who was extremely happy with her meal ordered the West Coast burger .
Atmosphere is minimalist romantic .
Believe me , it 's still wayyyyy better than the ity - bity Starbucks in Eagle .
I highly recommend you going in and he will totally take care !
Everything on the plate tastes good and it all goes together perfectly .
What impressed me even more was the customer service .
We had the fish tacos and the seafood dish and both were phenomenal .
Another thing was their price , seemed a slight bit steep on some of the items in the menu .
Once we had our waters and coffee the table was nearly full and very shakey .
The chicken was very flavorful but again it was a very small amount of chicken for $ 21.00 .
They also had a huge array of smoothies , a juice cleanse and breakfast options ! ! !
Most definitely the creamiest mashed potatoes I ever tasted .
The first thing you notice when you walk in is the artsy interior and posters for local events .
Every item on the menu we tried was delicious and it 's healthy besides .
The brisket , while not petrified , was still dry and chewy .
The crabmeat omelet was delicious and the home made fries were perfect .
The roasted russet potatoes were to die for - perfectly prepared with a soft inside and nice crispy skin .
I 'm picky when it comes to pizza , and Brixx is a win every time !
Too many chances and too many failures .
Do I find myself in the wrong place at the wrong time ?
I had shrimps , dungeonese crab , mussles and oysters and corn .
These people obviously do n't care , because they have swarms of tourists visiting every weekend .
Eggs looked and tasted like they had been held for a while after being cooked , not at all fresh .
With work , we ordered up several appetizers to share , including the calamari and mac and cheese .
I could n't eat the fries due to the amount of salt on them .
Awesome place ! !
But after a few trips , I 've sadly come to realize that I do n't love their donuts .
Had the cuban sandwich and the chocolate and coconut dessert - FANTASTIC ! ! ! ! !
The jerk chicken was very well seasoned and had the appropriate amount of heat to it .
If we only have one slice leftover , watch out ..
The coffee tasted great though !
food was tasty and homemade .
The main positive of the menus is that there are a lot of healthy options .
This was more like a dozen for each different type of meat .
Peruvian dishes are something else - delightfully different .
Slightly on the pricey side , but totally worth the treat .
Love that that they are open late ( until midnight ) on the weekends .
Based on the price along I would not return , but the listless bagel was pretty bad too .
The menu is so different than most places but one - of - a - kind !
I went the first time with my friends and had no idea what to do .
Came here for lunch with a co - worker , our waitress was wonderful , and the food was great !
Do n't get me started on the Tuesday night wing night rules ....................
The quinoa fritters are our fav and the happy hour is awesome !
The Good : The variety of french fries is amazing .
They play the same songs just in a different order pretty much every day at the tiki bar .
I ordered a Po - Boy with sautéed shrimp , bacon , and jalapeño .
Queen 's ' We are the Champions ' just did n't fit .
The potatoes that came with had some sweet potatoes mixed in to just make you smile .
Although they have an attractive price of $ 21 for buffet but it 's a rip off !
So jumped on yelp and came across this little place with great reviews .
Would n't drive out of my way to go here , but if we are in the neighborhood and feel like some pizza , we may go back .
The food here is very delicious and the service was great .
meatball tasted more like sausage than beef ( I prefer beef ) , but still good .
We had great food and wonderful service .
I did n't want an extra large order so again I ask if he would change it and he just shrugged his shoulders and left .
As someone who lived in Japan for four years and studied the language and culture for eleven I was underwhelmed by izumi .
Cashier was very rude fat Hispanic girl at the airport location .
So , Sunday comes , and the bill was waiting for us when we woke up .
The guacamole appetizer was fresh and yummy .
Way to far exceed my expectations , Well done !
Very nice place !
The carne asada meat was flavorful but the lengua ( beef tongue ) had an iron / gamey taste unlike most other Mexican places .
The Italian Beef sandwich just like Tony 's Italian beefy 's in Chicago .
It 's my regular place to stop on my way to work .
Very knowledgeable and great recommendations !
I came here with my friend on his 33rd Birthday on 12/16/16 .
There is a great atmosphere ( we listened to an amazing violinist who plays there regularly ) .
Definitely go with the white sauce pizza .
Just came back from our first visit to Mizu Sushi Bar .
In my opinion , fresh is always better and when it comes to fish , fresh should be the only option ! ! !
I came here with my family today with total of 5 people .
We eat here almost weekly and have never had a negative experiance .
Oysters were deLISH !
We 've had the golden enchiladas , fajitas , shrimp quesadillas , burrito boom .
It 's close to south street but far enough that it seems to deflect most of the craziness and for this reason it 's a hidden gem .
The service was awesome though .
from scratch and they treat you like family ! !
The atmosphere : Friendly !
Amazing food , ambiance , service , wine and cocktails ! !
Waited 15 minutes before our waitress even came around .
Nice Asian fusion restaurant .
A Vandy student - free lunch .
This is probably the first diner I 've ever been to where they actually cook bacon correctly .
Just about turns my stomach .
by 3 stars , i really mean 3.5-
Also do n't be afraid if you are standing in line and a firetruck , St.
It 's a total hole in the wall type establishment , but boy do they cook some great food !
Cute find here in tarpon springs .
Went on a Tuesday night and was n't very crowded .
The restaurant its self was nice and clean .
My friends and I barely ate a quarter of the dish .
This place is really amazing .
My favorite server there is Heaven who always knows just what to recommend and is very charming in her presence .
I am not a huge kimchi fan but it was not overpowering and was a great addition to the ramen .
I ordered chicken tacos , was n't too impressed .
They had other special soups today that also sounded delightful like the beef stroganoff soup .
For the lunch visit , we split a patty melt and a corned beef sandwich .
Love the atmosphere and the service was great !
My boss also mentioned he 'd never had a cake as delicious !
Try the Verne 's wings .
Had the lengua burrito .
This place is pretty good , but it 's a chain , and it 's really not as convenient as it should be .
Great lunch ! !
So they offer a 4 course meal for $ 49 pp .
no spring mix ... no romaine ... no iceberg with slivers of carrots or even purple cabbage ...
I only go to this location if I absolutely have to .
Asked for a martini ..
What a perfect location !
But since husbAnd checked us out I should n't complain .
The drinks are expensive but that 's to be understood given that they are n't your local podunk dive .
We go here all the time .
To the left was another hallway with another room that had a very well used air - hockey table .
One of our steaks was overlooked but they corrected it quickly .
They were probably louder than most guest but that does n't change the fact that I 'm woken up from a deep sleep !
The skin was not crispy enough and the meat was a little too dull , not juicy enough .
Other than that , there is really nothing to complain about and I still was able to enjoy my meal .
The atmosphere and decor made for a really nice and relaxing dinner .
The guacamole is awesome !
The brussel sprouts are charred perfectly and cooked in this delicious smoky sauce .
The pizza was clearly pre - made crust cardboard stock frozen pie .
Do n't forget to try the pomegranate wine .
I love the whole concept of introducing collaborations with other local haunts ( Bogarts !
I think that the second dish we had was the Sah - Law Macheu Kahteeh .
The order number was called and the order was only halfway completed .
We enjoyed our drink watching the new bartender and bar back decide what she was going to eat ...
I ordered food to go and they said it would be 15 - 20 min .
Fun at Golden Corral 's expense , just make sure you leave a nice tip if the kids make too much of a mess !
I have tried almost every chinese place on ubber eats .... No place comes even close in its price bracet !
Picked a pilsner .
We understand that they are new but the service was terrible and the food very decent .
I 've been here twice and both times have been complete failures .
It should be 5 star rated !
I definitely will come back here again cause pricey as it was we definitely got our monies worth !
The food was hot , tasty , and the service was excellent .
Sat down and looked over the menu and decided that I could not possibly pass up the Queso and Guac dip .
Prices are on the steep side .
The tempura was good , also a fair price .
They looked perfect when they came out , well pressed and the bread was outstanding .
I ca n't wait to head back and try some of the fishes and meats on the menu .
On a street littered with restaurants , this little Gastro is a nice spot to grab some drinks and maybe a bite to eat .
Regardless , the bartender was super friendly .
It started out well ; we got drinks and an appetizer at happy hour .
I had a great time !
This place is the best donut shop around .
unless you 're one of those posters who says " Nobody eats there anymore - it 's too crowded . "
This was my first time at an Indian restaurant and the food was delicious !
Lovely evening on the deck .
And the owner opened a bar in Murfreesboro , so his appearances here are few and far between .
When the burger arrived , it came with a homemade pickle ( good ) and homemade ketchup ( fantastic ) .
10 minutes later she came to make the Changs sauce and paid attention to how we wanted it flavored .
The 2nd time on the other hand , wow the fish was WAY over spiced .
Plus if you 're a disheartened giants fan this is a good place to catch a game .
Went last week for dining under the stars with my bf .
If you go here that may be your first and last ... visit .
I , two opted for two apps and no soup , and the fresh spring rolls and dumplings were yummy .
Wonderful service , wonderful ambiance & GREAT foopd ... !
We saw the sign the next day for 2 for 1 sammies , and knew the happy hour beer was great .
My husband had the eggplant parm , also yummy .
I live thirty miles from there and will willing make the trip to check out the rest of their goods .
The prices are high i supposed , the staff was very good .
I finally made it to Farmhaus last Saturday , and it was worth the wait .
Tried to explain their communication process as if it was n't their fault .
When you walk in you can tell it is slightly more upscale than its surroundings .
Long and short of it , even if you have reservations and spend plenty of money here they do n't care .
It has a nice cozy feel and the carpet makes one feel like they 're walking into the Jungle Room .
We have never been for dinner , but I have had lunch there ( beautiful salad ! ) .
I also love the maduros here .
Everything tasted as if it was sitting around all day .
Had a really good time .
OH MY GOD amazing !
Fries were just ok .
I usually love crab cakes , but this one BARELY tasted like crab .
Definitely should have read the reviews first .
But no , he proceeded to fill the rest of the HALF OF THE CUP with milk .
The husband had a hankering for Asian food so we decided to check out this new Thai restaurant based on the reviews .
It , in fact , consisted only of 1 page of entreés , no small plates and nothing really sharable .
I LOVED the bagel and lox .
The ribs are my favorite .
That kind of ruined Saki for me for the meantime .
My friends chose Huevos Rancheros and something called Divorcivas ( sp?)--2 eggs " split " by opposing chili sauces .
It was cold and the chips were stale .
Came here for lunch on a Friday and the service was slow and disorganized .
I wo n't let one underwhelming experience get me too down on Dots .
Personally , l think the wings are rather dry : they could use some juice or some oil to keep them juicy .
We tried three appetizers and five entries and all of them were a hit .
Mac and cheese was spicy and cheesy for their taste .
my wife got a sandwich of some sorts that she was very happy with too ...
Their strategy must be to get people drunk enough to not care about what they 're eating and the rude service .
Even if you call in an order to go they still will not take the order even if it is before closing time .
I have been to Ru San 's several times over the last 6 years , so my star rating is based on my overall experiences .
The carnivore aficionado will know that real barbecued meat will have a nice pink ring from the hours of cooking in the smoke .
They kind of grunt when they come to the table and food is shoved in front of you , whether there is any room or not .
Izumi is nothing short of excellent in every way .
Boiled crawfish was the best !
I ended up ordering the split cut prime rib ( medium rare ) .
I 've been going to Benihana 's for years .
I think everything else in the Indianapolis airport is better .
It 's nice to have a good Thai restaurant in Broad Ripple .
Well worth the wait , always ! !
It helped that we stopped by on a local artists showcase night .
the guac was some of the best I 've ever had , and the tacos were also phenomenal .
We stopped here 's on the recommendation of our shuttle driver .
I 've never been here so the set up was new to me .
Excellent experience !
They also have a nice selection of teas , hot chocolate etc .
The service is amazing as well .
She even had my fiancé 's dessert comped for his birthday .
The Tuscany design is pleasant as are the owners ( Lucy is always sweet and friendly ) .
This one was the most expensive but the least satisfactory .
The pork crackling was an amazing fat back taco and as an Alabama girl , I was in heaven .
This place had Asian food , Mexican food , American food and a deli .
My boyfriend brought me the express cafe ( which we call cafe express lol ) because I LOVE eggs Benny .
Everything was grilled to perfection with just the right accompaniments .
The rolls mostly taste the same .
This place was AMAZING !
This place was amazing !
Sooo delicious with the peppers and cheese and thin crust .
I really have loved the experience every time I go into Body Fuel !
Disclaimer : do n't try watching your weight here !
They have a very nice wine list with a map of where the wines come from in Italy .
The breadsticks are also really unique and a big serving .
It sits in a whimsical setting and its home feel makes it very welcoming .
I love that they had lots of healthy options .
The food & service is magnificent .
Came here with a group of girls , so we were able to order a bunch of different things to try .
I again had the chicken and waffles and thoroughly enjoyed it .
Cozy place on charter street .
Listen for the specials ... they are always wonderful .
We had to go for dessert and ended up getting a vanilla cake with ice cream .
Basically it is steamed Wontons in a bowl with the soup being the chilli oil .
The food was mediocre at best ( we had the peach pork , veggie enchiladas and fish tacos ) , but the guac is GREAT ...
I used to come here a lot .
This place reminded me of a place at the mall back home so I had an idea of the taste that would soon be tantalizing my tongue .
They offer three courses , plus dessert , and drinks via their a la carte menu .
Luckily they do take checks .
in a good way ) , this is the place to go to .
So when you do n't have that foundation everything else falls apart .
We ate lunch here , tuna burger , chickpea and butternut squash salad .
Do n't miss the biscuits .
Not a good pick at all .
I asked for a side of ranch when ordering , but I never received it .
Our table was overflowing with empty glasses and plates - not bus service to make room or clear dishes .
At this point we were late for the baseball game and wanted to leave .
Hallways and elevator look like they have n't been cleaned since it was the PSFS building .
Really enjoy the hibachi experience .
They had good flavor , and somehow tasted better the day after .
Our server took forever to get us CANNED BEERS , we NEVER GOT OUR WATERS .
You ca n't sit at the Teppan Yaki tables if you 're only getting sushi and the sushi bar seats only a couple of people .
My soup was hearty and delicious and served at the correct temperature so I could enjoy it right away .
Next let 's move on to kastleburgers ...
We opted for 2 glasses of red wine that paired very well with the short rib tacos and calabacitas tacos .
I would definitely recommend checking this place out ...
The chaat is perfect .
My dining companions and I all dressed up , but there were many diners there in jeans and t - shirts .
I ordered online and the wait time was approximately 20 minutes .
Sad , because the decor kicks ass , and the cocktails were tantalizing .
I will say delivery was quick and my food arrived very hot .
It was my first time here .
If you read any of my info , you 'll notice i like to toy around in the kichen throwing dough is one of my favorite past times .
I never had anyone bring burnt toast .
The best chocolate croissant ( petit pain au chocolat ) I had in USA !
We started with the papaya and cucumber salad which was delicate and at the same time complex .
* I saw 4 - 5 Orders of Menudo ; Huge bowls served with 3 dinner plate size tortillas ! ! !
sure its the pier 39 , long wharf , alaskan way of SB , but a tourist has got to eat
Do yourself a favor and go to the Wendy 's next door , they are consistently good .
Our waiter was great !
The food blew us both away !
We visited once and were very disappointed in my veggie pizza and my husband 's sub sandwich .
Glad I got one last visit in .
I do n't eat pork , which is what most of their sandwiches are made of .
You can tell the staff love what they do and really put their heart and soul into the food .
I 've had the nachos and I would n't order them again .
I had the beet salad with chicken which was delicious !
It 's pretty nice inside for being a casual place .
What a disappointing way to end the meal !
Bertucci 's is another favorite place for my family .
Cold rice , chicken over cooked and dry ( both my G / F 's & my dish ) , my enchiladas was cold , red sauce tasted weird .
The pizza itself is a cheesy , crispy , deep dish pizza that has so much flavor from the crust to the sauce .
We were leisurely given menus and a long list of what they DIDN'T have on the menu .
We had the fried dumplings , egg drop soup , won ton soup , chicken with sesame sauce , moo go gai pan and egg rolls .
Great crabs always free n always excellent service .
Overall a good dining experience .
My one single issue : the fries .
This is definitely a spot to check out .
The folks there are cheerful and nice .
It was one of the best burgers I 've had .
Oh great service and solid music too .
We also had miso soup , noodles , vegetables , and fried rice .
This happens on a weekly basis .
Finally made it down for brunch today , and loved everything .
I ca n't say this would be my first choice but I can definitely see myself going back here .
Seriously , let this place be overtaken by the mold that 's likely growing in the corner of the room .
The $ 10 sampler was good .
The food is great too .
with everything closed , it was to my happy surprise , a 24 hour diner !
We were a once a week customer of theirs for a good 2 years until the owner flipped out on us over delivery times .
There is no posted menu , so the ordering can be a little confusing .
And it 's the best orange juice I 've ever had .
For $ 10 you get lots of goodies , Chicken tandoori , Goat curry , chicken tikka Masala , etc .
We had a Turkish Hummus served with fresh pita .
Although it was very nice , it did n't match their menu pricing .
Secondly , had the grouper sandwich after everyone raved about the grouper in this area ... worst fish sandwich I 've ever had .
Do n't judge a book by it 's cover .
I have been wanting to come here since I seen the reviews on Yelp .
On SLU campus so their a little more pricey than most but good .
At least a couple of critical health violations .
There are so many wonderful things to say about this hotel :
Bow low .
I arrived and called the number NO answer .
The portions are very fair sized and the prices are right in line with where they should be .
Just ate lunch from there again today .
Ate there tonight , there is some generic chinese food on the menu as well as some nice specialty items .
The cashier at self - checkout was nice , though .
Dumplings , lamb , shrimp , beets , edamame .
One of our favorite spots !
My friend and I love coming on weekend mornings
A large table next to us was a mess and never cleared after other guests left .
It 's a fun sports grill with a TV in view from each seat .
All American ( and the decor will not let you forget that ) .
Our sweet bartender at dba overheard that I was a vegetarian and suggested my friend and I try it out .
I get that it 's in downtown , but the roof of a building is n't a great view .
This was my first time visiting this location I normally go to the location in South Philly .
It 's a charming family owned and operated spot that is usually jam packed during the lunch rush .
This is a place you " Must " visit when you are out here in Reno .
All in all it was a good experience and we will go back .
Thanks for being such a great place and not cost an arm and leg .
I had to ask what kind of meat they were and please be aware there is veal in them .
The owners say lots of love goes into their food and it sure tastes like it .
While we were there a friend of mine facebooked and said he would be in the Tampa area next month and wanted to hook up .
The big downside to this establishment is the pricing .
The food is OK .
Incredible experience : The ingenuity , the flavor , the precision , the plating , and the service were flawless .
It is a little pricier but worth it not only for the food but for the beautiful views .
overall the bill was around $ 150 , not bad .
The beer selection had plenty to choose from and our two selections were right on target .
One caveat- the backyard space is a great addition but they keep the trash close to that area and it smells really really bad .
Make the burgers bigger or lower the price .... and please do nt charge for the sauces , cmon !
Sometimes the back room can be stuffy on a busy day .
we opted to share a shrimp and oyster platter .
The Copa burger and fries came out after a bit .
Like so many other restaurants in the area , it wants to be cool and distinct , so it 's cluttered and chaotic , so be prepared .
The Coup de grace was when I paid my bill .
The fish was fresh and by itself had very little flavor having been only slight marinated .
He had the Luke Burger ( bacon , caramelized onions , tomatoes , Swiss cheese ) and was raving about it .
They did get the order wrong but the customer service made the wrong right .
When it arrived , it was probably about a 6 oz .
The ricotta cheese is key ! !
Now - Loud music does n't necessarily upset me , but I had to yell across the table to speak to my boyfriend during the meal !
It 's worth a trip there for that .
The broth is flavorful .
I got the Stanford ( turkey burger ) and zucchini straws .
Then , they had the nerve to ask us if we still wanted our appetizer .
I had the dark hot chocolate & it was made in every way I like .
It 's worth a nearly 10 mile drive ...
I came here for a work dinner and we all enjoyed ourselves .
I 've had the pleasure of experiencing Han Dynasty 's exquisite Sichuan cuisine in the Old City and University City locations .
I admit it - I am a pizza snob .
We had a group of 11 , we could n't sit together because they do not accommodate for larger groups .
What I love about this place is it 's clear that nothing is pre - made because it arrives at our table looking fresh and alive .
But if you 're not downtown or do n't mind a quick trip , the buffet at the Atlantis is better and only about $ 10 more .
Since then , we have made a point to return for dinner with friends and alone .
I was attending an event at the fairgrounds and found this place online .
The service was lousy and the food was the worst .
After a drive to Phoenixville , the towns renovations shocked me .
I would absolutely recommend the downtown location over the northside location .
I asked her if there was a menu to read what the sides are , and she said that was the list .
It 's mid priced- parking is very tight- come early or drive a small car !
Also there are no reservations , so get there early or go about 30 min before u think u may be hungry .
The pad see ew got great reviews from the person who ordered it .
I have been going to Ted Peter 's since I was a child , just like my parents have been going since they were children .
Red Mesa is by far one if the best restaurants in St.
I went to Fez on a Thursday night .
The ones here are pretty good , although I would say the portions are a little smaller than usual , it was still very well done .
They have a drive through here for quick pick ups if you do n't want to stop inside to eat / drink .
The family units and I decided to try Hendrick 's because ...
Unfortunately the decor was the best thing about this location .
He liked having sports ( golf ) on the televisions ; it 's definitely something I could live without .
From carerra marble tables to monogrammed champagne flutes , this place is a sight to see .
Louis Gateway Arch when I was road tripping to KCMO .
Service was attentive but there were only two tables in late afternoon .
Really great neighborhood place !
They are so tender , they just melt in your mouth , and the flavors on this taco are unique !
There is a smoking area for the people who want to step out for a smoke .
The yellow sauce was so good , and pretty much made the whole meal .
Perfect place to meet up for a drink and low key relaxation .
The lobster roll dint disappoint , though I 'd like to try other menu items , as well .
I remembered how much I enjoyed this place in the past .
Whoever moves into this location next will have to be a hell of a sell being that there has been little success .
Something about the congealed cheese sauce detracts from the entire experience , and I also prefer my fries to be piping hot .
I absolutely love this place and think is easily the best burrito shop in town .
The ambience is fun and the service is good too !
A clean little place w average food .
A salad , a glass of libation and a great evening .
Was quick service too .
They do n't always put prices on their stuff which is sometimes annoying .
Had to go across the street and pay a fee at the grocery store 's atm .
The veggie bibimbap was delicious but the yukgaejang was just ok , and a tiny portion despite being labeled as 16 oz .
This is normally OK as we are out with friends talking , laughing , and generally having a good time .
Refused to make an accommodation .
My family and I have been twice and will be returning soon .
The display of Gelato is beautiful .
All and all I was happy with the food and the price .
My boyfriend and I love Mexican food .
The ingredients did not scream " high - quality . "
Went to a pre - wedding out of town guest dinner at Bistro St.
The quality of the smoothie/ bubble tea bar is 5 - star .
Yes , I 'll admit that for once in my life a pizza with provel cheese on it -- impressed me .
First cheesesteak I 've ever had , and though it was good it was n't as amazing as I had anticipated .
The hotel is clean and the staff very friendly and helpful .
My granddaughter ordered a piece of pizza and ate the whole thing , which is rare for her .
The server was puzzled and said that it already came with egg whites .
We ordered a whole order of the House Special Fried Rice w/ beef added , A order of chicken wings , a egg roll , & a spring roll !
Probably the best in the Tampa Bay area .
While they do n't serve alcohol , they do make a mean horchata , which I recommend .
It brings me nothing but sorrow .
i ve tried going here four times with no success because the drive tru takes so long that i have pulled away every single time .
While paying for my food I saw the fresh meat being prepped ( not hidden behind the scenes like most places ) .
I liked this place a lot more than I thought I would .
Of course , for the price , one would expect something special , but this was far beyond special -- this was a meal to remember .
I literally had to walk out several times during the night to just breathe .
Checkout was quick and the cashier was one of the friendliest I 've ever encountered .
We also got shrimp quesadillas .
The fried chicken was moist - one piece was underdone , but the quality of the meat was good .
but the sitting arrangement ( it is mostly a take - out joint ) is very sparse , a few tables scattered in the parking lot .
Their truffle fries is amazing ! !
The atmosphere was nice not too loud or crowded and the music playing was really good .
Go redskins ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I decently recommend this place to everyone !
Service was great , but if you 're outside and they 're really busy things might just a little slow service wise .
We had chicken alfredo and eggplant Parmesan for entrees .
We had a show to attend at 7 pm at the Fox .
All in all , I"d go back simply due to the beautiful surroundings and service .
I got a spicy tuna bowl , and a juice and both were amazing !
This place is like Old NY meets the Godfather meets Golden Girls .
My friends got other types of fish and chicken and waffles .
I was never given water .
Cava was one of the highlights , with its fresh from the farm ingredients cooked to perfection .
I do n't care what other people say , I really had a good experience at the Texas Roadhouse .
I was n't a fan of them , too much wrapper and the filling was dry .
If you treat them politely , they 'll take great care of you ; if you act like a pushy jack * * * , you do n't belong here anyway .
My server , Richard , was engaging , friendly , warm and showed an expert knowledge of his cocktails and the menu .
Been here a few times since my gf and I live by and like the outdoor seating area .
The interior is also spacious and clean .
As we walked back to the bar we saw the 10 minute arriving after us couple at their inside table and decided to leave .
Loved the quinoa breakfast bowl piled high with strawberries and blueberries .
Do n't let the looks deceive you , great diner food .
I had the shrimp kabob meal .
Definitely recommend this place !
We tried the SF -style crust(corn meal and thick style ) and then the STL which is the thin crust .
I 've heard good things about this restaurant ; that 's why I went there .
2nd night in Nashville we wanted something a little different and not so touristy honky tonk of broadway .
This is a nice touch of course .
There was a good selection of beers out there , though different from inside .
We began with the hummus , which was quite good .
If you order to go , they call the number on your receipt when your order is ready .
My group of five waited about 45 minutes for a table outside in the heat .
I know you got your liquor license congratulations but y' all need to get your groove back !
The sides were great as well .
Food and service was really good !
The owners are the nicest and kindest people ever .
Again , the rabbit might 've been tender at some point , but it was certainly not cooked fresh that day .
IT TOOK 15 minutes to make TWO DRINKS IN AN EMPTY SHOP .
My family loved it , thumbs up !
I like mine cooked through and sliced in rings , rather than large , soft , tenderized whole pieces ( there were 4 ) .
The place smells musty .
The potatoes had excellent seasoning and a nice crunchy skin .
Not a relaxing environment at all .
We were a party of 5 but only 3 of us arrived early .
I enjoy the open - air feel of the place .
the chicken tikka masala was fantastic , creaming flavorful goodness , unlike the tomato paste over at Saffron .
I eat here multiple times a week .
- Too much carbs .
Got the chirashi bowl which was amazing and extremely fresh with a wide variety of fish .
Hubby had the corn meal green chili pancakes and said they were pretty good .
Everyone I 've taken here has enjoyed their food immensely .
Sweet potato , blueberry , chocolate sin and cherry pancakes along with the hash browns hit the spot for the family .
We opted to also get the guac which was so good .
long long long wait but the food was good .
Good food , my waitress was pleasant but it 's to damn loud in there , I guess that is from all the drunk people behind me .
Pig stomach and mustard green soup : I 've actually never had the soup prior to my visit here , but was up to try something new .
The drum was excellent too .
Usually we end u going to coffee bar , because they have a wider variety .
The House Blend coffee was excellent .
This food was not authentic and at best mediocre .
Nevertheless , I was overall pleased with my drink .
Cost us 26 dollars each . , was not worth 26cents .
The fries are pretty good as well .
Bartender is not overwhelmed and therefore very friendly and talkative .
There is also a pork chop entree that is really good , but not as tender as the pork and fig .
If you see the Sweet D 's Sausage & P 's on the special 's menu pounce on that .
i briefly scanned through the other reviews and would just like to add ...
It is the perfect place for that , with both indoor and outdoor tables , a booth , and a counter .
The décor is warm and inviting , though a tad cramped if you 're not sitting towards the front of the bar .
Eclipse 's pizza crust is supposed to be something particularly special , but Black Rock Pizza 's is far superior by comparison .
The menu looks great , the staff is friendly and you can tell that they really care about what they are doing .
This location is hit or miss .
Semi good food but very poor service .
Parking is terrible which is n't a huge deal but be prepared to spend a few minutes looking for a parking spot .
The horseradish sauce ( served on the side ) was very tasty though .
Love coming to this place for a quick bite .
I thought I did my research -- read reviews , got a recommendation from a local , and thought the online menu looked good .
Anybody visiting Santa Barbara should park in the pier and eat at this place .
Meat was hot and tender and was complimented by the sauce it came with and the shredded asiago cheese .
The best restaurant I 've been to on the Main Line until now ...
Glad to have great Italian food on this side of eighth Avenue !
Another 10 minutes later , she got her food before we did .
My 6 yr old son never compliments the food , but could n't stop talking about how tasty the chicken fingers were .
The other couples absolutely loved their meals , and said they 'd definitely be back again .
The University location mixed the dressing for you , or at least offered to , which made the salad in my opinion .
Its actually a surprisingly good spot for fish - eating pseudo vegetarians like me .
Everyone was very nice but our waitress was MIA most of the time .
However , it is very difficult to hold a normal conversation due to the abnormally loud interiors .
It 's a fun little trip with friends and does n't cost much money - I 'd do it again , for sure .
Service was awesome beer was amazing ! ! ! !
Amazing staff loved the bottles of water on the
All of my friends were done eating and ready to leave and I was JUST getting my food !
I 'm on a plane right now so hoping nothing happens .
Beverages were good , but service was very slow - also odd considering most of the restaurant was empty .
Not unreasonably , we thought that would be our table ...
While back " home " in Philly , visiting friends in Mt Airy we decided to try Grain Exchange for lunch .
Besito cheapened theirs by adding piles of onions and peppers .
as always , the decor is awesome ; i like the clean semi - cramped feeling .
The mashed potatoes had little yummy lumps .
So I came to Taco Bell here in Willingboro only to be served a cold burrito and 2 tacos for a total of $ 13 and change .
We had some really amazing food that made me nostalgic for my years in China and Taiwan .
Then , we ordered dessert , waited about ten minutes for it .
We have a group of 18 and have been waiting for 1 hour and 33 min .
The pho is very good and so is the flame broiled pork and imperial rolls .
The pancakes are just OK , honestly IHOP has better pancakes .
This is a great place to eat with family or friends .
Chang 's , so when I found out that they made a fast food - type restaurant , I was excited .
- Vanilla bubble tea ( $ 4.95 ) - L and Jboy shared a vanilla BBT .
All in all , just a really long wait , which is really not good when you 're hungry .
One of the best brunch meals of my life y' all ...
It def got us full , but the flavor was just ok .
Located in a strip mall , its look can be deceiving .
The olives that come with it are interesting .
The staff is quick and friendly , and it 's usually pretty quiet .
I enjoyed the bowl itself , although it takes some work to get down to the actual acai base in the to - go cup .
I 'm a fan ! ! !
I even sent a photo to prove that the appearance of the pizza was not acceptable , and I never heard back from him .
I would suggest any sub you order from them request " light mayonnaise " because they can be a little heavy handed .
I always enjoy a trip to TacoSon .
Very original --- who makes their own black walnut liqueur ? !
We have never eaten at an Indian restaurant and we decided to be adventurous .
They would be a great choice for any of your catering needs .
My fiancé had the Hash Mountain ( $ 8.00 ) which also comes with potatoes and toast .
I loved the dim lighting and the upstairs seating but I just did not want to stay there .
A really great place to stop by for breakfast or lunch .
I have no complaints at all about the service .
And it you are not being paid , PLEASE , get out more , and go some place good , cause this ai n't it .
) Anyway let 's take a look at my own meal ...
My first two courses were excellent .
This last time I called in an order .
My favorite thing about the menu was that you could substitute a normal side for one of their sweet specialities for only $ 3 !
I just can not figure out why anyone would go there for anything other than the laser tag .
I again went to the associate and he said he would reset it .
We gave her our order and she walked away .
Probably the best kale salad I 've ever had - they really nailed the dressing .
It was fantastic and worth ever cent .
If it 's your first time and you 're not sure which ingredients will taste good together , I would recommend the signature items !
The staff and the food is amazing !
I do n't have any strong criticisms of the restaurant .
I went there for lunch yesterday .
The receipt will be correct but then they 'll take out the completely wrong sandwich .
Butter chicken tasted like butter chicken ( I 'm not a huge fan of this dish ) .
The flavors were reminiscent of focacia , while the texture was pizza .
It is a true Italian market .
There are so many good places in New Hope but unfortunately for me , this is n't one of them .
I have to preface this by saying that we only had breakfast sandwiches .
It 's Joe 's Crab Shack which does n't need a lot more detail , however the staff here go above and beyond .
My only real complaint is that it is small and they get packed early .
Out table got the Christmas beer , white lager , hard cider and milk chocolate beers .
Lines were long which is a good sign to me .
My friend had the duck fat fries that looked amazing and he had one of the burgers that was also outstanding he said .
Could n't even finish my meal .
It also would have been nice if they were n't showing The Walking Dead on the big screen TV in front of me .
I can not wait to sit inside and enjoy this incredible sushi .
They used to be a great place to hangout .
I loved the concept of having different specialty donuts and sliders on each day of the week .
The edamame was over cooked and mushy while the spring roll did not look appetizing almost like it was frozen .
But overall the fresh well prepared food means we will try it again . :)
And the cocktails were top - notch .
I loved the beets and the chicken liver .
Asian Shrimp and Abita beer .... what 's not to like .
The tuna salad cones with a generous whole tuna steak .
Good beer selection and the Fried Pizza Dough dessert was a nice ending to fun night out .
Everything in this place is so good !
Bear Creek Farms , Hatcher Dairy ... that 's locals helping locals .
I had always wanted to try this spot , as it seems Philly is lacking in quality Greek / Mediterranean .
We highly recommend this restaurant .
It has been hard to order anything else since I tried this one ( check out the picture I added to Yelp as well ) .
Also ordered the vermicelli with beef , which was quite big and equally tasty .
I 'm more of a booths girl .
Visited last week .
Great service by Lety and atmosphere Glad to know they have Gluten Free bread !
Excellent choice for fresh Greek cuisine .
The tenderness and flavor of the meat was excellent .
So if you 're looking for the infamous Cafe Du Monde beignet , you can try it at further locations .
The service is impeccable , the menu ever - changing , and the preparations fascinatingly nuanced .
Went there with the kids , had been looking forward to trying it based on other reviews .
While I was eating a guy came in and said to the clerk that they have the best Sweet and Sour soup .
However , it was a bit crunchier than other chicken parm that I have had .
I also love the fact that they have someone stationed in the wine area .
I saw people reaching with bare hands , opening wallets over them , etc .
The location is in the old Banana Leaf Restaurant next door to Simply Donair in the same strip mall as Dairy Queen .
My hopes were high , but Schlaflys dashed them .
My sweetheart and I came here for a quick lunch on a weekend day .
The gravy is delicious I would drink honestly haha .
I came to Duck Donuts to get a dozen donuts for my mom 's birthday .
I do n't know who put these tacky girls in charge ...
But the food was decent .
Never go during the week ..
The service was outstanding ( thank you Ashley ! ) and I will go back to Cody 's whenever I can .
The Cabernet was a cheap brand and my husband said it was too sweet .
We ordered kids lemonades that were $ 2.50 each , although that price was not listed on the kids menu .
All in all , we had a great experience , and I will definitely be returning .
we had a decent size party and they were n't even that busy and it took an hour to get seated .
It 's defintely easier than Tampa , but can be hard to find on the weekend .
The service has always been terrific and timely .
I went with a group of friends with high expectations .
You ca n't go wrong with the brunch at Luke !
We came here for the fresh uni .
I wo n't be going back , with or without kids .
Finished w/ a four cheese pizza which was the best made brick oven pizza i 've ever had .
I absolutely love this cafe .
The crust crispy and the abundant flavor of the roasted garlic was a delight !
Great service and great food .
And the staff was helpful and nice , too .
I will say the employees were friendly and smiled .
The Silver Spoon is the cutest freaking place ever .
Went to Amigos on our 40th anniversary citing the great reviews .
We got our ketchup and all that situated and started eating .
They resentfully recooked it , then argued with my husband when they did n't put an order in the bag .
Tonight , I took him up on his kind offer .
I used to go here all the time , but then they increased the prices of their açaí bowls ( from $ 9 to $ 11 for a small ) .
The service was Ahmazing !
Their homemade chips are to die for ! !
wish the time was the only consideration in the 3 star rating .
It was super thick like gravy .
Saigon also sells freshly made bake goods and exotic fruits , and you can find them scatter up by the register .
Do n't expect to see silverware at the place settings .
I was starving when we arrived and did n't want to do any research on Yelp for a place to eat .
Our waitress was flakey , Drinks mixed up and delivered to the wrong Table .
w/ pulled pork , vinegar sauce , and slaw on the burger , but we 'll have to see ) but no Cheerwine ?
First , and I ca n't say enough , how much I love dog - friendly places and they are !
The menu was great and the food was as well .
The filet was really good but otherwise the food was only OK .
The chefs need to wear gloves and the waitresses do not need to go by the food as it is cooking !
My boneless wings were not even lukewarm - cold .
For the money I spent on it , I was n't happy with it .
This place is super cool .
and unlike any other s / a dip ever .
I ended up going with the lamb patty melt and while it was good ... it was n't great .
One question though : what kind of place has a happy hour that starts at 10 am , but they ca n't make you a mimosa ?
I love that you can see the pizza oven when you walk in the door .
My daughter wolfed down the braised beef noodle soup in minutes .
Let 's talk about the baked wings ....
As a warning , they have n't gotten in their credit card machine yet ( but they say it should be in any day ) ...
The artichoke / spinich cheese fondue was the best .
The service was absolutely fantastic and it 's so cheap that I 'm not sure what you can really complain about .
Seriously , a great restaurant to dine and share the experience with your loved ones .
The setting and decor is n't quite Asian Crawfish , but that does n't matter once your first bite is taken .
So , I get on the phone and call my buddy who lives around 9th St. , he says Oregon Steaks ! !
Very friendly atmosphere and our waiter was great .
It 's been ten hours and I can still smell it .
Also , the pancakes were alright , not great .
Went down to the river and actually found some water !
I would go again , but would n't make a special trip .
The green beans were fresh and the grits were yummy .
Pizza crust was a bit soggy but otherwise good .
The pho here is n't that great .
The turkey bacon was n't crispy enough .
We had two items on the menu .
Burgers are amazing ! !
As a place super close to the Piazza , it does n't strike you as a busy place with amazing food .
forgot our order , lost our order , gave us the wrong food , spilled our drinks , NEVER checked on us .
Went for brunch and arrived around 11 am .
This time we added the playboy roll which was very good .
Extremely friendly and delicious the pizza is also very good .
I ordered the Ugni blanc with some baba ganoush and the autumn root vegetable tagine .
just makes it so much better than the rest .
I found a spot nearby but I 've talked to others that had to walk quite a ways to get here .
I love everything about this place .
I was told it was the owner who did this , but who knows .
Ate lunch here today with my friend .
Guess they only know how to serve wine .
This was perfect for a very short walk from the hotel .
This was my first experience .
Steak was fatty and overcooked and mashed potatoes were nt fresh .
The zucchini was n't especially impressive but anything deep fried is usually good .
As always , we ordered the soon dubu which is a must if you come here .
Captain d 's is a joke compared to LJS !
I loved everything about my meal !
A couple times I have online ordered there were no issues .
The baristas are also very friendly .
The fries are delicious !
Be warned -- the dining area is SMALL .
The meat was not bad and also liked the roasted vegetables .
This happened a few times .
But boy were we shocked how amazing the food was and the service was perfect !
The waitstaff could not have been friendlier , and the oysters ranged from medium - ish to huge in size .
Ignorant bartender .
This store is pathetic .
We made a reservation and specifically told the receptionist that we will have a baby in a stroller .
Keep up the good work guys ! !
The overpriced naan and charging for rice are a turn - off .
Jebbs open face and the huevos rancheros are my favs .
The homemade sauce is amazing .
Over the years , I was told by a number of people how much they liked this place .
$ 22 for 2 burritos and a sweet green tea which really is n't too bad .
The service is wonderful - attentive and knowledgable and the ingredients and the preparation .
If you have n't tried Yats what are you waiting for ?
I 've given their delectables as gifts and all have been thrilled !
The waiter says , very loudly and rudely with an annoyed tone and expression , " heeelllloooo ! "
Family had variety of things , boudin omelette , breakfast sandwich , the burrito ...
This caveat was NOT PRINTED on the coupon .
My husband had the Belgium waffles made with corn meal and garnished with Blueberry butter .
They also serve above average pizza but it 's overpriced and tends to be too salty in my opinion .
The fruit was fresh and the coffee was great !
I was surprised at how big my dinner salad was .
I always sit at the bar since I usually come by myself .
Food is delicious and unique .
This is definitely one of my guilty pleasures .
Me and my boyfriend love it here !
One final note I have is the menu : The menu is expansive .
We were not a fan of their Lamb Samosa 's but their vegetable ones are amazing .
I ordered a " u pick 2 " soup and sandwich .
Oh , speaking of house , they were playing some nice jazzy / soulful house music while I was there .
The meals came ... no apps .
My spouse was kind enough to share her shrimp poboy which was not bad .
Friendly wait staff and good drinks ! !
They 'll make it a veggie .
it 's on the pricey side of the sushi , but the taste is phenomenal .
Awesome food and service ! ! !
Sure ... it 's not a cool , new , or hip restaurant , but it 's so freakin delicious !
TJ 'S had great ambience and views .
The ambiance is fantastic and the food and drink are equally as good !
At first , I thought it was a farmers market .
Not sure if it was because of happy hour , there was a ton of ice in the pitcher delivered to our table .
Ordered rhe Zac Pac 4 burgers 4 boneless wings added fries and fountain soda for $ 19 total
It 's really one of those things you just have to experience .
The crazy part is that I was eating leftovers for two days after - which was impressive .
Not only were the tapas creative they were very well priced !
You order at the front and they will bring the food out .
We ordered two burgers , two drinks , and a 50/50 basket of fries and onion rings .
the staff are rude and the owner is the worst .
This is not a place for dinner it is reminiscent of a tapas place .
The pizza was bland and my caesar salad was literally SOAKING in dressing .
Food was ok ... if you do n't mind the noodles being a little over .
not a bad little burger joint .
I will definitely be back because I love the layout and the openness of the space and of course ...
Coconut tart for dessert was perfect as well .
Best complete meal of my life .
The rice was cooked perfectly ( I ca n't stand an overlooked mushy rice ) but did n't have a whole lot of flavor .
I also loved the grits , which is rare .
They do n't label the dishes so you do n't know what you are getting .
We will never go in this establishment .
Some gulls perched on top of beach umbrellas making dining unappealing ..
Went with hubby early on a friday night at 4 pm which they only have cocktails , appetizer & salads .
And to what .... the only items we have prepped ?
The owner or manager was at the table several times and delivered our food .
This sauce was delicious .
Did I try the food ?
The chips and salsa that come when you sit down were pretty awesome !
Like to see smoke rings on the sliced brisket which I could not see , tasted a little like pot roast .
They have the best singapore mei fun I 've eaten in New Jersey so far as well .
There 's a full house tonight , ever seat is taken and we still had our food out within 5 - 10 minutes .
The pizza for New Orleans was not terrible , but not particularly great either .
The place is very comfy and also sells converse shoes , gourmet soaps and candles , and has other interesting items to look at .
My 3 - year old love this place and most importantly , I am not sure why , I love their coffee .
loved the tamarind vinaigrette in the salad ..
Super fresh and made right in front of you and delicious .
The bakery really got me .
I was a little bit disappointed when they did n't have the little containers of pickled veggies in the kim chee sauce .
During happy hour , Blue Moon and Dos Equis are $ 3 , premium cocktails are $ 5 , including margaritas .
We came in from out of town , and were looking forward to a nice tour and lunch .
The bartender was great - pretty much left us alone but was always there when we needed something .
I was amazed by how many restaurants are in this shopping center ...
Whenever I walk by and see people on the street enjoying their meals and wine , the corner is so inviting !
Bonus points for the server agreeing not to judge my decision to get two breakfasts .
The interior is very lovely .
Ordered the pastor tacos and the chicken empanadas .
This really concerned me as it was now 11:50 am and I did n't think a lot of people would have eaten it already .
Soooooo mannnny options ! ! ! ! !
The burrito was massive , and was less than 7 dollars !
Went on a Wednesday night and came back on Thursday .
The place is big and they do serve food , however we did not eat here .
We got take out today and she forgot one order of the crab rangoons .
( However , my husband felt the same . ) Like I said , I could have skipped that part .
As I said , I probably should have asked , but with only 2 choices I doubted I would be paying that much .
They are full size " bites " so unlike other places where you can order like 6 small items , you ca n't get away with that here .
I always wanted this place to be awesome , but every burger I ordered was under seasoned and bland .
There are do many choices , we all ordered different dishes and shared .
The Quinoa Salad with Salmon , Oysters , Brussel Sprouts and Brown rice bowl were all delicious .
I do n't recommend you sit over there if you are trying to hear the game , or your partner .
We used the BBQ sauce to dip the okra in .
Was this the only space available after Whitt 's opened their location at the airport 's C - Concourse ?
The inside of the restaurant is also dark .
Overall , I really enjoyed my experience at Modesto and would definitely go back for happy hour .
We paid $ 3.57 for literally 30 tortilla chips and a 1/2 oz of the worst salsa I 've ever had !
This , however , is more appropriately chalked up to Xmas night , rather than being " the norm " in our experience .
Had three things here , they were all excellent .
The best quality buffet we 've been to , but also probably the most expensive .
I would n't even attempt to try the fish .
Sandwiches were great .
Locally sourced menu with photos of the farmers in the restaurant .
First and last visit for us !
I 'm convinced that the Kale Lemonade is the only thing that gets me through how brutal summer can be in Philadelphia .
The bacon is actually made to order , so it 's not dried out or deep fried .
The carbonarra with panchetta instead of bacon my husband ordered is the best I 've ever ordered or even tried to make .
I got the gyro " platter " for lunch , which was dry , uninspired , and nothing like a deconstructed gyro .
It is definitely better than your average queso !
It was a bit off the beaten track , but the food was good .
Their chicken salad wrap with pecans is one of the best fast food items I 've ever had and is delicious .
I have never been to a Tim Hortons before and Maryann was super sweet and spent a lot of time explaining the menu .
Kind of cramped inside , but good comfort food none the less .
Our ceasar salad was phenomenal , the bread sticks were fresh , and the clam chowder was also great .
Burger and fries were horrible and I got an apple pie which tasted like it came out of a refrigerated box .
The chicken was so tough and over cooked , and cut too large to be considered bite size .
I 'm pretty sure this place has been open since before I was born and it 's no surprise as to why .
I went here yesterday for lunch alone and had a wonderful experience .
The Blue Claw crabs are flown in everyday from the Gulf Coast .
To me , this restaurant is a very Americanized version of " Greek " food , with chicken topping just about everything .
The location is next to the original Saigon Deli on Waters and Dale Mabry behind the La Quinta hotel .
I always loved their dumplings , Peking duck , and other specialties .
And the choices is amazing .
The food was awesome , the waitress was helpful when I was stuck between 3 different dinners .
The owners apparently opted not to change a thing about the indoor seating .
The broth was n't hot enough for my liking but it did n't take away from the soup .
When this place popped up we made reservations .
The fried pickles were also phenomenal .
They are on the smaller size but they are cheap and tasty .
It is very clean and the staff were great .
It was a delightful twist on the Italian staple .
This is the best place for sushi in the area .
My wife had the cannolli .
Well , place is nothing spectacular .
Horrible service !
Oh , they also have a decent beer selection and the wait staff / bartenders made me feel very welcomed too .
Place is similar to Applebee 's ...
Still , the open air balcony with two quaint chair and a metal table was cute .
I will definitely be returning as I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and I saw their pizza that looked really scrumptious .
One of my favorite being the pretzel dogs .
My party consisted of 4 people , myself , my husband , and our 2 children under 4 years old .
Nice job .
Really super good pizza .
The roasted potatoes were ice cold , when we mentioned it , they took them back , microwaved them , came back out , half were raw .
French pressed Joe and a French 75 to start your adventure in New Orleans .
I 've never had any of the food items at Tria , because the real treat here are the drinks .
Great place to go for an inexpensive byte .
My friend and I got the jumbo lump crab cake with mushy broccoli .
But then the little bundles of joy came out , pretty quickly I might add .
This is one of the best breakfast joints in town !
Hubs said the dark meat was amazing though , so hopefully my white meat dryness was a fluke .
I 've had most of the small plates and salads all very good .
The drivers are awesome and very engaging with the guests .
Try the sweet potatoes and the gnocchi with blue cheese - seriously ca n't beat this place .
The sweet potatoes fries were magical , the piri powder on top was a perfect touch .
Loved the Beach Bowl with Hoison sauce .
We then place our food orders .
We spent $ 180 on 2 people .
It had a slight burn to them and it was not to pleasing .
Went with a bigger group for dinner and we all agreed that the BBQ shrimp is the dish to get .
I 've been to their sister store called Moxies , and their food is great also .
And the truffle butter filet .
Still I do n't mind coming here for some decent eats while in the neighborhood .
My son and I went in for burgers after a long day 's drive returning him to Nashville for the upcoming semester .
and the parking is n't that great either and if you want to eat in the patio area , you kinda have to fight for a table .
The food here is a bit trendy but very well prepared .
and I have a Froyo problem .
I do love some of the other bakeries in town but NO ONE has better cinnamon rolls ... NO ONE .
The service was pleasant but it did n't make the food any better .
I had the Cagen chicken with black beans and chopped tomatoes .
I ca n't wait to bring the kids back .
An upscale mexican joint ?
The Eggs benny were slamming and the state st salad was supper .
I was too full to try any dessert , so I 'm going to have to come back !
Truly not worth the wait .
The owner walks around in the way not able to even answer the phone to take orders .
Love this place , it 's a casual Hispanic place with great family style food .
I had the shrimp masala .
Vegetarian review -
Terrific change of pace venue .
The mixed papusa had a bit of everything ( meat , cheese , beans ) and came with small containers of slaw and a thin salsa .
The only downside is that it is a small place and is always crowded so you should expect wait times .
The adventureless palates were predictably satisfied and were at home with the uninspired menu and the server 's schtick .
So I chose Hawaiian and my boy chose BLT .
Only thing I can say negative is the speed of getting seated and food coming out .
And would it kill them to get at least one Belgian beer in there ?
Picked up takeout from Village Whiskey ( so I ca n't review the actual restaurant ) .
Have never had a bad meal and drinks are great too ! ! !
Server was a bit distracted but no biggie .
Plus the service was top notch .
Village China Wok is n't exactly fine dining , but it 's a very respectable Chinese buffet .
The beer selection was good ( a requisite for me ) .
The east parking lot is a disaster is trap with low hanging tree branches that scraped my paint .
Do n't let the hole in the wall look fool you .
I imagine this place gets super busy during the week , but I stopped by for a weekend brunch and had no issues getting in .
Once we got seated they took our drink order the wife decided that she would get a Malibu bay breeze which was made well .
When the dessert course arrived , my step - mom had a candle in her cake since we were celebrating our birthday .
It kind of reminded me of an Asian dish .
but more importantly , love the bibimbap ( especially in the stone bowl ) .
The scam with the wine sizes was a new one ... a glass ... and a little more ... for a bunch more money
AJs products are incredible .
A great find in the Old Pueblo .
Front desk told me I should try this place as they give a decent discount .
Returned on Tues 6:00 pm with family and were totally disappointed .
I literally saw the guy mixing a potato salad with his bare hands and then wipe his nose to return to mixing .
Our waitress was not personalable at all and had no sense of humor !
The atmosphere at Besito is tough to beat .
This place is great .
This place is GREAT .
I went to Lilly 's recently with my daughter and had lunch .
It was n't such a fantastic place that I would seek it out but if staying at the Omni it is worth a try .
The gelato was the star of this show , with everything else being delicious .
We are vegetarian and ordered Drunken noodles and Red curry along with spring rolls for appetizers .
Sassafras Restaurant has a nicely - decorated exterior ( strip mall ) and a very attractive , clean , neat , and welcoming interior .
The burger was exceptionally small and I would have had to eaten two to be ' full ' .
At first , it 's a really small and tight place , but the inside decor is really nice with a lot of natural light .
The acoustics are not great though and I was a little tough to hear .
I had the prix fixe menu and I loved ordering 3 courses .
We did have a full breakfast as well , sharing a crawfish omelet & Cajun hashbrowns .
The garlic soy wings and fries are delicious .
Food : The prix fixe menu prices were very reasonable with good choices .
Amazingly good in case you 're wondering .
Thanks Matrix for always being a great venue for an event !
The restaurant is spacious and clean .
I would start listing my favorite things about Smiley 's , but the list would be impossibly long .
The service was solid , not exceptional .
Have n't had anything else here but solid choice for pizza if you 're in the area !
We got a dozen oysters , blackened alligator , and seafood basket .
For 3 people our total was about $ 100 , and we did get a lot of food .
I 'm definitely a fan of Crabby Bill 's and will be back .
We had a 5:30 pm reservation on Sunday August 21st .
This Denny needs help , Gentleman sat me and my Family down and told us someone would be with is shortly .
Fun and festive !
As a Newyorker I 'd have to say some of the best pizza I ever have- Deffintly top 5 .
Finally , we had the pork tenderloin and flank steak which were both stellar .
The new roll is a wicked , cheap , flavorless wrapping .
It is quaint , welcoming and inviting , so naturally that makes me think of vacation .
We heard that it was the best crab in Philadelphia , so why would n't we want to try it ?
Then cross the street to Capogiro for National Geographic 's # 1 rated gelato in the world .
I 've even seen them tell first - timers who did n't have cash to just " get us back next time " .
I made a reservation online 2 or 3 days prior , then the day of I called to confirm .
Went to the crawfish boil and had a great visit !
Terrible customer service and rude people .
Best creme brûlée I 've ever had .
So the location holds special memories for me .
I walk out if I visit and the staff is n't who I want to deal with ; it 's that bad .
Tried the beer it was good and the food was pretty decent also I will probly go back
The place was dead for 10 pm Friday .
It 's fairly casual with upscale cuisine .
We enjoyed our bread until our meals were brought out .
The flavor was great .
I just got coffee so I ca n't say I tasted it but if it had been served to me I would have returned it .
Although it can be a wait sometimes , when you are ordering a whole pie , the pizza here is one of my favorites in the city .
Price is awesome ! ! !
Aside from the special menu , prices are a bit , well , pricey , but at $ 15 , the ( Friday ! ) lunch special is a steal .
Also , a vegetarian in the group got meat sauce even though that was n't what we ordered .
What saved this meal were the sweet potato fries .
Do n't get the mashed potatoes .
Safe choice , but wonderful selections !
My wife and I have been wanting to eat here so we did about 2 pm one day .
Both deserve tips , just be aware of who you 're tipping !
The Bloody Mary was perfect and the happy hour food specials were well priced and tasty .
I am glad the magic persists .
I was expecting a larger group and some people were running late / canceled last minute and we were sitting outside .
What does it take for a girl to get what she pays for around here ? ! !
Perfect combination !
The service is always so friendly and the staff takes time to make small talk with you , which is unusual .
The person I was with ordered cole slaw and it had absolutely NO flavor .
For the price we paid , I had higher expectations .
We were greeted by a ton of personality at the register .
I highly recommend the salted caramel or the maple bacon , they 're the perfect combination of savory and sweet !
I 've been there several times just because of that relationship .
We ordered the Pepper pie , which included Peppadews , Jalepenos , Poblano Peppers , Crumbled Hot Sausage , Mozzarella & Red Sauce .
Not a bad diner at all , but I do n't know why it 's considered great by so many people .
The service was great and my iced mocha was excellent ( so much better than Starbucks , actually ) .
I had awesome service at this spot .
I have told friends and family about this place and we will be sure to return on our next visit .
The sushi was horrible , full of filler breadcrums and very skimpy on fish .
of pizza by getting two 8 " over one 12 " ) .
The owners take a lot of pride in their service and menu and all is made fresh to order .
The manager said it 's a banking glitch , and should correct itself before the money comes out of my account ...
The location is fantastic and the ambiance is nice .
Did i mention the delicious array of juices and mimosas ?
When we asked about the tasting menu , we were told that the serving sizes were very small and we should get something else .
The ambiance and live music here is fantastic .
Central in town .
I wish the pizza was better but .....
Tried Papa 's French Toast , which is coated with corn flakes - stealing that idea too ...
Inside it looks more of a classy place .
There biscuits are to die for ...
Definitely a classy , higher - end type of place with beautiful southwestern decor and artistic lights hanging above .
And for what you pay the portions are pretty small .
People rave over them .
The etouffee especially would have probably tasted a lot better at least warm .
2 things you need to know up front that I did n't find mentioned in hardly any reviews :
Great atmosphere hardly ever a line which is weird because it sits inside the Blake hotel on st Charles .
They let us sample sangria and a tequila wine as well .
I ordered the SoFresh Signature Salad and added chicken .
As I mentioned , the fried spring rolls are amazing .
Paired with the lemon zest and the Asian vinaigrette , it was a great start to the meal !
We were told chef and manager changed , so we decided to give Bull on 19th another try .
This was easily the best lunch I 've had in a very long time .
The generals chicken and fried rice are my favorite entrees .
Note : No seating available at this location , so this is To - Go only .
The staff was so friendly and so much FUN .
The chicken kebab platter was terrific .
This was some of the best food I 've stumbled upon in Indianapolis .
Service in bar can be slow on the weekends so if you are in a rush , ask to sit in the dining room .
The service was warm and friendly , but not overly cloying .
we decided to save this for our last meal , right before we have to go to the airport .
In addition , we were shocked that they charged us $ 14.50 for a coffee with 1 shot of Bailey 's !
they make some delicious donuts that s for sure ...
Homeboy hypnotized us with his eyes . You win , cute waiter .
The quality of the food was better than anticipated .
This was fine since it was just the two of us , but if it was a larger party it would definitely be an issue .
I had the cheesesteak and crispy ranch chicken sandwich .
Everyone liked their food and we would go back .
Just a tad bit rude if I do say so myself .
I had a 2 topping and the toasted raviolis which both were good !
Definitely one of my favorite meals in Nashville .
Sadly , the Chinese food scene in University City is kind of lame .
I think this place is worse than Basil Leaf .
My burger was to come with a certain sauce and when I asked to switch it , the server told me there would be an up - charge .
:) I have since heard that his hummus is to die for .
Overall , it is a great healthy alternative .
They 're as big as your fist .
First , some really inappropriate song came on - which she changed .
The best foods usually come from little hole - in - the - wall places .
They ca n't even check up on people and see how the food is .
The reviews that i read prior to entering this place really bashed the service .
This restaurant was the worst experience that I 've had in Indianapolis to date .
Make sure they do n't put nutmeg on it , because it does NOT taste as good .
We highly recommend the Silverspoon and ca n't wait to return again !
They were simply jealous of the prosperous Irish pub ...
For some reason the waitress just ignored the four of us .
what is this strange thing ?
Totally hit the spot .
Set menu of multiple courses , with the only option to choose if you wanted beef or lamb for the main course- we chose lamb .
We tried almost everything on the menu And even had catering .
They are a great community place , though .
Surprised to see all the less than stellar reviews .
I 've never eaten sushi and I went to this place .
Go for the bone - in , it is excellent !
Slightly overwhelming to say the least , meats and cheeses ( at the time ) I had never even heard of .
Not only did it take FOREVER for our entrees to come , but they were terrible !
The monkey ball is a must try ! ! !
I do wish bartender told us about Bloody Mary bar when we ordered bloody Mary 's while we waited .
Oh and do n't forget the Greek coffee and rice pudding !
I think we ordered around 15 plates total , 3 bottles of wine and some vodka tonics .
I almost would have rather they served a Boca Burger and least gotten something somewhat tasty for my money .
My husband and I have tried several different plates and they have all been very good .
Maybe we just needed to stick with our usual favorites dishes , because I 've always loved coming here before .
I chose from Groups 1 & 3 , starting with chicken liver pate , with garnishes .
The redfish was delicious , but the crab claws and crawfish were few and far between and cooked almost into oblivion .
With each bite , I kept hoping the next would be better .
The ingredients were FRESH and the sandwich was assembled so that many perfect bites were achievable .
Although I like how you can choose your own toppings but it was n't my kind of tacos .
Most of the time the avocados are n't very ripe so you do n't really get any flavor from it .
We had a set meal .
We finally caught the attention of the host and asked for a waitress .
We got there , the place was nice , nice environment , but had a little bit of a diner feel to it ( because of the layout ) ..
Taste was decent .
Having experienced a day that could only be fixed by delivery , my husband handled all of the order details .
The jambalaya barely had any meat in it and was definitely not close to anything like jambalaya .
What was interesting is that they whipped the yogurt once it was in the cup to make it seem bigger .
The Carne Asada tacos are also divine .
The service is quick and the food is bomb .
It 's hard to believe that this place is n't packed every time we go since this area of NE is pretty sparse on Indian .
The spring rolls had too much basil in it and were a little on the small side .
We went here several nights for some late night eats ... despite a full day of eating at actual restaurants lol !
Dinner on Sunday night started with the pate and crispy Brussels sprouts- both were outstanding .
Within ten steps of leaving the front door , the cheese on the " spinach " slice slid off the bread and fell to the ground .
I noticed that we were a table of color ( African American ) , maybe this had no influence , maybe it did .
The red velvet cake ice cream is good too .
Interested , I was like this place has to be great !
This is a fantastic place to get meats and other groceries .
The food was a little better than average and the portion sizes were substantial but it certainly was not out of this world .
To start , we ordered the Escargot , and it came from the kitchen screaming hot .
This is plain and simple a good TEX / MEX buffet ... period .
The prices , quality , and selections are fantastic !
My favorite is a the veggie with double vegan cheese .
I got an unexpected upgrade to pine nuts instead of almonds .
Highly recommended by me , my wife , and my heart surgeon ...
That night it was meatloaf with mashed potatoes and gravy and a veggie .
well , it can be hit or miss depending if you have to pay because of the Arena events .
Giving a quick first glance at the menu and it appeared that might be the case- although I was hoping for better .
The beer selection was great .
We had freindly and prompt wait staff , the owner even joked with us and sent over a few samples of other food stuffs .
There is no way I can express how blessed we feel for having these folks in our area .
This is another great locally owned business in Indianapolis .
Hidden somewhere between Ybor City and downtown Tampa ....
Last night was my first time at the actual restaurant .
But it is a dish that we will go back for again and we did .
Very nice , good service and the food was good .
The chorizo tacos are amazing ! ! !
We went a few days ago and everything was off !
I enjoyed my glass of Sangiovese , and my husband enjoyed his cocktail .
Definitely my go to burger joint .
We were in Center City today for PIFA and decided to get some hot fried chicken from this place .
Best wings in Indy .
they poured a full mug of hot water with the grinds , which inevitably overflowed and spilled down the sides of the mug ) .
They gave me input on what was good and what was not .
I just ca n't understand how a restaurant that specializes in cooking eggs can be so bad at it .
Best Pizza we have had in a long time ! !
My daughter had the Caesar salad and said it was good , it looked it , but the dressing was a little strong / fishy for her tastes .
Our waitress , Erica , is always nice and on top of making sure our drinks are topped off before we even ask .
The wait was n't worth it .
Restaurant is extremely dated & service poor .
followed by some yogurt :D
I followed it up with an Almond Joy martini .
Their meat choices were good , but no better than I could find at many other restaurants ( or AJ 's ) in town .
The food is typical bar food & nothing to rave about .
I liked her confidence .
Service was good & the waitor was exceptionally knowledgable of menu .
And the coffee was good too .
( Put a quick - service bar up there with a jukebox and some tables , and you 've got another meeting area set up ! ) .
We will be back for other dishes and being fairly close , within 2 miles I am sure we are in their delivery range .
While I can not comment on the quality of food I can say their service is absolutely horrendous .
And the parking lot there sucks .
Oh well there 's tons of pizza joints in Tampa .
Nice cold bed of lettuce and a big heaping of meat on top .
Heard this place from a friend .
I 've never seen a server so dedicated , kudos !
My husband got the canelones and really liked those too .
The simple and spare Japanese décor suggested an interesting meal .
The art of music and film was amazing to watch .
Pesto chicken and chucks special pizza where unique and wonderful !
The staff is really helpful and friendly .
The service was excellent as always .
Had a great experience , will definitely be back soon .
Tried their mint iced tea which was refreshing .
Every time she sits a table & waits on it , it takes forever to get back to your table .
It has a cool location , and the service is friendly and prompt .
Even the side salad was drowning in its oily dressing .
When you first break apart that first piece , you can just watch the steam seep out and breathe in that lovely scent .
Located in the Northeast which certainly does n't have an abundance of places to eat .
This place was alright !
We finally asked for our check , since there was no sense in getting desert or coffee ( or diner ) .
The kids do love this place because if the play area , and the picnic tables .
I have no complaint but am just curious about the tax they added to my receipt .
In a sea of Rittenhouse cheese steaks , this was a nice relief .
Definitely a great place for the community !
The stuffed pork chop was overcooked and oversalted and the pear stuffing did n't quite go that well with it ( somewhat bitter ? ) .
Service was OK - there was a long wait between appetizer and entrees , and for a while our water glasses were very neglected .
Usually when I eat beef I feel heavy and bloated because of the red meat .
To be clear , I wanted to give this place all the stars because I loved the idea !
Not sure why others seem to be enthralled with it .
The pirtiins are large .
It 's a bit expensive , but as long as you come hungry and thirsty you definitely get your money 's worth !
I was expecting more since I LOVE the one in Lexington ...
A banana and strawberry for everyone too .
The wings I ordered were over cooked and unseasoned and dry .
The French Macaroons are awesome and try some of the other cookies and assorted goods as well .
Luv this place
After this dining experience , my wife and I wished we had just spent $ 10 for 2 large 1 topping Little Ceasar 's pizzas .
My husband ordered a calzone that was soggy and greasy .
The drinks at the bar are great , the band and deck are fun , but the food and wine are absolutely amazing !
Overall I would come back but its not on the top of my list .
Drive - thru had about 10 cars in line , so I decided to go inside .
Those were the best Alaskan crab legs I 've had .
the ice cream arrived at the same time , but we said we needed to go .
They have outside seating which is great for watching the people stroll by and friendly staff !
Ordered the coconut curry ramen and it was so delicious .
nice work .
Aldine had been on my to - try nearly since it opened .
Really good food and great service !
Our large group ordered a wide variety of dishes and we were very happy with all of them .
And they have some very nice restaurants .
This place is a real treat to have in the Northwest .
We had a couple mimosas- the classic and sponge bob .
My fish was undercooked , floppy , gloppy and bloody .
I came back here for the second time to see if I 'd feel the same and I was unfortunately let down with the food .
Pho 36 's Grilled Prok Banh Mi met all my criteria .
I 'd say if you 're looking for good seafood you 'd be better off at any BYOB ; little fish , audrey claire , ANYWHERE but Dinardo 's .
The thick spicy chips were yummy ( possibly homemade ? ) .
We started with the Abalone for an appetizer which was really good ; perfectly seasoned and cooked .
The burger : easily the tastiest burger I have found in Nashville .
What an awesome idea from a group of people who clearly love what they do .
They know a lot about the seafood and oysters .
Seating inside is all large wooden booths and there 's outdoor courtyard seating as well .
My husband had a classic sandwich and ate every bite .
Like the last thing I want is Nashville 's version of Chicago fare but I wanted to watch the Cubs game .
It really is just like a giant sushi roll that 's not sliced but for convenience sake , it does the job .
The basics were the best .
I tried the egg on Gouda crepe with bacon which was delicious and well stuffed .
She then offered to have different entrees made which we declined - we 'd already been there for a little while .
I got myself the 7 oz Steak Burger and my girlfriend got the Cheesesteak and they were both great .
So I , like most people , stumbled in due to the lore of the show .
However the waitress was soo uninterested in us , never asked to refill our coffee , an had no personality .
Occasionally , the chef makes mole sauce and if available , then you 're in for a real treat .
Called in my order and she said it 'd be ready in 20 .
Right off the Pinellas Trail with a nice sized patio so this it 's really convenient lunch stop on a long ride .
we waited an interminable amount of time ( 40 ) minutes for a couple of salads .
So , I 'm in Nashville for the weekend with friends and we were looking up places to go to for breakfast in the area .
I did n't get a drink this time around .
Their thai bubble tea is extremely tasty too !
There 's not much room for seating inside , but at the time there was a local band playing so we sat in the patio area .
You can really judge a place by the way customers are treated , especially when things do n't go smoothly .
I ordered takeout .
The service was great and the food came out fast .
The pizza is great .
But alas , this dish is quite perfect .
2 . ) If I express surprise at their being a charge , please do n't tell me I do n't have to have it .
I enjoyed the hot pot meal .
They have a TV to watch games and some people were studying there .
There is real quality there .
My wife had an avocado chicken wrap and they were accommodating to make it into a salad for her as well .
We were too full for dessert .
If we pass this way again , we 'll be back .
Service was outstanding even though we had a very large group(high - school reunion ) .
The chops were also served without the teriyaki sauce and were quite overcooked ( she let me try a piece ) .
It was very good , but next time I 'll ask the price before I order !
The bakery is amazing , the glazed donuts and canolis are the best .
If there was a bigger sign we would have found this place sooner lol .
Ordered the gator bites and creole potatoes .
The place is slowly starting to get more crowded , but I 'm enjoying my slightly empty sunday dinners .
We also always order spring rolls ( eat wrapped in lettuce ) and she shaken beef/ bo luc lac .
The price was reasonable , but not noteworthy .
Don Day is definitely a hidden gem .
This place was lively and groovy .
So , I 've concluded , you must know the level of " Hotness " you like when choosing where to dine on Indian food .
That being said , I love this place !
My lunch included a small portion of jerk chicken , collard greens , and apparently cabbage .
If I do n't want to spend $ 200 for dinner I do n't go to Barkley Prime !
Loved the atmosphere .
right down to the ruffle cut carrots .
We ended up eating here 3 times over 5 days .
The guy called me back , told me he was making the pizza in a rush and was n't charging me for it .
Meats marinated and cooked to perfection ..
Definitely go for the escargot and baked Brie .
It looks like a late 80 's , early 90 's bachelor pad .
Everything was fresh and tasty , zero complaints .
The toddler had the kids ravioli .
Now is a great time to go and enjoy Jackon 's .
I like the tostadas and enchiladas .
Thought we would try this place out for a quick bite with the kids .
for bringing this new gem in my neighborhood to my attention .
Two words , rude and expensive .
We get take out from there instead of eating in , the parking lot is insane and the take out is just as good as table service .
The ziggy burger was the best thing I 've ever had .
Always a great experience at Texas Roadhouse house .
I got the drunken noodle last night .
The MrB 's BBQ'd shrimp was my favorite , very smoky and peppery and full of flavor .
My only whine is that acoustically , the band space is far from perfect .
I had the crusted scallops for dinner and they were delicious !
He made the experience !
They get a second star because they let us keep the rolls that they served us by mistake , but I wo n't be back .
Reminded me of all the nice restaurants up there .
Slamming is the first word that comes to mind when wanting to describe this place !
Overall , we had very good food that I am still thinking about days later .
Also the coffee there is amazing .
I asked for extra salsa , and they said I had to pay for it !
So if you ca n't get an omelet right , how can I trust anything else on the menu ?
After years of living here ( and prompted by some drinking the night before ) , I finally decided to try Bui 's for breakfast .
A few of the reviews seem to show a very different experience between the service at the table and at the bar .
I wish they would offer wheat wraps but i 'm just getting a little picky .
Table crammed into a corner with a very obstructed view of the music .
Lol ! ) Jamone was nice enough to give me a little taste of everything , so I could pick .
This was delicious bar b que !
It came with tuna , shrimp , and scallops .
The host / waiter certainly was accommodating so service was not the issue .
Went to the Florida Aquarium and found this place after .
Best carnitas tacos and guacamole in town !
As a result , we ended up getting salads , which were uninspiring .
Overall , I loved this place .
I was in the vicinity recently and decided to check Ballyhoo out again .
But then , the special treat .
We frequent here on Thursday nights for Quizzo .
You get the buffet and unlimited margaritas , sangria red and white , Bloody Mary , and mimosa .
I would relate it fairly close to a Pei Wei type restaurant as the closest comparison .
He said the order was put it at 3:59 it looked like .
The barista used Hershey 's syrup !
It came on a bed of red and green chile peppers , and green bell peppers .
The waiter was nice , I had the luke burger and it was average , the bottom bun was soggy from the grease ...
Wings are amazingly flavorful !
This has become our favorite spot in te hood for sandwiches .
I had a burger and my wife got the eggs with short ribs , both of which we loved .
This place was a great choice !
Their mojoto are good tho .
I 'm definitely a fan of this place , but I agree with commentary on the other yelp reviews .
My friends and I came here for brunch .
The restaurant was nearly empty and had 3 servers , and 3 in the kitchen and poke .
The staff is extremely helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly .
Great pear and Gorgonzola pizza , but actually the BBQ pizza was even better .
Then I saw the table next to me ( which arrived 30 min after us ) served not one but two taco plates .
I tasted the wings , they were doused with sauce .
The Eggplant fries were over - cooked , however slightly .
Never have I had such a delicious crepe outside of Paris , maybe even in Paris .
A must - go breakfast place in the main part of Downtown Santa Barbara .
We stopped by to check out the hoopla around this restaurant .
Delivery was on time and warm , but they forgot napkins and silverware which was a bummer .
This is not an Edley 's specific issue .
Awesome place , highly recommend .
Great waiter , Kevin , brought is tablet to identify fish .
I went here for lunch and started off with the crawfish bisque and it was the perfect way to start off a chilly morning .
Stumbled in here after a kayaking trip around 6 pm on a Saturday and it was eerily quiet but I was starving .
The food is great and creative .
However do n't order the potato chips with blue cheese .
At this locations there is no place to sit and eat , and it 's not really comfortable to order and wait .
My sides were excellent and the whole meal was a success .
It 's not easy to find quality Asian cuisine in TN and this is a great spot with quality food .
With the variety and quality of restaurants in the city , I felt like this was just an okay experience .
I 'm pulling for the clean , farm fresh approach , though .
Breakfast was cooked too long and came out a little crispy !
I 've stuck to the lamb and beef chaats , but all of them are pretty tasty .
The beef was good , but a bit dry .
I can say that the wait was truly worth it .
Food was amazing , atmosphere was great ( music was perfect ) , Waitress was sweet and attentive , and the margaritas were a hit .
I live in VA but I 'd drive all the way back to Philly for those cannolis .
So basically I had potato soup with fries , yay carbs .
It was my last night in the NOLA area , but I did n't want to travel far or pay outrageous prices for a meal .
Just watch out for the biscuits and gravy and fried potatoes .
Love the courtyard and the coffee ...
Just returned from Thailand and I think I like Pim 's cooking better !
After the owner hired more staff ( as it was impossible to work all the time herself ) the coffee suffered .
The place I go when I 'm in the area .
Our cheap table wobbled like a prop in a comedy film .
Unfortunately , that is not the case , and since my initial review and I 've only been back twice .
I had the turkey chili that was okay .
The pasta was under cooked and stuck together .
But the tacos are also outstanding , especially nice with those little pickled carrots .
The owner / chef really cares about the customers .
I had the Peartini , and it was a unique blend of vodka and pear .
The sandwiches are really tasty .
I had the catfish nuggets for an appetizer and BBQ shrimp for dinner .
However , the food was all good !
Hidden alley location makes it a special find !
I think this is my all time favorite burger .
The corn tortillas are thick , so thick they kind of fall apart when you 're eating your tacos .
Went years ago and loved it returned the other night and our food was less than mediocre .
The ribeye was spot on mid - rare .
Too little potato and too much grease .
The fish is really good , and the rolls are very creative .
We were visiting from out of town and choose Ron 's because of positive online reviews , and proximity to our hotel .
The sweet tea tasted old and like the server threw a packet of sugar in a glass of unsweetened tea and called it a day .
A new favorite of mine .
Their chocolate chip cookie was good and they have a fresh brewed sweet tea ! ! !
I think it 's good for our budget they are n't open Monday and Tuesday !
Dropped by for lunch after church because we were craving burgers .
Thanks for a lovely evening out , Reeds Amerian Table !
Literally could n't swallow more then 3 bites .
The final time I ate there : once again my early order for a grilled cheese was late .
He was the Best , made our evening !
As we finished up our meal , I chose to eat a salvageable portion of the injera that had all the juices soaked into it .
I asked if he were a surgeon because that 's what it would take to get through the tendons , ligaments and muscle .
I 'm not a huge fan of Tucson but I 'm seriously planning on flying back there just for some more Fish Taco 's .
The good service , ambience , and cleanliness make the value a solid 3 ( out of 5 ) for me .
Prices were very reasonable and was cool to see the Route 66 mural and the license plates from different states .
My favorite is the Chicken Souvlaki and potato salad followed up with their cannoli 's .
The calamari was cooked perfectly and not rubbery .
This is like a high class Benihana 's .
My husband and I ate here for our first time after seeing the Yelp reviews and menu .
But my entree had a live bug crawling around on it .
So we had to ask for more beverages , and the staff did not bring any .
I had the eggs benedict , and my daughter had the biscuits and gravy , with a side of hash browns .
On top of that , the portions were not sized right for our group so most left hungry and the service was poor .
However , the real turn - off is the price .
Mmmmm , you 'll think you died and went to Germany , without the jet lag !
The thing I really love about Snackbar is the great atmosphere .
The shrimp were cooked over charcoal and that made all the difference .
Taste was just ok .
The waitstaff has all been super pleasant even when they are really busy .
Most importantly I wanted to note that they have the nicest delivery guys I 've ever interacted with .
The buffet is small and did not offer dessert except for grapes .
The only knock on this place is that they did n't have all the pools open during Memorial Day weekend .
I would definitely recommend this place , even if it 's a bit of a drive .
The waitstaff and bartenders are on point , outgoing , friendly , and most importantly , quite prompt .
Elmo was not very impressed with the service or quality of food .
My husbands steak was awful .
This restaurant is over rated .
The Caesar salad was lemony yet rich with anchovies and shaved parm .
And the place is only 75 % full
I understand this is just a chain store but as a costumer you still expect to not be treated rudely .
I also had a vanilla latte which was yummy .... no extra sweeteners needed .
The fries were a little overdone and also somewhat flavorless , which is probably why you get a cup of sauce to dip them in .
The owner is usually behind the bar or somewhere in the restaurant making sure things are running smoothly .
Finally saw the inside and did not expect it to look like a plain , old building .
I ordered the lamb tacos , Tennessee tavern fries , and cinnamon roll bread pudding .
A bit spendy for a 12 " GF pizza ( 24 $ ) , however worth it because of cravings for normal food !
The crowd pretty much seemed like all tourist types .
As for dessert , we ordered churros which was perfect for sharing !
We got the good table , but little else to make the night memorable .
Very spacious for such a low price and the views are great .
I went to Marrakesh for my first time Saturday night .
Taste was ok , but was n't anything special at all .
Very personable and knowledgable about their selections .
Actually took me a little while to eat my second taco .
Glad I gave this place a second chance .
It is summer and this is an outdoor venue .
My husband and I practically live here , and have through the past 8 years or so .
The bar style seating at the window is nice .
This is no where near as good as Tony Angelo 's and way overpriced .
I love sauce and enjoyed the variety .
So pizza is pizza , so I was n't expecting anything grand .
I tried the crawfish , which was good but too salty .
I felt like I was in an old - school chain restaurant , like a place out of the early 90s .
Love having this spot on the west side !
The older place at Old Town was more relaxed with the timings .
The omelette was made with very little cheese .
Their dishes are very authentic Chinese cooking and everything we had tasted great .
Great food and great service !
Elmo 's was booked and heard this place was just as good and under the same ownership .
That 's a rare thing in my book .
When you come in , you place an order and pay , then they bring the food to the table for you .
We ordered the cobb salad .
It was nice that the quesadilla came with guac .
We were in the mood for tacos and this place had great reviews so we headed over .
We thought they were just going to substitute noodles with rice !
I did enjoy the NCAALE & the mocha java porter .
( No , my opinion about the food was n't biased by his experience .
The restaurant was super busy but the service was top notch and we had no complaints , great atmosphere .
I immediately call back and tell him the entire amount will be contested and he says he will credit my charge card .
Great place to come !
It 's a cute place for a nice relaxing evening , or mornings .
This hotel is located near the Tampa International airport .
Not a good place to stop on a lunch break when you need to be in the office in an hour .
Best apple fritter in StL ! ! !
$ 0.75 oysters everyday 3 - 6 pm !
And since I was already going kind of Jewish , I decided to get the matzo ball soup with it .
Very generous serving at low prices .
I 'm a grown up .
I had the karee curry ( sp ? ) - Tuesday special , and my colleague had the pad woonsen ( glassy noodles ) .
The worst of it seems to be the past few months .
( Please see pic ) The bread sticks were decent .
I had read mixed reviews about this place so had to try it myself .
If it 's your first visit , get the cuban sandwich , the congris , and the sweet plantains .
We left with full bellies then went to the Red Garter for a mind - numbing strip club experience .
My son had an omelet and Belgium waffles !
It 's a fast casual type of restaurant so you order at the register , take a number , and the food is brought to you .
They serve Illy coffee & it is oh so yummy .
We came back AGAIN a few weeks ago when a friend was visiting from LA .
Tasty , but I did n't see a difference between them vs fries fried in any other kind of oil .
When the food came , there were more things we did n't order , and we sent back .
By the time you leave you 're going to wish you had .
He dropped off our food , but left the table so fast that we could n't even ask for sauce for our tacos .
Every time we go , the service is slow .
My husband had the huevos rancheros and I had their signature biscuits skillet and I literally can not wait to go back !
The Caramel Cake is my favorite , but all of the cakes are delicious .
I ca nt remember if it was 9 or 10 pm ....
What kept it from having only 1 star ?
This place is huge !
Thy had a roasted pepper and Gouda soup that as fantastic and went well with the grillcheese I had .
The salad I ordered was fine , but nothing to write home about , and definitely left me feeling hungry .
Nice crowds at the bar area .
It 's a great place with good food and genuinely nice people .
I 'm a sucker for good Italian .
The waitstaff are n't the most friendliest and almost look like they would much rather not ve there .
It 's nice to have a healthy place to go to .
We ordered a small plate they were out of the main ingredient .
The duck had a good flavor but was ( in my opinion ) way overcooked .
I am not typically a pancake person , but these were great .
Is that worth it when you can eat for less up the block at Vernick , etc ?
I mean they are n't out of a box ...
I 've been a long time fan of Torresdale Avenue but love the vibe of the Girard scene .
Anyways , I went around 9:15 and the line was n't too bad - I 'd say a 5 - 10 minute wait .
The hurricanes are amazing !
The diablo beans should be avoided if you do n't have an office with a door that you can close .
It was very conscience that to hop on an elevator , walk a few feet , and end up here .
My husband enjoyed the Ethiopian dark beer .
If you stay there and watch them make your sammie , they ca n't mess up .
I remain highly optimistic for this place .
The food is expensive and mediocre at best , but the drinks are pretty awesome .
Home made Steak sauce on the side was awesome .
I feel like this should be a group effort .
Cool location and cool place , but not sure we would go back based on this visit as there are better options near by .
I feel as if this restaurant is going downhill .
Just order a few things for take out , the people doing take out were amazing .
I have been to the Depot on many occasions and they have never let me down !
I literally had about 6 gnocchi 's and was hoping maybe the waitress or hostess would ask if my food was okay but they did n't .
We made a reservation , which I would recommend doing as well .
Try the gumbo it 's amazin ! ! ! ! ! !
He actually just motioned at the water once instead of asking if we wanted more .
Yes , it 's small and there 's usually a wait .
The pineapple fried rice that I ordered was very delicious .
The chef has acquired ideas from his studies in both South America and Europe .
Celebrating my mothers graduation , we decided to stop in and get a little messy on some seafood! ..... or Vietnamese noodles .
So lets see ..... 80 's music and dollar sake night or poledancing show nlght ... its a tough choice .
The food quality is excellent , and prices are good -- good value for the money .
Charbroiled oysters are the bomb .
I visited with my Apollo Beach - based daughter and we had the most - wonderful lunch .
Ricardo 's is a great Italian restaurant in Lafayette Square .
I suppose , if anything , the menu may have seemed a little bit over - priced - at least for what I ordered .
Had the burger and the city sandwich .
We thought we were eating week old leftovers .
And that 's because it is , because they have n't eaten Tex - Mex in San Antonio , TX , for example .
Last time I was here I had the turtle soup ( amazing ! ) and gator burger ( not too amazing ) .
A lot of the seafood is fresh , as you can see them fetching it from the live tanks after you order !
Did wait a bit for the food though .
Last time I had an omelet and it was quite generous .
I have a big appetite and was actually pretty full at the end of everything .
For now , meh on all fronts except the neat interior and pretty awesome wait staff .
a group of 4 of us went for lunch after a movie .
Everyone was happy with their meal and the well - priced wine .
My guy Aaron at Kroger 79th and fall creek makes it better !
I 'm amazed they can sell this and call it food .
Poor business ethics .
We were not so thrilled about our food that we will be rushing back there .
It was a lot of fun and I will be back service was good food was good atmosphere was good a really nice time was had by all .
Kai lan ( gai lan ) is one of my favourite Chinese vegetable ( Chinese broccoli if you have n't had it before ) .
First of all , the service was terrible .
My problem was that it was pretty much identical to a chicken parmesan .
I was n't sure what to expect but I 've been looking for a really great sandwich place in Nashville and finally tried 51st .
I ca n't help but be a repeat offender of their Rainbow bowl .
The sandwiches were meh , the ice was meh , the place was dirty , and the staff was not friendly .
The staff was wonderful and informative about all menu items .
Do n't be fooled by the fact that it 's called " salad"--it was more like dessert .
The atmosphere of this market is great .
Mac Mart is very small so not ideal for crowds .
You ca n't stand in line without making eye contact with someone beautiful .
Having heard all the craze for Honey 's , I finally managed to make it out for a brunch .
I love bacon in any shape or form , so I did n't seem to mind the lack of grease .
My sister had a patty melt .
More than two staff plus chef came to the table to check on our meal and if we were enjoying our meal .
Nicely done guys .
I like them medium rare and they were quite successful in that regard .
I ordered BBQ ribs which were the best I 've ever had .
Highly recommend , service was wonderful , food was amazing and fresh , all over a good time !
Ordered food came super fast !
I expected the service and dining to be of the same quality as my many other experiences .
The ribs were n't ready cause they have to smoke for 9 hours .
Do n't get me wrong i like hot food but it burnt my son 's mouth .
The chicken was pretty good but nothing to run over there for .
Nice decor and great service .
SIXTH : Brownie Sundae--- I thought I could n't fit anymore food in my stomach ..
Not a great first experience at Pastorcito .
Ambiance : Home - y but very small and cramped .
I am glad to see some good QUE in our area !
Sbraga had unique choices for every course .
If you want fancy this is n't the place for you !
He mentioned that he was a singer , i thought maybe we 'd be treated to a serenade .
When you walk inside through the arch you begin to smell the baked goods and coffees being made .
The owner Brad is really friendly helpful with the menu and just overall welcoming and makes you feel like a longtime friend
The beignets are fantastic and the wait was virtually nonexistent .
The owners are very friendly & service is fast & excellent !
Usual taco salad .
It had some of those self - service taps you sometimes see at large sportsbars , but we did n't try them out .
So whether you get the chicken parm sub , the italian hoagie , or the tuna sub - it will be one of the best you 've ever had .
If you ever eat here ( and I hope you do ) you have to get a cup of this bisque .
Portion size was very good as well .
It 's the digestive tract , and therefore I bet you can guess what that actually is .
Really laid back during the day but after 6 forget me being there .
Very good tartar sauce .
I highly recommend the Fancy Roll , the Yummy Roll , and the pot stickers are amazing .
There is also counter seating .
I also did n't love the granola they used .
One thing I will note ( that our server told us ) is that they are very big on catering to food allergies ( especially gluten ) .
The lettuce in the salad was brown and the pizza is forgetful .
The patio is nice ; a lot more relaxed and much quieter , but the smell of bottled gas from the kitchen can get pretty intrusive .
She was lovely , funny and helpful as was her co - worker .
food is always excellent and its a great local place to meet friends .
The fried green tomato Blt was very tasty ... I will come back for brunch .
I just do n't get it , why are n't more people in LOVE with your cup of goodness ?
My favorite dishes are the chicken salad flatbread , or any of the salads .
Our first time to Tucson .
Staff was friendly and knowledgeable !
See , other people can do it , why ca n't Anjou ?
The longest I waited for it to be refilled was two minutes .
Our server was very , very friendly but the food was meh at best .
The owner 's take pride in their place and it shows .
The buffet at Essene is so good that she requests to come here for a meal every time we go fabric shopping on 4th street !
I started with the tomato soup while my friend started with the lamb meatballs .
You know the melty part of a banana split at the bottom of the bowl that nobody likes ... we did n't find it here ! ! ! !
For the price of $ 14-$15 for that big bowl , you think it 's worth it .
Nasty place that smells like a 100 year old trailer that 's been smoked in .....
I went here for a work lunch and it was fantastic .
A very laid - back and friendly atmosphere in both locations .
As far as comparing him to Mama 's , I do enjoy Mama 's , but the Falafel truck takes the cake in my opinion .
My favorites are the Lamb Sliders , the Lobster Eggrolls , the Feta Fries and the delicious Pork Belly .
After a few visits , they welcomed me and my dog as family .
The kimchi rice is my new favorite dish .
The restaurant is very small and there is very little seating .
The chef even agreed to some special meal requests for our children .
This is the best Caribbean food in town , hands down .
My wife ordered the softshell crabs which were delicious , but we could nt finish them because our dishes were cleared .
Also the mac and cheese for the kids were homemade , down to the pasta .
When I got home I discovered they were too lazy to put the pickles and onions on .
Ok , you know that smell of wet dog , that s how the wings taste .
The staff was all great .
Welcome to the neighborhood !
We have eaten here about 100 times and have never been disappointed .
Mayeb if I try something else , I 'll change my tune , but I am really happy with Nannie Francos .
We really enjoyed the house cheese burger , cooked medium rare just as ordered , flavor filled and juicy .
Coconut ice cream , green tea ice cream , mango and sticky rice ; we decided to taste some of each other 's desserts .
We learned that they are made fresh every morning onsite .
If we ever go back to New Orleans , we will definitely visit this place again !
Every time ( but one ) , we 've ordered , and gotten the food within an house .
Unlike some of the " hip " mexican places you 'll find in New Orleans ; here you get an actual handmade corn tortilla .
In general , I love this place .
We were in town visiting for my birthday weekend and winded up here after a wasted experience at Warm Daddys .
After one visit I felt pretty satisfied .
Son 's carne asana was flavorful , but overlooked .
The customer service was great .
About 15 mins later I had dutifully cleaned my plate and he comes back and says snidely " Are you done , NOW ? "
Excellent location .
Food was good and service was excellent .
They really do a great job at our Chuck E.
Perfect burger stop on our way home down the coast .
The inside has many seats as well .
Kind of put a damper on things .
Everything about this place is huge !
Went here for an early Monday dinner ( around 6:30pm ) and only a few tables were occupied .
There was seating out front , and a nice little back patio area , and the bar went all around .
I would recommend a different place , but this one is fine .
We ordered fried green tomatoes and vegetable latkas for appetizers and they all disappeared .
The onion rings are also very tasty - just make sure you ask for them extra crispy .
Oh , and do yourself a favor ... get the chocolate chip cookie .
If we came back I would get a poboy , but I would n't go out of my way to return .
Inside , like many other bars in Nashville , is smokey .
And it was child friendly which always scores well with me .
The environment is cool and the service was awesome .
The biggest plus is we got out 15 minutes before the game , around 6:45 .
The turkey chili was quite delicious , and I give it a good recommendation .
Eh , do n't believe the hype on this place , its obvious most of these people have not been to DC and had real Ethiopian .
That must have come from the steaming of the meat .
As you walk in and approach the counter you can see the different protein choices , salsas , rice , etc .
cheese fries are awesome .
In what world does French toast = deep fried bread ?
I was quite reluctant to try the Montecito Wine Bistro , but I had an Axxess deal ...
Enjoyed every bit of this steam boat tour !
I had the weekly champion burger , The Vermont Breakfast .
At first glance , these look like donut holes .
The location is very casual , the inside consists of more bar like and stool seating .
Definitely would go back for the pizza though ! !
Born and raised in Chicago , this is better then other pizza in Nashville but still " off " from the real deal .
I had a really great first visit to Growler 's Taphouse !
I will get straight to the point .....
As greasy of a meal as this made , it was one of the better fried platters I 've had anywhere .
The service is unbelievable for what I 'm paying .
Food was alright .
This restaurant is fine and a good choice if you are craving Italian food , but I generally prefer other places in West Chester .
I just started ordering from this place ... so far , so good .
My wife loved their coffee , I loved everything ...
Nice ambiance .
I ca nt wait to try the pizza next time .
My other favorite splurge is getting the amazing king cakes at Mardi Gras time .
For the price and quantity we had here , it blows every single place we go to locally , right out of the water .
This place is the epitome of a great hole in the wall find .
My favorites are the steamed dumplings , egg drop soup and boba teas .
The downsides include the very small tables , weird seating arrangements and rock hard seats .
These servers went through the place with precision , dusting , wiping , washing and primping every aspect of the restaurant .
Kuzina , as with many popular restaurants , is much easier to get in to without a wait in the Summer .
Even the"fondue " for the tots was above par .
They 've cancelled our orders numerous of times without due reason .
The food was tasty and fresh and the service was friendly enough .
The atmosphere is also super cool .
Just to be clear , the noise level was through the roof !
I have no intention of ever going back there .
You ca n't go wrong with a plain pie , but if you 'd like a change I 'd recommend the Margherita , Trenton , or buffalo !
Visiting SB from the Midwest and after a long day in wine country , our host treated us to carry out Pizza Mizza .
My fav thing to get for dessert is the scoop of icecream with the praline sauce ahhhhh sooooo yummmyyyy omg ...
I purchased a Groupon for this restaurant .
Surprising to me- carrot was the most popular flavor !
You order at the counter and they bring it out to you .
I called , and they offered to give me a free sandwich on a future order .
Walking in , there 's a birds eye view of various pastries , goodies and this day ...
My husband and I decided to try The Silverspoon this morning for breakfast .
Service was on point and the cuisine from appetizer to dessert was second to none in the Bay Area !
I had a twice baked potato as my side , and was n't impressed .
The two chicks are awesome ! ! !
They have a bunch of interesting / creative rolls , and the fish is fresh and tasty .
This was a great lunch outing before Christmas .
I do n't usually let service bother me as long as the food holds up but I just do n't like her .
I asked if they had a lot of garlic and he said not at all .
Not very hungry for this meal which was too bad as everyone seemed to enjoy their burgers .
The cheapest option is to get just veggies .
The brunch menu was n't too interesting , but overall the food quality is good .
I had a Groupon that was about to expire so I took my parents out to dinner .
Its tasty and much different than any other breakfast you can get in the city .
Excellent place !
It is a smoking bar so be aware of that and it gets pretty bad when they are busy .
I was n't entirely sure their food would transport well but luckily it all arrived in tact and still quite pretty .
I 've also had breakfast at Michael 's and that was delicious too .
Overall , for my first time ordering here , I was pleased .
The meal in particular was an apple cinnamon pancake with eggs and bacon for $ 9.99 .
This is a GOOD thing .
we were promised 5 - 6 course with wine pairings and what we got was a menu of heaven .
We literally waited an hour and a half for all of our food to reach the table and not all of us got our food .
Honestly , I would recommend this place for takeout , especially if you ca n't eat outside .
This was purchased for myself and my co - workers for lunch recently and I had never heard of them but I really enjoyed it .
Already have posted to FB and many friends said they will no longer eat there .
The breakfast burrito with brisket was incredible .
Lastly , the Mac and cheese , it was good and flavorful , but absolutely overshadowed by the nachos and wings .
They 're most famous for their tortas ( Mexican sandwiches ) but I 've never ordered an item I did n't enjoy .
Even worse were the implements served with the appetizers .
The ribs were burnt or over cooked .
The lovely wife and I had 8:15 OpenTable reservations on a recent Saturday .
This is a great date spot or a spot to go eat with friends .
I found the food to be overpriced for the quality .
But tonight 's experience was bad at best .
I did not order a cocktail or beer because , honestly , I was feeling cheap and cocktails are $ 12 and small .
They served glass bottle sodas which personally is something I love .
Very fair prices too .
The service was great ; I went with a big group and they were super accomodating .
The wait staff is friendly and they do n't rush you .
Not only was customer service the furthest thing from any employees mind , the food was terrible .
I walked in , and the snooty hostesses told me there was a 40 min wait .
Very good food , good service , I felt it was rather pricey .
My friend was celebrating a birthday so I included that in the notes when making the reservation .
We had made reservations so there was no problem with seating .
None raw .
Ordered another , got a full glass of ketel 1 with a splash of cran , it was OK .
The salmon with exotic mushrooms was phenomenal .
My grandson wanted his 5th birthday party to be here and he loved it !
There are better places to eat in the french quarter .
My wife told me to motion for the check , but I do n't want to have to do that .
Unusual to like rice that much There 's a skilled cook back in the kitchen for sure .
The donuts too were out of the park - had the mango pink peppercorn and enjoyed it immediately .
Meal was hot , fresh , flavorful and an excellent recommendation .
Watch out Pancake Pantry , there is a new breakfast joint in " the Village " !
The food is average .
Be patient , it 's definitely worth the wait .
I aswered with a cold : " interesting ... "
My over easy eggs were , in my most generous interpretation , over medium .
This is 1 of hubby and my favorite " date night " spots .
I chose not to eat there because of the reviews .
We had the fried game hen and the tile fish for mains .
Located in the suburbs , Morning Call serves beignets just like its rival Cafe Du Monde .
is the best pizza I have ever eaten , period .
A bit on the pricey side especially for just a lunch .
Waiter was terrible .
The fried rice came with a side of hot chili oil that was really good as well .
I 'm in Wilmington extensively for business and this is the third " re - do " of Toscana , now Piccolina Toscana , I 've experienced .
Most are either way too expensive or way too sucky .
Lots of fancy LED lighting and a bit of tacky fish oriented decorations too , but , it 's nice and comfortable and contemporary .
If I did go back I 'd probably go with raw oysters and stay away from the fried foods .
Truly , the Skyway Cafe is one of those perfect Brunch spots .
There are a lot of different rooms and a ton of windows .
And how could you forget those crazy clowns ?
However , and a big however is the take - out experience .
It was very fresh and the portion was average for nicer restaurants .
Any further words from me could n't possibly express my adoration of their fine culinary work .
The service , however , was fine .
and if you have cash to blow ( but I wo n't let that subtract a review star )
Huge pieces and weird rolls .
I prefer this place over Banana Leaf or Penang in the Chinatown area .
On the most recent visit , which , I swear , will be the last , my croque monsieur was cold and my coffee sat empty .
Never been here before today and never ever going back .
No apology for taking so long , nothing .
The entree came with bread that was very good .
These guys are really nice and were unbelievably generous with their space .
They were so full of flavor , the cauliflower crust totally holds up , it was so darn good .
After our first round , I waited at least 20 minutes at the bar before a bartender even made eye contact with me .
Worst customer service I 've ever had outside of the previous bully 's that closed down !
Sometimes the bartender does a crappy job of swirling it , & the ratio of sangria to margarita is waaaaaay off balance .
I had a burger saturday and probably wo n't do that again for a while .
I recommend the Thai tea , the pad Thai ( though it is more savory ) , the pad see iew , and the pineapple fried rice .
Ok Momos , I have never run out on a check here , but really get it together .
Overall , it 's better than most of other BBQ places in the city but not the best .
The Nook is located in one of those centers one can drive by a million times and never really notice .
The service was friendly and quick and the balcony was nice .
He is definitely one of the reason we keep on coming back to this restaurant .
First bit of fabulousness : Upon being seated , I ordered coffee .
This place does n't want your business ! !
The chef recommended I get the red fish but I did not want that .
It is not at all what you think when you think of barbecue .
Quite a busy place - you can drive into the pier and park at the restaurant - 90 mins free with validation .
Went recently for a birthday party and it was certainly worth checking out .
Lots of good choices on the menu imo .
There are some wonderful people who work at this Subway .
The crab cake sliders just hit the spot .
Employees were courteous and professional .
While not bad , the food felt overwhelmed by veggies .
The pull was clean and the flavor was good .
Amazing presentation of food , staff and atmosphere !
Would it be my first choice for Mexican ?
A very good meal .
This time the repetition was n't comical .
The tabouleh was SOUR - like salad dunked in a bottle of fish sauce sour .
My wife and I are foodies who travel a lot .
She did apologize and offered to get French toast for me but I was hungry and had a headache and wanted to eat something .
We felt like take out so I called ahead and ordered a veal parmigiana and pasta entree to share with my husband .
In today 's environment where everything is buffet style or overly pretentious this is a welcome change .
I do have a couple of questions .
We will be back for sure & if you want great pizza and great prices then that s the place to go .
The customer service was great as well !
Great pizza as always .
I had a great old fashion .
For our first main course we ordered the Spicy Chicken in Cumin Sauce , and for the second Tajine of Lamb .
And the prices were crazy !
I was also able to take a bite of their veggie burger , which caused the 4star for me .
Terrible meal all around .
The yogurt stations are in a space about as wide as a hall that is lined with tables on one side .
The food should have been much better and the service was lacking .
We showed up with a group of 30 on Saturday night and they could not have been nicer .
The chicken is delicious with just the tiniest bit of heat .
The staff was phenomenal !
My food was cold and not the In N Out I know .
I miss Al 's more than I miss my friends and family because I still talk to them on the phone .
I really loved the tasty and seasoned grilled chicken sandwich .
Filet mignon and scallops are superb .
Manager was even there and not helpful at all .
They have a huge variety and it is delicious .
I loved the flavor and the thick chunks of avocado .
I live in Goodlettsville so this is close to me but now I drive the extra 5 - 10 minutes and go to Buffalo Wild Wings .
So much so , that the restaurant was on the short list of places I wanted to go during my last week in Nashville .
Terrible service and terrible management
The food , service and price were not worth the one star given , I would not bother , its not worth it !
The slice that I got was a combo which had sausage , onions , green peppers , and olives .
They have a couple tables outside .
Soooool if the shrimp are n't on the menu , ask them for it !
There was no gamey taste yet it definitely still had a nice lamb flavor to it which was accompanied well by the gravy .
I thought when I went to the Early Bird Special today I 'd be joining a bunch of diners my age and older .
Because of all the screw ups and delays we missed the movie we were planning to see .
Worse than that , ' market price ' for a dozen oysters is $ 45 .
Would HIGHLY recommend this place .
I am from California where Mexican food is super fresh and authentic so coming here and finding this gem is so nice .
The food is amazing , I 've never had better creme brulee and the mimosas are light and wonderful .
I 've read other reviews as to ambience and it puzzles me as the beauty in Japanese style and aesthetics is about simplicity .
We also tried the peanut butter balls , which are incredible .
We went around lunch time and the service was great .
The crab was overly soaked in salt water and the prime rib was pretty tough out of 2 pieces .
Usually you do n't remember the waiter and if you do , it 's never for good reasons .
Prices are super cheap ( $ 5.75 - 12.25 ) and they have everything : noodle soup , noodles , hot pot , rice dishes , etc .
The mashed potatoes are great and the salad 's are above average .
Just a really solid place .
She simply told me " Go to Delta and turn left .... thank you have a nice day ! "
I ordered the Brettman burger which is an 11 $ burger but which sounded amazing !
Ok , fine technically , I was looking at the menu when this started .
I 've been to Desi Chaat a lot and wanted to try another place , so I went down the street to Mood Cafe .
Be careful and pay attention to the light .
It did not taste bad , but the fact that I got sick made this a 2 star experience for me .
I burned my mouth on it from eating it too fast , and you know what ?
Me & my bff drove from Memphis to Nashville to create our own Diners , Drive - in , Dives best Burger experience .
The pulled pork was perfect and had the perfect amount of sauce without being drenched .
I highly recommend this place and asking the baristas what 's good !
The passionfruit drink ( Maracuya ) is a bit tart for my taste , whereas Chicha Morada was sweet , yet understated and flavorful .
The staff also seemed inexperienced .
Great pho and the service was outstanding .
I could have used a touch more of the goat cheese , but , for less than $ 8 , it was a great lunch .
Otherwise , our walk was nice .
The bf tried kibi as his app- he loved .
These are the best dang ribs I 've EVER eaten .
Did not stay there but came to visit the grounds and take the tour of the resort .
We had a day out without any children , and went here .
Seemed rather hip & trendy .
I was n't terribly impressed with the Apple Brown Betty because it was a bit more apple than I would like .
If you are by this way , give them a chance .... I hope you are a happy as we were !
However , the coconut broth balances out the spice so well , that we suffered through the pain because it was so damn amazing .
I got the pulled pork sandwich with collard greens .
I recently had the Enchiladas de Pato ( duck ) and it was so delicious !
The crab cake was n't too exciting but not bad either , right in the middle .
The portions were large and the hash browns were just the way I liked them .
My wife and I walked out without ordering .
I got their homemade horchata , and it was awesome too --cinnamon and spices -- just right .
Had a great first dinner experience here !
My Son ordered the Vegetarian Gyro- He LOVED it ! !
I had shrimp pad Thai that was excellent .
My partners simple burger with cheese ended up being perfect and tasty .
This place is really not bad .
Axis Pizza is very convenient- its 24 hrs and within walking distance of two universities .
I loved the food here .
Grubhub approved for the local area and they accept card .
Glenda 's Mustard Seed is a definite find in Midtown Reno .
The people there are so nice and they make a heck of a taco .
So I ordered the standard gyro .
I always mix the iced teas together ( which are all really good with a little agave ) .
Sunday Jazz Brunch was pretty delightful , just a few minor complaints kept it from being five stars all the way .
I ca n't say much about the drinks , I think my sister was happy with the manhattan she ordered .
Easily one of my favorite bar / pubs in Indianapolis .
Good wine and good bread capped this off as a meal we were happy to pay for .
I would like to have had a bit more attentive service , but overall I would highly recommend if you are in the Metairie area .
My experience with the bella buffalo sandwich was truly amazing .
Great beers ! ! ! !
Crab cakes were good .
To my chagrin , there were no other customers in the restaurant upon my arrival ...
I ordered their chicken dish which was okay but my husband ordered their ribeye medium which was way over cooked .
The waitresses are very friendly and we always tip them Well .
As far as pizzas , I have ordered the Margherita , Abruzzo , Vesuvio , Siciliana , and Moo Shu BBQ Duck .
Each time I go , I 'll also try a different one .
I think 5th St Bakehouse 's strength lies not in the baked goods , but in their awesome sandwiches like the Morning Cuban .
We ordered garlic naan , chicken kabob and veggie samosas for an appetizer before our food came out .
But once I started eating , it was the perfect amount of food !
Doing the tourist thing at Valley Forge and Philadelphia we came upon this restaurant by chance .
I have always enjoyed this chain .
Someone who used an abandoned French press that was held together with duct tape , and I could n't finish it .
I went with my wife for our dinner and we both got some kind of burger .
Would n't have known this place existed if it was n't for Yelp .
I have friends in Reno and visited this Bully 's location this past weekend .
Would have been nice to be able to dip it in the sauce .
At the beginning of our meal , the waitress was friendly and built a rapport with us .
Staff is friendly and helpful .
I say this because I ate here last week , which was not to long ago , for a friend 's birthday .
I was so excited to try out the Pica 's West Chester location .
It had not and I had no reason to lie about it .
Food delivered has been hot and delicious .
Nothing compares to my local Beach Corner joint .
I was spending the evening at the bar having a great time with my girlfriend and the other patrons .
I wish the portion size had been a bit bigger but it was tasty nonetheless .
I will admit , my falafel wrap and salad were fresh and pretty good , but I obviously would have preferred it warmer .
Laid back and friendly atmosphere , and much less crowded than Johnny Brenda 's .
Atmosphere was great and the staff was super friendly .
This place is a casual dining experience .
Nice place to go if you 're just looking for something casual .
I 'm definitely a fan .
The bowl and fork were made of recyclable bamboo in a modern design .
I love the chocolate donut holes .
The ribs were dry - rubbed and finished with a sweet Memphis style sauce with no " heat . "
Just had a " ramen " delivered ...
I tried to eat a california roll but my mouth hurt so bad , i could n't taste anything and I totally lost my appetite .
Two stars because it was edible .
I got medium heat , which is perhaps a LITTLE hotter than Hattie 's .
The first appetizer was n't warm and the calamari had no seasoning .
The aroma of the broth fills your head before the salty - umami liquid cascades down your palate .
Dungeness crab- 2 - 2.5 lbs for $ 23.95 / lb .
I went to In ' N ' Out when I was in Vegas , loved it , and was talking to a friend about wishing we had them here .
But the overall " vibe " was well worth it .
The hibachi was great , sushi was good , and their nigiri was better than many other sushi restaurants I 've been to .
You can tell the owner and kitchen care about the food .
Do these folks understand I , and others , have choices ?
I usually come during lunch when it is n't to congested .
The bf had a little cup of chocolate chip ice cream and said it was good , but really how bad can chocolate chip ice cream be ? ? ?
The Thai fried rice and cashew nuts sautéed chicken were amazing !
Okay , so at this point I 'm like " forget it , just take it back . "
Smoked salmon ravioli was completely saturated with dill , to the point of being one - note .
We got lucky to find parking on the pier .
Good plan .
Just a bit oily , spicy , the picked red onions are just great .
As if this was n't enough to ruin the experience , we encountered one last problem .
Customer service was exceptional !
This place is now my first choice of the two .
The hot glazed donuts are amazing !
The food is fresh , made - to - order , and unique , especially in an area filled with chains and comfort food .
Really great stuff and the total only came out to about $ 12 each for my friend and I.
Of the fine dining restaurants in Nola , this is my favorite .
My husband 's broccoli rabe and sausage was excellent , as was a grilled romaine salad with bleu cheese and pine nuts .
I took a seat at the bar and ordered my first local beer - the Nola Blonde .
We ordered a couple of apps and entrees for all of us to share .
Oh it was there all right , resting on my plate like a pale , sticky dome of something that resembled MASHED POTATOES !
Do n't order the fish and chips you get a half pound of fish and a pound of batter ! !
Literally chicken and salsa verde nothing else , which would normally be okay , but the chicken did n't have any taste .
Pasta was decent not outstanding .
We were quickly served and the waitress gave us great recommendations of some of her favorites and best sellers .
Given the time constraints they never made us feel rushed and timed the meal perfectly .
A great place to stop by if you 're about to buy beer next door .
It is a little on the pricey side , but totally worth every penny , we will all be retuning .
The boudin omelette is amazing along with the Bourbon Street Breakfast which comes with a shot of bourbon !
Did not get to check out the candy shop but I will next time .
My friend and I wanted to order some pastries to go , but were worried that they would sell out of the kind we wanted .
I got the gator tail with inferno sauce .
Hopefully it was just an off night .
I SAID , IT WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE THE KITCHEN RECOOK IT STAT , SINCE WE HAVE BEEN WAITING SINCE 8PM .
So I got my food and went around again ( still no cars had been through the drive thru ) and ordered a single coke .
Realizing I had n't eaten all day I stopped off to grab a sandwich .
I love this cute Italian restaurant , it 's great for lunch !
The first time I had corn bread , the second time , I did n't .
Both were really good but the duck was AMAZING !
When I arrived I was greeted by the hostess and I let her know that I would have a friend joining .
It 's all in the same building just two separate entrances .
Fresh and hot and huge portions ; neither of us could come close to finishing .
The flavoring was on the bland side and very watery .
A bit over cooked which made the fish taste dry .
It was great and I loved that the tortellini was al dente , and not the mush commonly found in soup .
The only con is that the location is small , which makes for long waits on the weekend for brunch .
We got spring rolls and two beef noodle salad bowls .
Something about dining there just makes you feel less connected to the normal energy and flow of the place .
Calabacitas were awesome until I came upon a huge almost raw clove of garlic , a very bitter and unwelcome addition to the meal .
Ribs were tender and fall off the bone .
It was n't my first visit , but it was my first time there for brunch .
First time at this food truck - amazing ! ! !
Food was very good and service was great .
Anytime I even pass remotely by during a drive from Albany NY , I stop or make the detour to joes .
It manages to be edgy yet chill at the same time .
We were a group of about 10 and needed somewhere to go that would be able to serve all of us .
Dinner , drinks and desserts were awesome !
I 've made the decision this is my last time going to this White Castle or any other , unless they have Barq 's cream soda .
This is one of my favorite weekly stops !
The food was pretty good and the staff was friendly .
The next day my husband returned and ate at Russell 's again .
I give them extra credit for that .
I 've had better escargot but I ca n't complain about the ones here .
The sushi itself is great- it 's consistently tasty and the fish is fresh and delicious .
not from the midwest where breaded tenderloin was originated I 'm sure they considered it great .
Great quiet , clean place to catch a healthy bite to eat ! !
An egg roll and choice of soup is included .
The boba was great and the drinks are 5 star because they are made with fresh fruit .
I can not say enough about the presentation , so you 're just gon na have to stop by and see for yourself !
I 've been here a few times now ( once just recently during devour ) and have thoroughly enjoyed my experience .
I asked for sour cream an onion chips and he said he only had BBQ .
It 's amazing how the older I get , the more I am developing an appreciation for grits .
You can tell he truly has a passion of the culinary arts .
So , I went back to El Arado on Monday with a group of six people .
I forgot Missouri allows indoor smoking , the place smelled like an ash tray and you left smelling like one too .
The service sometimes sucks , but you ca nt get it all all of the time .
My first time at Cracker Barrel , and I really liked it .
It was OK , and I 'm glad that I tried it because it will inform my home - made brunch menus in the future .
I 've gotten a piece of pizza here the last three times I 've flown back home from Tampa .
nothing really special in my opinion .
We smoked " sex on the beach " flavored shisha .
I 've been wanting to come here for quite sometime and I finally dragged the boyfriend here for dinner tonight .
There are other sushi restaurants in the area that are much better .
The server sold us on their " amazing " red velvet donuts for dessert .
Casino Del Sol is a beautiful , newer establishment .
One sandwich that I will actually crave:- ) yummy homemade ice cream that you wo n't be able to get enough of !
I got the cookies and milk donut the first day and it was delicious !
The corn just did n't hit the right cord with me .
I had a hamburger and it was nothing more than a frozen piece of meat .
Best hoagies in mercer county .
Before I even get to the food , let me just say that the service here is impeccable .
We would have gave 5 stars but due to the service we gave 4 .
The woman running the counter is not very friendly .
Staff was very friendly and attentive and had great knowledge and the menu and provided some good suggestions .
The dish was great !
Friendly to newbies .
For this reason , they are Gluten " Friendly " .
That 's fine but that means the na'an sits out a bit if others do n't get it .
I was hungry and tired , it was late , so I just ate the shrimp and rice .
I mean , how cool is that name ?
My wife had the Magic Mushroom burger .
The bartender however was not interested it us at all .
I 'm more of an " eat what you know " type of person , and sometimes I 'm scared to venture out .
Now for the good stuff ; the burgers are excellent ...
We started the evening off with some garlic Naan .
Luckily they have their Bubbles Bar from 4 - close on Friday 's where select Rose and sparkling wines are just 4 bucks .
YUM YUM that 's for sure , great place for an awesome sub .
I went to the rest room to find that the plumbing was backed up .
On my last visit I asked for water when she came and greeted me after I had been sitting for a few minutes .
The greens and mashed potatoes are great too .
It 's like they know I have the worst sweet cravings and always like to check out what 's for dessert before I even eat .
The decor , service , and presentation are awesome !
There was absolutely not a damn thing special about my breakfast .
Overall , the food rated 3 stars , minus another star for the service , plus a star for adjusting our bill .
The falafel is AMAZING .
We had a 9 pm reservation for five , arrived early and sat / stood in the bar area .
Nice selection of wine , I went with a really smooth glass of Sonoma Sauv Blanc .
It was highly recommended by the server and he also mentioned we should try the steak dish .
Yo this draft latte is BS good .
We also enjoyed the generous potion of fruit .
And the only reason I did not is because when in Florida I must make myself disgustingly full from seafood .
I ordered the crab rangoons followed by the Red Thai Curry with shrimp .
After he offered me a credit for exactly what I was missing , I asked to speak with a manager .
I left her no tip .
The space is clean , and the staff have all been friendly .
The table over got nachos that looked delicious .
So many glowing reviews for this place ... I just do n't get it .
Great service , great wine and great food .
The restaurant is well maintained , attractive and clean and has a nice patio out back .
I had the shrimp scampi .
Pi has been consistently good on every visit I have made since I 've moved to STL .
Ended up just getting a box of cereal .
The wait was about 40 minutes , but so worth it .
It came with 2 sides and the waitress let me have the soup as a side .
The pork belly taco was phenomenal .
I 'm just not a fan .
In town for a conference , the restaurant was very busy , but accommodating of our group of 5 .
Buffet for lunch is AMAZING ! ! ! ! !
The Gnocchi Gorgonzola was rich , creamy , and cheesy .
When we got there , we had a waitress we had 2 months ago .
If you are uncomfortable eating on the cramped and usually crowded main floor just ask to sit upstairs .
The place is clean .
Had the crawfish omlet , pretty tasty , did n't make my toes curl but it was decent .
Waited 15 minutes for a beer and then another 15 for check .
I expected plain Mac and cheese but it was soo much better then Mac and cheese .
It brings me right back to Milan every visit .
The restaurant was decorated in a rustic , colonial theme , but it was n't over the top or too stuffy .
But in regards to previous reviews saying the pizza was soggy , they must have listened !
The food was not of great quality , minimal and cold .
And yes , I had both of them in the same sitting .
Bottomless mimosas , sangria , and bloody mary 's do n't hurt either !
Very few restaurants on the waterfront actually have good food .
To eat we had the beignets and a muffuletta .
They had like 4 bartenders , two waitresses and 2 bar backs .
Only saw our waitress to give our order , get our food and beg for boxes / check when we finally did see her again .
The waiter was friendly and helpful , but service was slow and our food took a long time to come out .
The correct hours are on the restaurant website .
Overall , great food , great staff , nice environment!Recommended
Most amazing service ever , in the history of ever .
The bean sprouts , mint , and lemons we had to ask for and trying to get their attention was pretty painful .
We have had some great servers who are attentive , happy , kind , helpful .
We walk in and see our friend at the bar .
However , the samosas were AMAZING .
At any rate , once you get inside , you 'll be glad you stuck it out , because their breakfast is among the best in town .
It 's like a garlic bread crust if you do that ...
The food is fantastic .
I opted for the " French Cut Chicken Breast , Wasabi gnocchi , wild mushrooms , & asparagus in a sweet garlic ginger sauce [ 22 ] . "
I went back for my second visit to the city just for the BBQ Shrimp , and it did not disappoint the second time around .
Another order at the table was the pulled pork sandwich .
I love your spinach melt , your garden sloppy joe , your salad dressings , the sauce on your ravioli .
However , wings were pretty darn tasty .
It brings me to deep sadness that Beignets may have just won my heart over .
The steamed white rice was like any other .
The burger was yummy , just dry and small and not hot .
I recommend the southern belle is my favorite its a lot of food , worth every penny .
The pasta is obviously homemade and the marinara is delicious .
The food is amazing and the drinks are different and delicious !
Things moved a bit slow .
And the sushi is so good , my favorite is their salmon and toro toro !
The pina colada twirl did nt look and taste the same and was n't as creamy as the one we tried in Orlando .
I 've eaten here 4 times and have enjoyed it for the most part .
Unfortunately , the other reviews said it all .
Gator burger top of the line ... sleeper spot do nt miss .
Plus you get enough hummus and pita to bath in -- win win .
Server was fun and quick at first , when it was time to go she disappeared .
Great historic building .
This place is so popular on the weekends .
As far as special rolls go get the volcano ... usually a gimmicky roll at other places , theirs is just special .
The milk is on tap which is pretty cool , and the latte always comes out the perfect temperature .
Great local music each time we went there .
I wanted hard shell and I forgot to ask him , because tacos are usually hard shell .
My husband had a grain bowl that was also very good .
Not to mention the premium toppings .
They gave a discount coupon for us but not sure we want to go back again
The wife went with the Fresh Gulf Fish done Amandine Style .
First visit I asked for 3 and the dish was very nice .
The donuts are large , delicious , and made in - house from scratch .
It 's probably there better pizza , surprisingly .
Born and raised in south Jersey I consider myself both a diner connoisseur and diner snob .
we went on sunday so the drinks were 2 for the price of one .
I had to waved down another server and asked for my plate , still sitting on the warmer .
4 stars instead of 5 mainly due to the typical Indian restaurant stuff ...
Definitely a big plus that they are attached to La Baguette-- treat yourself on the way out .
I found this place in yelp while I was scrolling for a nearby brunch spot .
I found that the chicken was dry , so make sure to soak up the red sauce on the plate .
They give NO REFILLS on anything ( soda , tea , lemonade , etc ) which I think is insane !
I am so very pleased every time I eat here , they deserve 5 stars in my book .
The buffet is sparse , but fresh , and although none of the food packs a real punch , it is well - flavored .
Staff was really good even though it was almost rude to be stopping in so late .
There service is amazing .
My wife and I had Chicken Pad Thai , mine was medium and just right .
The food is wonderful .
We made reservations for a Saturday night .
First time at the Red Pony , eating upstairs , and our waitress is giving us excellent service ! !
We also had some horchata and lemonade .
This is n't the first time it has happened , staff is usually unfriendly .
I got the number 6 breakfast special and was disappointed by the lack of food .
They make their potato chips in - house , and they are fantastic !
It 's not just mac and cheese but truffle mac and cheese .
looks super awesome from the outside , inside is clean and open .
Since the wife was craving some crispy duck it came up as having the best reviews for it .
And extremely reasonable prices .
Pad Thai and Clay Pot were kind of gamey and over seasoned .
The food is amazing and the service is genuine .
We even had people asking for seconds !
Cuban sandwich was good and the food was fresh .
They also have live music that we heard was great .
If it 's slammed , you 're better off across the street at Beer Pale if service matters to you .
I started off dinner with the Crab Bisque which was amazing !
I know I know , silly as it seems , I have not had the pizza here !
The skewered scallops wrapped in bacon were fine - but anything wrapped in bacon is usually fine .
Menu was so good and great selection .
This place never stops smiling , and you really feel at home .
My go to is the carnitas burrito but you ca n't really go wrong with anything .
I showed up late to night market around 9:20 after just getting out of work incredibly tired and hungry .
We ordered a medium pie , first asking for Capicolla on our pizza , which the guy told us they were out of .
Still , you can just sop up the spill , it 's all good .
Eat at your own risk .
All cartilage , the sausage , bland ....
Could n't eat because no one would seat me or take order .
This was probably the best meal I 've had in a long time .
I think they should add another door near the back of their restaurant ( just a suggestion ) .
My only minor complaint is that they changed the bun since the last time I ate here .
I had two tacos ( fish and chicken ) and I loved theredpickled cabbage on them .
After searching forever we land here , wait for a table of 8 was only 30 min ...
And you can get anything off this menu ( even the spinach one ! ) and it is reliably fantastic .
Delivery was quick but I do n't think I 'll be return .
No , it 's not perfect but it 's great food , great service and a really cool dining room .
Have eaten at the Plano , Tx location also .
Capirihinias taste like dishwater .
I found this place on yelp and after reading reviews , I could n't wait to go .
The meal was not bad , but there are better options close by .
I ordered the sea bass , but they were out of it - at 7 pm ?
We were in pursuit of a good place to eat .
Cheese dip was basically ro - tel dip .
Coupled with a pint and a pina colada smoothie from the booth to the left , my date and I were ready to take on more oysters .
I had guests arriving from all over , some drove 10 + hours and when they arrived , were not able to check in .
It was a really flavorful , dark gumbo , that I think I could 've eaten a whole pot of .
The service was extremely slow .
There was only one issue with one of the bartenders , she was n't the nicest , only had to deal with her once .
Their pizza is just * that * good .
Plus , the tables themselves are so small , there was barely enough room for all the plates on the tables .
There is just too much competition in the food world around St Louis !
The waitress on the hand was awesome ! ! !
My cashier / food analyst , Crystal was flat out AMAZING .
Our waitress was friendly , knowledgeable and prompt .
their portions are super small , and pricey~
I told her I just needed a chips and queso to go , she says " of course " under her breath .
We visited at lunch time with our 17 year old son who insisted on the crocodile balls .
Taking me right back to Brooklyn , direct flight from Nashville to NYC , riding on a delicious slice pepperoni and extra cheese
I would go back and just stick to the sushi and rolls .
But enough of prattling on about side dishes : the rock crab tasted just as glorious as it looked .
This is my first review and I really felt it was needed .
He was yelling at me across the restaurant .
The brisket was absolutely perfect this time also .
We had the hummus and home made chips to start ... highly recommend ! ! !
The sauce is really great .
Amazingly delicious place for breakfast , beautifully decorated , every detail is gorgeous !
Disappointing experience .
Before I even tried the italian veggie wrap or the southwestern chicken wraps I purchased I liked this place .
No complaints but not good enough to bring us back .
Service was bad and food was mediocre .
The cheese enveloped my burger , so it was hard to tell whether I had the right burger .
This was my first visit .
I come here for the food , NOT the service .
Very nice wait staff .
I recently ate here after driving by several times .
The Pudin con caramelo for dessert was terrific with a rich caramel sauce .
In fact , we went there for the same special 3 times .
There are a few dishes on here , such as spins on eggs Benedict that are enjoyable .
The mock meats were pretty good especially the chicken drumsticks . Reasonably priced .
And this hotel is no where near downtown- not worth it at all !
From the very beginning the hostess was also working as the cashier so we were n't even welcomed when we came in .
On the plus side , the Garlic double burger was amazing ?
Alas , we 'd already eaten , so our group of 9 only had coffee and a couple items from the extensive list of desserts .
My wife also had beef tripe which was a little too spicy .
If their is one single breakfast item which I crave , it 's biscuits and gravy .
It tastes like it 's cooked in cream instead of water .
I 've dined here 3 times and have had an excellent experience each time !
I do n't get the hype .
My husband and I liked the lo mein better , but both were delicious .
And My husband thoroughly enjoyed the BLT .
My wife had the broken egg chicken biscuit sandwich .
Thanks for the great experience !
Price : 4/5 - A little high but great quality
2 stars for the staff trying and being nice , they seem really new .
it was like Henry Ford had designed the breakfast bar .
I was craving some seafood , and the combo platter looked like it offered a taste of everything .
But after the second horrible experience there I have to speak out .
When I first reviewed you , I gave you five stars , because you were that awesome and accommodating .
The food was great , and our waitress was excellent .
But a few of my girls had the shrimp and grits , it was cold .
The napkins ( whole towels ) also took a long time to receive .
It 's got two sauces , olives , and the whole shabang .
Now , we had WAY more food than what we ordered , as the chef sends out little surprises during the dinner courses .
Rice paper roll outstanding .
This place is insanely good .
Another two minutes of waiting and surprise , she ca n't locate my credit .
We had the dinning room to our selves .
The Sushiya roll and the curry kutsu are my favorite in the menu !
An undiscovered treasure near the 40th Street Field and University of Penn campus !
It was good but I only really ordered it so my mother would n't realize I was too hungover to comfortably drink .
The spicy chaat , the spiciness overpowers the rest of the goodies and it gets a bit too saucy for me .
This place was delicious !
We were n't dinner - hungry , but wanted to try the battered green beans since so many had raved about them .
Their pizzas are also very good , and this is one of the few places in town that has actual garlic knots on the menu .
My friend surprised me with churros and they were amazing !
And lastly my dads omelette tasted like McDonalds .
But u can order online , which I love ! ! !
I had their onion tart as an app and Kerry had the veal meatballs with sauce on polenta , very delicious .
Bottom line , this place gets 5 stars from me because of the cannollis .
I stopped in Whetstone for restaurant week and this was my first visit .
The chick that works here is seriously retarded .
This place has really good food and the service here is amazing !
Despite ordering a small number , I think it was satisfying .
The nutter butter and Tennesee fudge are both amazing !
We got the shredded chicken nachos and they were delicious and big enough to be a meal on their own !
The HRC has had good moments and it 's had bad moments .
I 'd happily go back although this is not a place I 'd go to have inexpensive drinks .
Not only is the selection incredible , all of the workers ACTUALLY KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT .
I did use them to dip into the leftover wing sauce on the plate .
I always like a deal .
The deliveryman showed up half an hour after that , and I turned him away .
Not the best italian food I had , but it was good .
They said 35 - 40 minutes .
She then asked if eggs were okay .
Terrible selection of food .
The food is delicious and yes , the staff is made up of young people .
Also , the use books for bill holders , so cute !
Now he knows why : growing up with real NY pizza like this spoils you for eating the junk other places serve ! ! !
We like the Americanized menu they serve and the food is better than the other Chinese restaurants in the area .
The appetizer plate through the mint tea was all delicious .
My husband asked for it to be removed from the table so that he could enjoy the rest of the food .
They have a very unique one - espresso lemonade - which I got to try on my last visit .
I do n't plan to be in Indianapolis at this location ever again but if it 's an option , Imma take it in a heartbeat .
Furnishings look so dated including the fake fish tank on the big " gold " wall !
You 're missing out if you do n't give it a try .
No dissappointed in John and his behavior .
It 's really nice in the summer , as they have live music and a nice patio area .
This place is dirty and beware of the hurricane roaches !
As an appetizer , the 4 of us split a sampler platter ....
My wife loved her Curry Chicken as well .
Despite being a staunch meat - eater , I can say without question this place rocks !
In the end I think it is middle of the road , the was good , I have had better .
The duck pizza was light but filling .
Their curry is absolutely delicious which I will definitely order again ...
I did n't enjoy the beans that came with them , though .
We are big Indian food fans and love this place .
The spicy tuna roll was stuffed with filling hardly any rice .
What a fantastic and cozy place !
we did tons of sampling , and a great bloody mary to boot .
Finally she said she would just have to put our orders on different tables so that we can have separate checks .
If you 're in a rush , it would definitely behoove you to order ahead so you do n't spend your entire lunch break waiting in line .
It 's sheik , trendy , has tv 's , a bar , and my waitress was very nice .
Someone actually had to go find an employee to have them send her back up .
The caprese salad had two piece of basil ... come on , it 's basil , ca n't you add some more to this ?
However , the food was delicious .
I had the shrimp dish .
Best seafood restaurant ever ! !
Have been going there over 20 years & always had great friendly service which has resulted in 4 - 6 hours stay .
The only drink I have here is the Blueberry Bellini ...
This place has went down hill to me .
My husband could n't say e ought about those !
Geat old school Italian food .
Do n't get me wrong , I love Panera bread , but the service that this location provides is horrible !
Ordered take out from this place tonight .
Thankfully , the game turned around and the Gnats fans left with a loss .
Also , my co - worker gave his chimichanga two thumbs - up .
This corporation / restaurant has no clue .
But I certainly would n't go out of my way to dine here again ...
The food all lacked flavor , and that is being very kind & considerate !
So glad this place exists downtown !
I had the butter pecan and O.M.G ...
I honesty really do n't even like sweets and am not all that into donuts but this place will make you a believer .
Luckily , they were piping hot when I received them , which makes up for some of the wait time .
Spent $ 25 for 2 slices of cake .
Great place for lunch in NOLA .
The day we visited 2 gorgeous peacocks were parading around the seating area .
Cons : can get tight when crowded .
Not the best nor the worse Taiwanese food .
My favourite BYOB has now also turned into my favourite place to lunch at !
Did n't win any money , but we had a great " stay - cation " .
They had baked ziti on it that tasted like it came out of a can .
I would never have sent calamari with something someone specifically asked for there to not be on it .
A glass of wine was $ 2 less at the bar ?
We ordered the lobster Mac and cheese , the duo beef entrée , and salmon .
Went to Burger Bar on a Saturday afternoon following a trip to the Arch .
I 'd come weekly for dinner and the get my la batt blue draft beer
The QV space is tiny , but not cramped .
The filling for it was some horrendous concoction that I could not describe .
So if I could break up my review my different categories this place would be all over the star scale .
Finding this gem was seriously fate .
I love this place but do n't make it downtown too often .
His plate looked good , and he said it was great .
We had a concert to be at by 9:30 , so I thought we would have plenty of time .
To say nothing of the lasagna , which was awesome in its own right .
The server was lovely and the food arrived quickly .
I think the entire bill came to under $ 25 so you really ca n't beat it .
It 's another thing when pictures of the lines become part of the marketing for a restaurant .
I have been to their other location in Dunedin and it was completely different but both awesome in their own right .
The gyros were noticeably smaller and less tasty than before .
The crab cake looked like a burnt hockey puck and the breakfasts I could make myself .
" Today 's Specials " on the very front page of the menu made me chuckle .
Not how I recall Moon 's downtown every being .
He made cocktails - and put on show - right down to the mocktail we ordered .
Service was friendly and the food was simple and delicious
I 'd say be patient in finding a parking spot because this place is worth it !
You can tell that everything is created from scratch and the portions are very generous .
The beef ribs and chicken jerk are authentic , reminded me of trips to Jamaica .
I ordered a chirashi here .
Love the fresh made black bean burger and the cilantro jalapeño hummus is excellent .
I love the decor of this place and the old bare brick walls .
My wife also loved her eggplant , It was not oily , thin and grilled to perfection .
It 's a nice change from southern food which dominates the food scene here .
HOWEVER , we went last night to celebrate my brothers graduation and ALL of our seafood dishes had rotten shrimp in them .
Better than any in any other Vietnamese joint I 've ever tried .
I just moved into the area and have been looking new places to go with good coffee .
Fortunately though , their lunch is delicious !
Yes , I 've eaten at the best , the food here is superb !
Do n't go here during late night .
My salmon was delicious and crab cakes decent .
Throw a pot of rice on when you order and you 'll be ready to go by the time it gets there .
Very good Italian food .
Will I return to Timpano Italian Chophouse on Swann 's Way ?
Caleco 's is a great greasy bar food joint in downtown STL .
The only reason why I did n't give five stars is because of the price .
I got one delivered with fries , and actually I did n't need the fries !
Which is awesome , but greasy and gross , but still amazing .
There is outdoor heating so no worries about it being too cold .
It came with a lot of large shrimp which was great , but the Alfredo sauce was very bland .
They do classics well ( get the pepperoni , you wo n't be sorry ! ) but their specialty pizzas are also amazing .
Envie is a great spot for people - watching or reading .
I wanted steak taco , but was told they had ran out of the meat ( it was 5 o"clock on a Sunday ) so I decided to go for chicken ...
The happy hour is amazing and the selection of beer is so surprising for such a little place .
We like to sit outside and listen to the jazz and people watch .
( Do n't forget to tip .
The restaurant talks a big talk about authenticity , but as a bona fide Desi , I hardly recognized anything .
We tried the meatball pizza which did n't disappoint .
My favorite burritos from them are the ones that have sweet potatoes or plantains .
Sushi rolls were amazing !
I 've been back a few times since then .
I do n't think my mimosa glass was ever empty !
Better than any other hibachi place around .
Delivery was fast ...
Basically , if it has cheese on it or in it , you wo n't be disappointed here .
I do n't like spicy food but there is plenty to find here that is not too spicy .
Was pleasantly surprised by all the food we ordered .
This little gem is in an office building and am a little jealous of everyone that works near by .
The rolls are excellent and similar to the rolls at Logan 's .
I 've made ceviche many times before .
kids were only $ 13 so that was nice .
Everything is good and very home - style , the horchata is tasty , the gorditas are great .
The Asian Slaw was a suggestion from our waitress and did not disappoint .
Staff was very helpful and friendly !
We also occaisonally get the shrimp and pineapple fried rice , which is delicious .
( one trash by door but it said recycle ) ?
My husband ordered the burrito and loved it as well ( $ 9 ) .
The also had a couple of interesting beers on their menu that we were keen to try .
I 'm from LA and currently live in Vegas , I know good Mexican food and man was this food good .
The service was very accomodating and the atmosphere inside is super cozy- nothing fancy , has an old school Greek feel .
I would not chose the slaw again but I am sure that is just a taste preference .
Keep up the great work ! !
The food was great and the service was perfect .
But when it comes down to having a table full of vomit and/or an epi pen getting whipped out , " Pretty sure ... "
Moving on ... Parking in the area is a challenge small streets do n't help either .
I added the Pork egg roll this time .
The store is immaculate and the help is uber friendly .
We are quasi - local and will find another place next time .
The Salmon / Avocado was particularly good , although the Yellowtail / Avocado and the Spicy Tuna were also solid choices .
One roll surprised us by having sweet mustard sauce on it , which did NOT taste very good ....
The only reason I would see for going there is the patio .
For meals we had the gyro meatball which was a fail you just do n't get a bite of meat with every bite and it lacked taziki .
I loved my cocktail , I forgot the name but it was made of bourbon , lemon juice , and champagne .
We ordered the appetizer for four which would feed 8 .
Portions were TINY .
Our first time trying on this rainy Sunday !
Not the typical nachos and that was a pleasant surprise .
Not the best burgers in the city , but it 's my favorite out of the other burger - oriented places in the area .
The service was excellent and the food tasted good .
I could actually envision my bison roaming around happily in his humane pasture .
We stopped here more than once during this trip .
Thank You for a Wonderful time .
None the less , the food was great !
The fried pickles were very good but could have been a little more crispy .
I do n't believe the price difference for dinner would be worth it here .
Got a beer waiting for the table and he acknowledged and served us quick .
If you do n't know what you want in the first 2 seconds then they 'll just make up your mind for you .
What a great addition to the Funk Zone !
I would recommend this place to anyone , whether it 's for a business meeting or an evening out with friends .
I 've always been seated right away , but the entree can take awhile during lunch .
The hot honey is spicy and I like spicy .
We were greeted by two friendly bartenders , a fantastic beer selection , and some comfy seats at the bar .
i would like to make it here for breakfast / brunch but i 'm never downtown during the day so we 'll have to wait on that .
I ordered the oyster po - boy and that deliciousness came out fast .
I also had what I would call their plain donut and it was delicious .
The parking lot SUCKS .
The waitress was friendly enough and the manager made rounds , ensuring that everyone was satisfied .
And the room was cool - large , dark and candlelit , huge bar , nice wooden decor .
The food is great and the staff is very friendly .
I 'm a big fan of it !
Adrienne rocks made the visit a 5 star one .
all about 12 ft away from the loud noises of Bourbon street ..
i did n't realize how big and filling that dish would be .
But the bacon I bought for an extra 2.00 on the burger was really good so that 's a positive .
The food is actually pretty good , despite the service .
Great place to go anytime of the year , but especially in the warmer weather .
The decor is so confusing !
I 'd urge everyone to look into the costs up front , so you do n't have any surprises on check out .
I checked their website , and it says they are " currently only open every for private parties and events . "
The whole experience the food , friendlinessp more .
Came here recently at around 7 pm on a Sunday night , and I suppose they were running out of supplies at the end of the week .
Let just say this was one of the best meals I had all week .
The mixed drinks tend to be a bit weak , in my opinion .
I could n't be happier with this place .
I 'll definitely be back here to try some of the other menu items .
You will not feel foolish asking questions about the menu because the wait staff was excellent and very attentive .
The perfect treat before or after shopping .
A great experience for sure !
I wish i had pictures to show how great this place was but i do n't .
The mashed potatoes were extruded and looked different from the potatoes that came with the filet .
Very chill , tiki atmosphere on the back patio .
Was asked by waiter to take my plate of food off his tray .
" Meh " pretty much describes my experience at El Sol .
A great gem in St Pete !
The cream cheese was at least an inch and a half thick .
All the pickled veggies tasted the same , the rabbit was not that good .
No drinks , because it 's 2 days after Mardi Gras and I 'm still in recovery mode .
We sent them back and ordered Sweetwater 420 instead .
Still , we usually come back whenever I visit for the fries and the people watching .
As others have said , you can always go to Rittenhouse to eat , though I always manage to luck out with the stools by the window .
Counters for patrons to sit at appeared to not have been wiped down in a few days .
Really fun time and great atmosphere .
I am actually surprised at the high ratings .
Seating both inside and along the sidewalk .
And the wine is to die for !
We have been going to Mi Ranchito for a couple of years now .
One of our friends ordered a vegetarian plate , so it 's nice that they offer vegetarian options .
We would go back , but I 'll put my foot down next time if we are shown to a table beside a small child ! !
the fleur de liis omelette makes my day .
And I think the lobster was overcooked .
The food was good , but not great .
We had a larger table of 8 and went on a Saturday night .
My opinion is that they may just be different than most are used to .
Some of the bites I had of the egg roll were merely the fried dough without getting to any of the cheese and meat .
This was my first time at Our Daily Bread and I loved it !
I 've been here three times ( once to eat in and twice for take out ) and have n't been disappointed once .
Young man working the driv ebb thru was very nice and polite .
Really tuned in to the diners .
It was the first time we had Ethiopian food but we went looking for it .
To rip us off even more she taxed us on the total bill gratuity included .
Came in for dinner and then came in again a couple of days later for happy hour .
Nothing to write home about , but it feels like a Greek place to me with warm bold colors and lanterns .
At first they said it was on the way .
The lunch options they have are very reasonable and the presentation of the food was excellent .
I got home and a few days later tried to make red cabbage the way they made it & I was not successfull .
They 're pretty small so I honestly have to order 3 different rolls in order to get filled up .
Everything is sooo good and I have defiantly been here enough to say I have tried almost everything on the menu .
Great food , great service , great location ! !
Earned every star for me !
Yet I felt the entire meal was n't worth the 14.50 .
Since this was our first visit , I can say that it was good enough to go back and try something else off their menu .
I was n't expecting such a huge pizza- definitely big enough to share !
It 's $ 6 for a " large " which is pretty much your average bowl size .
Just ordered a veggie pizza and cinnamon sticks for carry out .
But last couple of times we ordered , we were disappointed in the quality and flavor .
The menu is concise and everything sounds tasty .
The balsamic sauce was on the side which was great for me .
The donuts are amazing and for $ 5 we 're both sufficiently happy !
Beet salads ( 3/5 ) - The dressing was delicious with the pecan caramel .
WCU is lucky to have this close to campus .
The green onion cakes here are a must have .
Friday and Saturday nights there is buffet as well as every day at lunch .
That being said , the banana wheat germ pancakes were delicious !
We had the oysters , impossible burgers , and wine .
I do n't think they have their actual menu online , but the menu that is , is NOT THEM ! ! !
Not far from French Quarter with free parking .
The service was fantastic !
At the Indianapolis Holiday Inn airport , new hotel and great place to stay .
Service is spectacular .
Just decided what you want pick a number and they will serve you within 5 mins top .
We 'd definitely return here if we find out way to Nashville again
Chocolate Mint : This was my second favorite as it reminded me of an andes mint .
Personal favorites of mine are the buffalo wings , mussels white , crab legs , and of course the crab fries !
We have gotten take out and brought to friends houses and they loved it too .
Rather than tell us they do n't carry certain items , they made up their own drinks .
The craft beer on tap is delicious as well .
Do n't go if you do n't have a little time on your hands .
Naturally , I checked the Yelp reviews to see what people had to say .
Not very impressive for a slow night .
We ordered salmon and a shrimp pasta for dinner and my husband is still raving over how good the salmon was !
The waiter still good - naturedly accommodated us , providing fast and attentive service .
Go an extra block west and go to Scotty 's .
My friend ordered a glass of wine , wanted a second one half way through our meal , but we could n't get it ordered .
Shrimp chow mein was great as well , not too greasy , and shrimp were giant and cooked perfectly .
Worst Wawa in the Tri - State area .
But , I do n't go to a BBQ place for tenders .
I particularly remember a really great Arugula and Watermelon salad I had over the summer .
These mashed potatoes were one of the best I 've had .
Well this place just lost their awesome review .
My family has come here for years !
The person I was with got two sliders and she really liked the beef slider .
I know i 'll be back here , who does n't like fast / delicious / attentive service ?
It 's a good place for drinks and bar snacks and it feels special .
It goes great with the accompanying curry sauce , which also contains some pieces of chicken and potato .
The burritos blow away any of the other corporate burrito places nearby ( Chipotle , Q - Doba ) and cost the same to boot .
It really just looks like a closed old shed that someone may store old lawn and garden equipment in .
It took us about 40mins to get our food for a table of two ; but totally worth the wait .
Both lentil dishes were decent , as I have said before it is difficult for me to tell much of a difference in them .
It came hot and delicious , but we were missing sauces , out of water and our server was no where to be found .
They had a deal 2 months ago if you spent $ 100 at Hmart then you get a free jajang myun .
I am still just shocked at how inedible the pad Thai was .
I always feel welcome when I place my order here .
They recently expanded their menu which has been a lot of fun too ! !
Now , I 'm not saying ideal injera should be sour , but I like mine that way .
I tried the small personal pan size plain pie and the 5 hot buffalo wing sampler .
We usually do the call ahead sitting so we do n't have to wait long to be seated .
I had the Whiskey special burger .
I get it , but not too far from mushroom capital if the world .
Same goes for the vegetables that came with my boyfriends meal , his fish was fried and seasoned well though .
Honey 's is a trendy spot in Northern Liberties that lives up to its reputation as a place for a wonderful breakfast .
The waiters were professional , but with charisma and humor and knew how and when to have conversation .
but the cashier did n't help me at all .
Best for just 2 people though .
Amazing place for lassi and chaat .
The second platter was for the kids : fried chicken , mac and cheese , fries and candied yams ( that she threw in for free ) .
It honestly reminded me of the quality of a food cart .
The staff is very attentive and friendly , I am always very pleased .
Came back for a bachelor party and was really impressed .
As for the teriyaki and non - sushi dishes , they are great as well .
The Toothpicks were cooked and seasoned well and the sliders were full of flavor , I wish we had ordered more !
This place has a great location for the hungry tourist .
Went for the FREE beer tasting .
Meat was a bit underdone , even though cooked medium .
It 's a bit spendy ( about $ 5 ) , but it hit the spot .
It 's open 24hours .
I arrived at the gastropub ten minutes before it opened so I could get a seat at the bar immediately .
The onion rings were huge and I think would have been good had they not been so salty .
We got the fried chicken biscuit and the mean & green juice .
Bottom line ; food was a hit , service was $ h!+ !
Korean food in New Orleans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Some brunch places give you nonsensical portions , and I always feel bad , because I feel like I 'm wasting food .
The collard greens with bacon were good .
My friend ordered the blue whale while I got a mint and ginger mule .
As a side note if you order a glass or water or a soft drink it comes in your own miniature pitcher .
The first time I was not too impressed by the food quality but the beer was very good according to everyone that drank it .
I was told I 'd have to wait an extra 10 minutes on top of the 15 minutes of previous waiting .
I 've had better at dedicated szechuan restaurants , but this one is n't bad .
then , the pizza was over done .
My favorite in the Philly area still remains Steve 's Prince of Steaks , but now there 's some competition .
On a brief jaunt through the slot machines on my way to dinner at the casino I won a hair over $ 10 .
Get there early though 'cause they tend to run out of the popular ones kind of early .
It is a very packed place , especially when huge derby matches are going on ... and in World Cup season , get there EARLY .
Breakfast was AMAZING .
I had the mussels appetizer and it was really good !
The owners are very nice as well .
Poor execution .
Easily the WORST Mexican food I have ever eaten .
It 's less saucy then some jumbalayas I have had , but still really flavorful and the rice is perfectly cooked .
No wonder the place was n't busy ...
It is a local favorite .
There is no mirror to check out your makeup .
Employees are very nice and attentive and food is fresh .
I 've had the lamb ketban and the schawarma platters .
The customer service is attentive and friendly , except for the waitress not knowing the country potatoes ingredients .
If I had known it would have been like five mushrooms with the steak , I totally would have gotten them as a side .
Let me say right off , I 'm not a bbq fan and by that I mean pork bbq .
For $ 10.95 , it was good and the portion was good .
Everyone always seems happy in here , and their treats are absolutely delicious .
But it just did n't have the richness that we were expecting .
This is the worst experience l've ever had in a 4.5 star restaurant , please avoid at all cost ! ! !
They put a lot of garlic in their sauce which I liked a lot .
and this place is spotless .
I finally had to ask a manager where our cocktails we 're because it so long .
Unfortunately , it was on a pretty bad bun .
In general , La Mulita 's cocktail menu is very wallet - friendly with most drinks falling in the $ 6 to $ 7 price range .
It like a corner Bar it 's small but nice .
Surprised to find this gem in my old neighborhood of Bellevue .
El Arado is right on the main corner of Fountain Square with a great outdoor patio .
There is n't someone on staff to answer beer questions , just ask the cashier essentially for anything .
North 30th was a quick walk .
My friend ordered a Yazoo Pale Ale and received a cloudy , orange colored , spicy smelling blue moon .
It 's a bit pricey considering the portions and Ambiance but other than that ...
Bill was $ 170 which is not bad but some of my friends were n't expected it .
They take great pride in their product , and it shows at every level .
I love their sweet potato tempura rolls , the chicken lettuce raps minus the chicken , and the ice tea .
But I 'd skip the lobster bisque , as it seemed burned .
We had six items on the menu including dessert and each item was melt in your mouth delicious .
But when I bit into the pizzas , the flavors just did n't come through for some reason .
The service goes above and beyond here , also , though perhaps it 's because this location has only been open about a month .
This venue is incredible .
Treat yo self ! !
Three hours later we are still full .
We both ordered the same thing , which was a bagel with lox , cream cheese , capers and onions .
However , the food was GREAT and once we switched to beer , we were very impressed with their selection of awesome local brews .
Their menu is HUGE .
Try as I might , I could n't cut through the skin and get any meat .
It 's a reasonable restaurant for sure but again quite average - nothing special .
Stopped in for the lunch menu with my girlfriend , place was extremely clean , food was ON POINT !
Majority of our party ordered mac & cheese as a side .
Luckily , we had our own bottle of hand sanitizer with us so he had to resort to using hand sanitizer before eating his meal .
It was our one brunch meal in Philly so had wanted it to be a good one - wish I had gone elsewhere .
I ordered a half club sandwich with a cup of broccoli and cheese soup .
They were everything you can imagine they would be- rich , crispy , salty , unctuous , and full of flavor .
The hostess came around with water and saw my husbands glass was empty but he had sprite .
Was in town for a week and came by this little hole in the wall .
Their HOAGIES are so delicious that when I moved away , I now have Ralph 's hoagies flown down to me in Miami .
Over an hour later we had no Indian goodness .
The pizza dog is amazing !
I ordered chicken enchiladas with mole sauce .
I nibbled on a strawberry and took a banana for the road since the majority of the group passed on the fruit .
I saw this place on a PBS special on Vietnamese food in New Orleans .
Great presentation but both of our dishes were bland and lacked flavor ...
We had a large group ( 10 + ) and came here for brunch ( and drinks , natch ) .
It 's hard to describe ice cream , so I suggest you stop by and get some !
Our other dining companion got the shrimp pad thai , which I 'd also been considering .
I ca n't imagine their seafood being fresh though so the price seems a bit high .
Food is fresh and so tasty .
The interior is small , but interesting and clean .
The food is soo good .
The pizza is n't greasy and was delicious , it has a sweet tasting tomato base .
Five stars is not nearly enough to describe how I feel about this restaurant ! ! !
It is housed in an old building that used to have a small hospital and medical office that my precious mother was born in .
My current fave rn is the chopped salad , it 's so loaded up it will fill you up .
I feel like once you 've been to one hibachi grill , then you 've been to them all , but they 're still yummy nonetheless .
I went to Revolucion last night for the first time , but only for drinks .
Would n't say this is the place for coffee connoisseurs because I do n't think they roast or brew their own coffee .
Their staff is so cheerfully friendly .
Great chicken & sides , many choices ... great service .
Now , the filet mignon was incredible !
I ca n't wait for my next visit .
My belly hurts from eating so much .
For $ 58 you got a dozen oysters , dozen clams , dozen mussels , shrimp and about a pound of king crab along with some ceviche .
Definitely the best items under Small Plates .
All and all I had a good experience .
The food was good but our service was terrible .
Loved this place 10 years ago when I was in college and love it now that I 'm back in town .
My only complaint , and it 's not even a complaint , is that I wish there was more tables to sit at .
I am not a huge chocolate fan .
Sauces for both dishes were spicy and plentiful .
After the apps , we finally placed our order ; we got paper napkins ( 2 napkins for 2 people ) .
We had a large group here and had a semi - private area .
I am not one for benedicts but my friends both said it was quite good .
There seem to be more people working than dining but yet the service did the disappoint it 's slow .
The crust was a bit soggy due to refrigeration .
Went to the restaurant on a Friday evening and it was not busy with the exception of a bachelor party .
Came for lunch and had to say that despite the loud music , the food , atmosphere and location are great !
The staff that we had were fantastic , the reason I 'm giving this a 4 star otherwise I 'd have to give a 3 .
The service was also excellent .
The gumbo arrived piping hot and came with 2 slices of bread .
This is sliced baby , and it is good .
It 's right on 130 so location is convenient .
I 've not been disappointed with any lunch or dessert we 've gotten there .
I forget the name but it had brown rice , feta , roasted cashews and a delicious dressing .
The staff very nice .
The adult beverages were out in record time , along with the appetizers we ordered .
Make sure to stop by and support this great family - owned business ! !
Definitely not a place you want to go when you are in a hurry .
I think if this place wo n't change it 's attitude about costumer service and do something about it they will go down very fast .
Termini 's are no where NEAR as good , and Isgro 's is far too hyped up for the quality .
Maybe she knew that I did n't need the calories .
Also , it 's cash - only policy in 2015 is a bit inconvenient .
The burger was edible but not great which was disappointing considering burger is in the name .
The best brunch we have had since moving back to indy .
Me ( brilliant idea flashing ): Let 's try this sponge dock place in Tarpon Springs .
The jambalaya was also very odd , most definitely from some prepackaged mix .
Yelp reviews were on point .
Everything is freshly made & u can definite tell the difference !
Will definitely come back for seconds .
I got what i thought was a shrimp broil that would have all the fixings just to get it and find out it was all alacarte .
Hidden Gem - Best French Dip Ever ! ! ! !
The Pad Thai was unbelievable- full of great tastes .
That 's cool but , not from under a heat lamp .
They have quite a few lunchy things on the menu too , like sandwiches and salads , have to come back and check those out .
An AMAZING place to eat !
This restaurant is in a great location with nice outside seating , but the food and service was no bueno .
Been wanting to eat here for a while but have n't managed to get here .
We were so much looking forward to seeing the Rebirth Jazz Band .
Their lunch specials ( 11 - 3 ) are a REAL bargain .
You get 4 pieces of fried chicken and some ranch dressing .
Ybor was settled by a variety of people , including the Italians .
Thank you Natalie for great service , you are the best .
* Tom Kha Gai : Standard , but on the better side , with a definite " kick " to it thanks to diced Thai chilies in the soup .
The class was WELL worth the money !
Except the drinks , that was worth the diamonds .
The grilled octopus is awesome , but my favorite may be the " manti " which are spicy lamb dumplings !
My wife and her friends returned to try this place again and her report is that it 's worse than before .
I have to say this not what I expected from a big known place for adults to have fun along with kids also .
It 's safe and attracts a great mix of our community .
They were chewy like they had been re heated .
Would have tried but could not eat another bite .
Food and drinks were very good and filling .
a delicious seasonal treat that i highly recommend whenever available .
I had my food within 20 minutes of arriving ( tasty Jack Daniels chicken ) .
We had 2 adult and 1 child meals , and used a free meal coupon and the bill still managed to be over $ 20 ? !
I had the tri / tip / chicken combo , selecting the fresh corn salad and potato salad as my two sides .
While too salty for my liking , I did still enjoy it because of the cheeziness .
My coworker steered me into a cab to go to this hole in the wall on Ritner .
Also had to have a spiked milkshake .... my choice the Bananas Foster .
I loved the oversized comfortable furniture .
This is not a sit down place .
And their bartenders know what they 're doing - from the fancy - schmancy cocktails to the craft beers and a nice wine list .
How have I waited so long to write a review of this place ? !
It was worth the time .
As starters , we were served lamb meatballs -- likely the favorite of the night -- and goat cheese - stuffed poblano peppers .
Nothing about my Vesuvio pizza was n't yummy and yet it failed to blow me away .
I had the kalamata muffuletta and it was insanely good .
Shared food with friends at a long bar table and everything was delicious .
We have been to several Pieology locations and have always had great service and a great meal .
Price : Very affordable !
I did n't feel like they had too much flavor .
I think they also have soup but I have nt tried that yet - no room ! ! !
Four of us stopped in for a quick lunch on a Sunday in February .
The toppongs ( shredded carrots / shredded daikon radish / cilantro ) were super fresh and added a great crunch .
I felt the service was less formal , but more genuine , and of course the prices more reasonable , and the menu more varied .
Two of us went there for dinner after 3 hours of driving .
I had a party of five and got there around 8:25 and had to wait 20 + minutes to be seated .
And that is saying a lot !
The food is served to you in to - go style Tupperware so it 's perfect for leftovers .
There was nothing " jumbo " about the meat and the portion was extremely small for a $ 25 entree meal .
Like I 've been to places that do this and usually it 's easy to decide .
They seem eager to please , wait patiently while I make my selection or try to say goodbye to my father on the phone .
Only complaint on sandwich pretty juicy so the bread got a little soft .
There were lots of dirty tables and several people waiting to be seated and they took their time .
Tuesday night was at half capacity with a very laid back atmosphere which was great for conversation .
Food was fresh and hot but that was the only good thing about it .
I 'm not even a vegetarian and the black bean lentil burger is absolutely superb .
The bread was delicious and a new recipe the owner received from his brother who lives in Sicily .
This is a new hotspot in S.
Generally a good little place .
I like ordering online because you do n't feel so rushed as when you call on the phone .
Another downside was the coffee tasted slightly old and bitter .
More bread than corn ... whatever that means ... wink wink .
We had a bartender and servers all to ourselves .
The waitresses are extremely nice and helpful .
I 'm rarely over in the fairmount area , but I 'll certainly be back to eat here again !
The 8 piece roll came loaded with fish and a glaze of eel sauce .
.... but I guess they 're not going for realism in a zombie game .
What a great new restaurant !
Breakfast food is hard to mess up , but somehow everything was pretty blasé .
when your food finally does come out your toast is cold , , , just failing grades acrosss the board
THAT is my ultimate fav .
Tough to find paleo options in this area , but the gyro salad is a nice stand by ... ,
Other than that , I ca n't say anything really stuck out , but the service was good , my food was good and the staff was good .
That ended up being my main meal since my sweetheart did not want any .
Seafood section has Ahi steak for $ 22 / lb .
My step mom had their burger carbless and says its the best burger she 's ever had .
This is some of the BEST Mexican cuisine I 've tasted since my nana cooked for me ; I 'm from California so I would know .
my first and last experience was not pleasant at all .
But that wo n't keep me from going back , just wo n't have a burger for a while .
I found the salad to be tasty as usual .
I almost bet myself that the salad dressing for my salad would come in a plastic container , as it did .
The food and live music made for an incredible atmosphere .
Large portions and it came out relatively quick .
I stopped by when visiting town for 2 nights .
they also had a DJ playing a variety of music the whole time and I really enjoyed that .
Make sure you order extra bread as it is absolutely to die for .
I got the burger they named after themselves because I figured it would be their best burger .
When the waiter brought the wrong dish to my wife , he started arguing with her saying " that is what you ordered ! "
Frank the owner sets the standard for service- master of the craft .
The ambiance on the lower level is mediocre , but the acoustic guitarist was a nice touch .
To start , we split the calamari , which we both thought was fantastic .
By the way , the good us amazing and great happy hour specials : : :
The service was nice , not super chatty or overly enthusiastic , but he was pleasant .
I am sad I live far because I would frequent Agustin on a regular and I 'd be so happy to return for her service !
The sandwich was bigger than I expected and loaded .
Anyway , I hear there is good brunch at Mr. B 's , but I do n't think we will be going back .
We had the Romeo & Juliette and the Chicken Rutica along with Sangria and tiramisu !
It 's a small walk - up business the the flavor is on point !
I 'm assuming they have cult fans -- I've seen ALL types of people go here .
My in laws just fed my 2 year old daughter ( I guess that 's a good thing ) .
And the portion was healthy -- at least six very large shrimp .
If you 're a meat eater and with a friend get the Charbroil Platter ...
In the more recent visits , the buffet has gone down hill .
to , " Eh , did n't get as much food as I paid for ... "
They only do n't have espresso coffee .
It 's pretty busy during lunch so plan to get there early .
We will be coming back every time we visit New Orleans .
All the tacos are soft shell only , which I guess is more authentic , but not what I prefer .
After 30 mins , 8:30 server says she does n't understand why our food has n't come out yet she will check , cool .
I do n't think there are better dips at any restaurant in the city .
The chicken tacos are incredibly bland .
If I was a wine drinker it would of tied the entrées together exquisitely !
Small cozy dining area , nice big bar in the room next to it .
It was kind of a silly thing since the kids like the bento boxes but obviously is n't going to be a factor for most people .
Everything that I tried and ordered was beyond my expectations and blew me away .
On top of the burger , the baked potato was out of this world , like seriously way better than it should have been .
Their kitchen is open late , which is a big plus for me .
The wait for a table is long but that is because everyone wants it and no one wants to leave .
Came here for lunch and again questioned why we do n't come more often .
We also tried the Peach Cobbler and Chunky Monkey cheesecakes , whcih were very good .
The tofu bibimbap is my go to but the menu is so healthy , tasty , filling and affordable ! !
We have a new favorite .
I know , I know .... don't order pizza if you ca n't eat pizza but we were hopeful because we love Chicago Connection .
Posted pix of animal jaw found in fried rice from this place !
The breading on the eggplant parmesan and the entree parmesan are the same , and I definitely love it .
Located at the 37th floor of two liberty place , it 's a beautiful place to stop by after work for some drinks and snacks .
and as a plus- they have byomug for a dollar AND dottie 's donuts on the weekends !
I am afraid this place is starting to go downhill as the other Chinese buffets have gone in the area .
Personally , I favor the pulled pork but any of their barbecue items will really make your mouth happy .
I have to say this food is awesome .
The collard greens tasted like they had been boiled without any additional seasoning and served , poorly drained .
As for desserts he had the cheesecake , which was fine , not amazing but nothing bad to say about it either .
Will be going back a lot , so glad I live in the neighborhood !
i kept looking for the bulgur wheat and there was literally none to speak of .
I got an immediate coaster and 1st beer .
I asked for an old fashioned and when I received it , I noticed that it was lacking bitters .
The people are cool and the sauces are good but other than that this place really does nt have much going for it .
Total rip off artists and shady business dealings .
Food was delicious , portions were great , and service was friendly and prompt !
The meals were pretty limited , and nothing really comes with it .
Still a Great experience .
A few weeks later we discovered we were in the delivery area and again got a pizza and also tried the Stromboli .
I 'll say it 's OK but mainly because it 's not too hard to throw together a burrito .
I ended up getting the Neapolitan , which contained chocolate pudding inside and had strawberry powder on the outside .
There 's also free Wifi , so you can check in or peruse the Web while you sit .
I 've been vegan for almost 10 years now , lived all over , and this is the best vegan take - out joint I 've EVER been to .
The room is nice .
This place has really improved in the last few years .
I am of the opinion that $ 24 was a steal for the quality I received here .
Amazing beer and wine ( my mouth watered at the $ 450 bottle of Dom Perignon ! ) There is amazing looking sushi prepared fresh .
I love the cocktail party - brie , apples and apricot marmalade on some sort of walnut bread .
It 's average fare , but you do get a lot for your money .
The bread was good , but I should have gotten it toasted .
Also , when asked when lunch ends , the waiter could n't even say a time , just that it had ended .
I 'm not a big fan of rolls and sauces , and opt mainly for Nigiri or sashimi .
Renovation of the historic building was thoughtful and well executed .
Any fresh squeezed juice that I 've had has been amazing , but the price was equally palatable .
The space is cramp .
It took an hour and a half until the appetizers arrived , and then an additional forty five until the entrees appeared .
However , our appetizer ( the spring rolls ) were NOT very good , hence the four stars instead of five .
Roast beef with wild - mushroom gravy ... the beef was tender and bright , pink rare -- beautiful .
I gave this place an excellent review after our first visit there , but had to change it after returning again tonight .
I ate here for lunch yesterday .
the lighting is not good for us 40+ ... smile .
Deluxe really rocks .
But in another note , my friend had something that I thought was a pancake , who knew it was a turkey burger .
Came to see my son 's band Last Frontier .
It 's a cash - only joint .
Really comfy / cool ambiance and you can sort of watch them cooking the food in the big woks .
What the hell you leave a sandwich sitting there for an hour ?
Mushrooms are amazing .
Would definitely recommend this place to anyone .
The prices of everything is n't a great deal , but it 's still pretty fair .
Although I enjoyed the flatbread as well , I thought it had a bit too much arugula on the top .
Overall I would not recommend this place .
Nice quiet venue .
I had the grilled Mahi Mahi , usually my fave fish .
When I 've visited , the place has been at best moderately busy .
The service was very good though .
We also shared the keema samosas appetizer , made better by the tamarind sauce , some kashmiri rice with some naan .
Do n't even bother with any other donut shops in stl .
My other son ordered a machaca taco , chicken enchilada and rice .
Granted their parents would still probably order them fried this & cheezy and salty that , but there should still be a CHOICE .
' Have had better ' is a pretty good assessment of the place but with a few things to note .
The owner answered and told me that they had n't started my food yet .
Plus , food comes out very quickly so we made the curtain , just barely , but with really happy tummies .
I did n't see this place as " a wanna be hipster place " , just a relaxed restaurant were anyone can come and enjoy good food .
We got the Jalapeño popper , Suno Mono , Spicy Kani salad , Samurai roll , Masami roll and deep fried banana for dessert .
And the mint tea was the best I 've ever had .
We also tried the chicken liver pate and the cheesy jalapeño grits .
kale slaw was on menu but they did n't have .
The decor is really nice .
Do n't go talking about your recent colonoscopy or workplace drama as most of the restaurant will hear it .
Throw in coffee and our bill total was only $ 15 !
We both asked for cole slaw , but got potato salad .
I can go back to driving past it when considering where I 'll eat near the mall .
But they 've lost their way .
Which is NOT a bad thing - the food is just this good !
They were both scrumptious but I preferred my sweet garlic .
Sandwich came out with cheese on it and had to send it back , hubby 's eggs were under down .
Brophy 's definitely hit it out of the park with this place !
I love the interior and the vibe was friendly and active .
The staff was friendly when I placed my order .
Especially recommend the roti pancakes and the various noodle dishes .
Pecan crusted reddish was to die for ! !
Nice to see great sushi outside of the city .
Not very professional nor customer friendly .
It was drum fish ( which was very good ) , stacked with fried green tomato and a crawfish sauce .
This place SUCKS ! ! !
It should be so creamy that it sticks to the roof of your mouth ..
The restaurant is decorated with primitive Korean farm implements -- most look like they belong in a museum .
The service was quick and our server was great !
Not the best quality today in my arugula
Really enjoyed a St Pats dinner with the wife .
Ordered the grouper platter and the fish was dry and tasteless .
We went for brunch , am looking forward to going back sometime for lunch / dinner !
If you are wanting a good pizza try Alex 's in Roxborough or Tonellis in Lafayette Hill .
I just thought it was a restaurant , then realized that you got a butcher here , and lots of cheese .
The pizza is not bad at all , for a kids place , and it 's surprisingly clean .
I was really good pizza and wings .
I have eaten here several times over the years and have noticed some inconsistencies .
The kale slaw was fantastic but a very small portion .
My husband had the Hangover burger and really enjoyed it .
The saxophonist was a nice plus .
Also had the paella which was delicious .
On the end of the strip so it is very convenient to get to during lunch hour .
It was an hour and a half+ before I got my order .
I have an obsession with mussels so I had the classic Moules et Frites .
Favorite is the open faced turkey and brunch selections .
The red beans and rice it was served with was terrific .
I came here for the first time because dollar tacos are awesome ( only on Thursdays ) and I loved it .
We ordered and loved the fried pickles .
It was an expensive evening , but worth it for the atmosphere and high quality service .
I 've heard rave reviews , and seen some negative ones as well .
The serving staff was exceptional .
Beautiful store just try not to engage manager # WillRegret
While checking in the 2 young girls spent an awkward amount of time finding our reservation .
Music was a bit loud .
Total price for two was $ 27.99 .
My boyfriend had the french dip with french onion soup , which he liked .
Dumplings : You get five .
Thank you Yelpers for helping us find such a gem of a spot !
I wish we had asked more questions .
We have tried it multiple times , because I want to like it !
Barbara does n't cook it very often , but she has a seafood casserole that 's unbelievable .
( We 've learned your rhythms and know when the douche rolls in . ) In short , we want to give you all our money .
Tomato soup is divine and I 'm not a tomato soup kind of gal , so that 's saying a lot .
These kids better not have jobs once someone sees this because this is so unacceptable .
Simple decor , open kitchen , and really nice staff makes this a pleasant place to eat ; you feel like eating in a friend 's home .
Definitely not the hype the video board showed but it was the airport !
Tried to eat here once and the hostess was so rude & unapologetic about the lack of tables that we just left .
We went with the shrimp and goat cheese crepe , shrimp and andouille sausage omlet , and eggs benedict .
Once again our wonderful server fixed it right away .
Here 's the thing , y' all : Do n't come expecting some fancy - shmancy - LA - annoying - hipster type of burger .
I got the Branch Whiskey Sour and thought it was refreshing , if not a slight bit on the watery side .
Also , the waiter in training spilled water on my friend 's foot .
A few months before the event , we did our tasting for the menu .
I got a cup of gumbo and two a la carte sides .
They had a nice taste and the spice they used was just right .
We have made khyper one of our must go when we are in town .
The blue forager burger was ok , my socks stayed firmly in place .
The service , to also put it nicely , was pretty bad .
The menu was n't cheap but the food sounded good .
Cooking classes monthy are also the best .... we dine her @ least 1 - 2 times a week ....
My favorite thing there is their hot tea -- they have a huge selection of loose leaf tea ..
We had hummus and a bomb diggity kale salad .
if you like it as spicy as the olde city one , you should let your waiter know .
The thom yum soup tastes like my mom 's .
Both were delicious!We started out with the barbacoa empanadas and the cauliflower shishito , which were both delicious !
Granted it was the day of the Alabama / Ohio State game , but the place is n't that large .
If you really have to ask why it 's all in the name itself .
We were excited to finally get a table .
If you are in the area , go !
We did get delicious oysters , watch out the horseradish is spicy .
3rd visit here hoping this place makes it since it 's local , but I doubt it .
I read about this restaurant from a blog by lindork and was very interested in trying this place .
Came in on a Wednesday night around 8 o'clock to a dimly lit , friendly - faced , moderately occupied restaurant .
We will absolutely be regulars at Guido 's ; both dine in and carry out .
The food is excellent and the service was great .
We did n't sample their food this time , but it looked SO delicious , and will definitely try it next time .
The food is basic and simple , not bad but also nothing great .
It was excellent , the best I have had in the area .
It came like hell hot overloaded with hot sauce .
First off , I wanted some meat on my pizza , and secondly ... well ... bacon makes everything better .
The atmosphere is quite modern .
nothing but a lame roller coaster in the dark .
That brought my total to $ 10 .
For someone who is terrible at making choices , I hate those places , since there 's just TOO much good stuff !
You ca n't go wrong with the crawfish ettouffe , and I always order an extra piece of bread for 50 cents .
Their breakfast is amazing , so is their lunch and dinner now that I think about it .
I like Schlafly Bottleworks as a bar / patio spot and I appreciate Schlafly 's approach in general .
I stopped in for take out lunch today .
At 1:30 AM I called them to see if the food would be delivered soon .
I 've eaten at two star restaurants .
The deserts happened , i do not care about deserts , i CARED about these deserts .
We got Waffles and French Toast and other breakfast sides .
Dined at the restaurant for the first time tonight .
I was wanting a burger but was told sides were extra , so I went with catfish instead .
The night ended 3 hours later and completely stuffed .
Fish tacos are really good .
Go up to the counter for carry out .
The beer situation was similar but the mussels were only ok , the broth terrible .
When I asked for a refill , they said " Yes , but it is 75 cents . "
But if I 'm there , it 's my turf .
The bathrooms are nice .
The grilled mixed vegetables with peanut sauce were bland , but the peanut sauce was excellent .
I 'm not sure what makes it a roll rather than a calzone other than it 's shape , but it was delicious .
Comfortable bar and restaurant seating ; indoors and out .
The best item on the menu is the banana pie .
Never had a bad donut here .
I ordered a pint of dark ale and my buddy and I split a order of wings .
I WILL be back ) Prices are good , too .
It was edible and had some nice flavors , but just was n't great .
I 'll be back friends , as soon as work takes me to St.
They offer a ton of options , many of which are pretty elaborate .
I loved the contemporary vibe the restaurant gave off with its brilliant decor .
Food quality was consistent with other Wendy 's and the 4th star was for customer service and fixing the mistake like a pro !
Such a great deal , and it was n't packed .
Stopped by to munch a burger during today 's Seahawks / Saints game , and the place was , unsurprisingly , packed .
Oh and also , the staff knows what 's up .
We asked the waitress if the pizza is a true pizza pie with thick crust like Chicago style .
We started with the grilled truffle flatbread and the rabbit nachos .
The space itself is cozy and inviting with hardwood floors , exposed brick , and has a very relaxed vibe .
The menu is simple and perfectly executed .
We decided to eat in to take advantage of their byob option and have dinner without cleanup .
If I had n't gotten take - out , entire meal would have gone back .
It 's the Brooklyn - Style square pizza .
This woman who had just walked into work took my money and she reaked of booze and cigarettes .
Oh , and that deep fried haze ...
Waiters are very busy and not as attentive .
I 'd put the atmosphere right in between the Taco Bus , and Red Mesa .
All of this was before the piano players even came on stage .
The good first : the service was friendfly and efficient .
And the cave - like sitting area was cold and uninviting .
Mmm , the best pho broth in Reno !
I got the pork belly double - cooked style , and the taiwanese sausage .
We were told 45min for the pie as it takes that long to cook , which is standard for Chicago style .
The cilantro rice was amazing and full of flavor .
Possibly the best - kept secret in Chinese food in the area .
We ordered a Carne Asada , a burrito supreme , and an appetizer was like a cooked jalepeno .
The food is wonderful ( my favorite is the bbq shrimp ) and the staff is so friendly .
We tried the chicken taqutios today .
Compared with the picture of shrimp and grits from another review only 6 days before I 'm not sure what happened here .
No bonus star because even though the food was good , it was n't anything terribly special for the price .
Thay have nice touches like a welcome snack and straw wrappers twisted in a rose .
It was pleasant to rub elbows with of the local college co - eds as well .
Now that I live in Franklin , I go to the one in Cool Springs .
My ribs were tasty , but my husband 's fish entre was a big disappointment .
The craft beer adds a different take to the style as well , all complimenting the food .
The best place in Tucson to get wings !
The food in incredible .
I will give credit where credit is deserved .
This restaurant smells like old , sour maple syrup .
Both of the mains were good and flavourful with a good amount of sauce .
Food was mostly good , but the service , while friendly , was a bit of a mess .
So as I leave NOLA with great memories and experiences , I can gladly say " Beignet done that " .
I definitely feel Nicki 's food taste better ( as well as having better coffee ) .
I 've been here so many times , I 'm surprised this is my first time leaving review .
When it comes to food it 's the best of both , Chinese food and Pizza pies .
We had a party of 12 with lots of drinks ordered and the servers got it all right .
Proscuitto is not easy to slice with a pizza cutter but we made quick work of it .
Do n't want to sound lazy , but the whole purpose of that sales gimmick is so the customer does n't have to go inside .
We love going out close to home and had high hopes that we could add Suegra to our list of regular places .
Turns out , they put beer cheese on top of it .
The staff appears professional , they are attentive and fill up your water very regularly .
My go - tos : tavern nachos w/ angry chicken , sweet potato fries & kale salad .
When the hostess seats you they cover your table in white butcher paper .
They have a few different flavors like matcha or UBE .
I loved the fact that there was the option to order petite serving , which upon arrival to our table seemed laughable .
The reuben sandwich ( $ 11 ) was small , but delicious .
I visit Dooney 's every week for lunch with my office team .
The fries were crispy on the outside and soft in the center like they should be .
And do n't miss out on their brunch .
It was a Sunday night and it still got busy for dinner in a hurry .
pizza was nt that great either , and we had a couple rotten tomatoes on the salad .
So since my family does n't usually like Ramen , we tried a little bit of everything .
In no universe should enchiladas cost $ 25 and tacos $ 18 .
My friend ordered their main house salad while I ordered their large Greek salad .
The lobster tail for $ 26 was dried out and mediocre .
The Buffalo Wings were perfectly , and evenly seasoned with sauce .
I would not recommend to anyone this location .
the crab cake is pretty good and the prime ocean platter has always been very fresh and tasty .
I stopped in at Sunrise Cafe this morning , went to the counter , and ordered coffee and a bagel .
My girlfriend treated me for my birthday .
About 30 minutes later we got refills .
They got that wrong the first time .
One person brought the beer , someone else brought the other drink , then a third person brought our entrees .
I love Wawa , but this one is only okay .
The catfish eaters said that it was okay but the rolls were not great .
The rooms are well segregated from each other , so each party gets their own private dining experience .
I order a plain hamburger , and realized they put bacon in it ( which I am allergic to and unable to eat ) after two bites .
I 've been here one time previously but never realized that they 're owned by the same people as Tropika .
The prices are extremely reasonable .
Tomasito 's was below the standard I have gotten used to .
Very good seasoning and a cool atmosphere .
Very polite and courteous waiter though
Scallops was a little under cooked and the Steak did n't have much flavor .
Fantastic service , Delicious appetizers ( char - grilled and Rockefeller ) , and excellent entrees ( pompano & shrimp scampi ) .
The wings had a flavor that Florida does n't even know about .
I believe one of them might have been the manager .
I would have taken a picture but nom nom nom get in my belly .
The Jamaica drink was delicious and the food was made to order .
All in all , the food quality did n't live up to the hype or the cost .
The menu choices are intriguing , so I 'll be back ! ! !
Oysters were the best I 've ever had .
Found out it was either breakfast till 11:00 , lunch then a dinner menu .
I got the pork chop with red beans and the turtle soup .
None of the foods tasted any less as gluten free , casein free desserts .
The worst customer service and nasty employees EVER ! ! !
The veal parm is not only delicious but also comes in a generous portion .
It has a very shady look , it 's next to a laundromat and a Mexican bodega .
The prepared foods are delicious .
Honestly , I 've been overcharged and/or cheated out of my sides 8 - 10 times .
The food is creative and tasty and the house wines are decent .
Great neighborhood spot .
The BBQ shrimp has to be the best thing I 've ever eaten !
If you 're used to going to good boba places do n't bother here .
Went to ocharleys on a Sunday afternoon , it was n't too busy but I guess our server was overwhelmed .
My heart has been stolen .
They never forget to say , " Welcome to Moooooes " .
And the rabbit and chicken liver pate was super worth since it comes in a huge mason jar .
Our coffee cups were constantly filled and service was friendly .
Maybe I should 've ordered pizza or something else
I do n't need my bar tender to be all up in my grill , but preferably not scowling at me would be a nice start .
My husband got the redfish and he really liked that as well .
So classy and beautiful , everything just screams elegance .
The only reason I gave this food truck 4 stars instead of 5 is because the wait to get food can be a little too long .
I would have to describe it as comfort food ...
I 've taken everyone from family , to friends , to kids to this place and never had a bad experience .
Went here on a date Friday 10/20/2017 @ 5:30 before a movie and all I can say is superb ! .
This was my first time at Cheddars .
It is typical that they lag a lot and they seem to make it after you show up .
The food was perfect and drinks strong .
But , we went back again , this time with the whole family .
We had burgers with the fried egg on it and it was soo good and probably one of the best burgers I 've ever had .
Probably have to say with certainty that I wo n't be returning to CPK .
This is one of my favorite spots for appetizers and drinks .
Well worth the treat .
Shanghai Express is and overall great experience and I would recommend to all !
The food here is so great and fresh .
Two ingredients , people ... I do n't know how this was possible .
The menu is broad and I do n't think there is anything over $ 8 .
My wife had a carne asada burrito .
This is coming from a person that does n't like trying to things , extremely picky , and not very daring ...
My last review was a 2 and I decided to go back and try it but seriously NOT GOOD ! .
So much cheaper than sashimi .
Reservations were for 615 seated at 7 PM .
The service was fast and helpful .
I really enjoyed my Kadai Chicken , and I 'm looking forward to my return to Ekta , for I shall take on the Vindaloo .
I said , " 165 degrees please , which is the temperature turkey should be cooked to in order to be cooked properly . "
No greeting , no refills , The food is ok nothing spectacular .
When it 's 3 PM and you know you ca n't lift another finger until you get a little treat in your system .
My stromboli was to come with barbecue sauce , but there was no sauce .
Now it just falls apart and is a bit more difficult to eat .
Seafood stuffed filet of fish a la Christian 's - This was superlative .
i could taste the dirty water they probably boiled it in .
Even the stupid slots would not take em ? ?
I think you guys can do the math .
I suspect they poured cheap catsup into old Heinz bottles which is not sanitary .
I loved the history photos on their walls and I love the tile designs on the ceiling .
Without a doubt this is the best Thai food I have ever had in Reno , and it is close to being the best Thai food I had anywhere .
Kellys is AMAZING .
I have never had Thai home cooking but I feel as if this is what it would be like .
So what if it 's not as hip on a crowded city street ?
The food was very good , did not disappoint .
It 's major advantage is the design your own Pho soup .
They have a very nice setup , with sections far enough apart so that the restaurant is n't overly loud when the bar is busy .
They do have a counter and a community table , which speed things up a bit if you do n't mind that .
We were served 7 courses and had one choice of meats making it easy to order for the morrocan food novice .
The live music was also a huge plus .
It came with cole slaw , onion rings , tartar sauce and cocktail sauce .
The place has a really cool , modern , urban feel to it .
Delicious biscuits and potatoes ! !
It was a rather small buffet but gave alot of variety .
It does n't overwhelm you with the TeeVees like a lot of sports bars ( there 's just one giant screen behind the bar ) .
Only three tables remained and still took a long time to get to the table .
I had a reservation for 8 pm and arrived 5 minutes earlier .
For my meal , I ordered the Chile Rellenos Con Hongos .
They do have a large delivery area in southern Tampa , as well as Ybor .
Tried my sister 's Pork Chop , amazing .
We love red wines and we usually order cabs , ordered Jordan 2011 , what a great bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon !
Decided to go with the Fried Pork Chop sandwich which very good .
I recommend going with one of their stated combo pizzas , or you 'll be gouged by paying $ 3 for each topping ( WTF ) !
Stayed at tradewinds and thought beef o bradys would be a good idea .
Most of the options were a little pricey and not a huge variety to choose from ( I mean , $ 17 for a burger ) .
But the food is average and a bit over priced .
This Wendy 's just recently went through a much - needed renovation and it looks a lot better than it previously did .
I enjoyed my burger , and there was tons of bacon on it , but I 'm not a huge guac fan .
The only thing right was the chips and dip , if you count that each chip was broke then maybe not .
Wish I had read the reviews before we stopped for dinner .
I had a flight of several beers that were all delicious .
Decent , quick , and relatively friendly service ( although I 'm sure the waitstaff thought I was just some creeper with a baby ) .
No restaurant has a different version of R MR M MW WD ..
Made it a no - brainer to try it and it did not disappoint .
The service was terrible from the start .
She recommended two excellent full bodied Cabernet Sauvignon to match our meal .
If you care about that sort of thing . )
The dessert was a small portion as well , which I guess is to be expected on the prix fixed menu .
Chips were a little over - cooked , but not a deal - breaker .
Was the restaurant unusually busy ?
Fantastic happy hour with $ .50 oysters and half - price drinks from 4 - 6 .
I 'm stuffed by the time I 'm finished , so no complaints from me about it not being enough .
Everything is made from scratch and you can actually taste that and every one of your tastebuds will come alive with each bite .
Grilled caprese sandwich to die for , and have one of the Mazzaro eclairs .... holy heaven ! !
The girl at the order counter was really nice and helpful , giving me tastes when I could n't decide on a side .
It 's no wander this Joe Bob 's is never busy .
I ca n't wait to go back so we can try more of the menu .
That just means , the leftovers will make a great lunch tomorrow as well !
I 'm pretty sure that it 's not about $ 20 for a sumo roll though .
There is no ambiance or atmosphere here .
I did really like chick'n in the crispy ranch .
I thought that was crazy , but obviously Nashville is not a huge hub of Asian people .
The sauces are just right !
The bouncers were rude at the door but the bartenders and receptionist were nice .
He had the Cuban Benedict special , which had an excellent flavor .
The place was reasonably priced and the staff / service was just okay .
The salmon omelet was flavorful and the Old Bay sour cream was a nice touch that worked well .
The chocolate cake we had for dessert was amazing though ; 6 layers of chocolate on chocolate .
The service is very friendly & very fast .
These are the kinds of places where you find the best breakfast !
My group shared the red velvet pancakes and the cheddar cheese biscuits ( with chorizo gravy ) .
Great location across from Redding Terminal .
The sign at door said wait to be seated .
I wanted to try everything but had to control myself so I went for a tostada and and three tacos .
so being # 12 out of 50 on foobooz , i was holding a certain level of expectations ..
So with that out of the way , let me tell you what I think about Pinocchio 's Pizza .
On the bright side a small portions was a plus because less food was wasted- yuck !
Only reason I did n't give them 5 stars is pricing .
The tri - tip was good .
Instead of opting to go to a sit down place we decided to drive thru Steak n Shake .
This place was awesome !
Really sharp looking bar and restaurant .
When I am back in the Indy area , this place will be on my list of potential places to visit .
last night the bartenders made some homespun watermelon concoction .
The great thing about their beer is it does n't have the same after taste like so many places these days .
Boiling corn must be a hard thing to do , as it was the same problem at the Shaking Crab .
I was very satisfied with the level of customer service I received here .
more fat than meat and small portions at that ... the rice was stale .
Glasses were ice cold and the bartender who served us was high .
They upheld the chick fil a standards even with all the chaos of opening day .
Must try are the sweet potato pancakes and the banana pancakes .
Sabrina is lovely and the food is diverse and delicious .
Lunch today was no exception , we had a supper yummy peach Belini frozen drink WOW !
The staff is elegant and affable .
The hot donuts are pretty inexpensive at $ 1.50 , which is what you 'd pay for a non - fresh , stale donut at a grocery store .
Once you 're seated , you get your hands washed with rose water while you 're surrounded by dim light and cushy blankets .
I got the freebird and came out first before my husband 's dish .
So next time I will give them more time to cook and double check the order before I leave -- it was really good other than that .
It 's the perfect spot to meet girlfriends .
Our table ordered 48 oysters to start and the order came out in decent time .
There were $ 0.75 raw oysters , $ 1.50 cooked on the menu .
I know they 're fried fresh , but I 've also made them before , and I know it does n't take 15 minutes .
We finished our beers and went elsewhere .
It was juicy , tasty , with a nice little kick to it .
It was an amazing dining experience - I believe we ended up with a total of 7 courses with a second dessert to go .
Great fast service Asian food in Oldsmar , just a quick trip from most of West Tampa , Westchase , etc .
The Signature Scramble was basic , but good , a little on the small side .
It was almost $ 20 for 2 basic sushi rolls ! !
Hopefully it 's better next time .
Decor was unique and vibe was relaxed .
We get the pizza first .
Marcus recommended The Johnny with fettuccine Alfredo and it was excellent .
Overpriced but pretty good food .
The pupusas are soooo yummy and cheap and filling !
So I am going to come clean here up front .
The prices are reasonable and you get to watch the chef play with your food before you eat it , what else could you ask for ?
We had 1/2 rack of ribs which were meaty , yummy and fall - off - the - bone great .
Do n't waste your time or money
And for anyone who eats sushi rolls you know having to bite into one pretty much makes it fall apart .
The pizza was good a reasonably priced .
Three Muses is a " small plates " place , so that means sharing .
The decor is awful .
Glad to have this place on the west side of town , definitely a good addition to the fairgrounds area .
- Price Range $ $ $ but feels like $ $ $ $
Overall I 'd say 4.5 stars .
They have great food and great service !
Got home , no cheese , no onions , no peppers on the cheese steak , just meat , and bread .
soy wrap available - delicious ! ! ! !
We got one carnitas taco order and a chicken order .
Would rather not watch CNN ( Fake News ) or NFL but little story telling is good to laugh at .
It 's super inexpensive as well , the kind of place you feel well fed after having spent about 5 bucks .
I tried it and it was the best ice cream / custard I had ever had .
I go to this casino very often and for long time now ..
I had the sonoran dog and received two beef tacos that I did not ask for .
Almost made the just ale of putting hot sauce on them , but it was amazing without it ! !
Inside or outside either is an excellent choice .
点了四个菜 没一个好吃的 不适合中国人吃
The bread tasted great , no complaints or issues there .
Mary Brown 's tries to be KFC but lets face it ..
Very small elegant restaurant , entrees were really good and very tasty cheesecake .
Considering it 's located in a museum , I think they do a fairly good job .
I go there often and love the green eggs & ham , bloody marys , and mimosas !
I went to NY Pizza after a Mardi Gras parade last week .
Look for little detail in the style of the place ( such as carbiners and cam lobes in the cement ) .
The service was great -- food was nothing to write home about .
Sunova beach has great drink specials and is also a good place to watch sports .
The frenchman 's section is turning into one of the hipper , cooler musical areas of New Orleans .
Perfect pulled pork .
Tried to get out of the parking lot the next day took about $ 20 min , card was not coded and had to pay $ 21 for parking .
My bourbon street steak was also cooked nicely , but it did have that weird Applebee 's steak texture .
I live right by here and I would drive across town for a gyro before eating here .
This is just my favorite bowl !
It 's also open quite a bit later than most of the other dine - in restaurants in the area .
I usually go to Superior because other people want to ... like my brother and his kids .
Had the Chicken Teriyaki and the dumplings .
Every time I 've ordered food , I 've been very pleased .
And I would probably choose this place over Smiling Elephant because Siam Cafe has more seating available .
My favorite Latin place in town !
My husband ordered the turkey panini .
I 'm not going there football day .
The prices , particularly at lunch , are very reasonable .
Perfectly crunchy ends and just chewy enough in the middle .
This is a little hidden " Foodie Find " and gem of a place .
The price point is amazing .
I was not as impressed with this dish , but the complimentary bread tasted damn good dipped in the spicy garlic oil !
Overall this the closest thing to Nando 's in the area , would 10/10 recommend .
It 's hard to judge this place on service because the time that I do come here was always for UFC .
This is my favorite restaurant that is strictly Thai .
This place is neither and has no excuse .
Suppose you 've been drinking on Bourbon Street most of the evening .
Since I usually come during the workday for lunch , I 'm a big fan of their specialty coffee drinks .
If you are n't vegan / Vegetarian- this is still an awesome quick place to eat !
A must try in the Riverview area !
More memories of walking here from the jr high after school , getting wings and playing Galaga in the back .
I do n't know why everyone is hatin ' on this place .
For a small local place , the crab cakes are very delicious .
The food is delicious but unfortunately the service was horrible .
Thank you for the excellent food and service !
side note : the bathrooms are small and cramped with weird doors .
Every single thing I 've had here is good and FRESH .
The store was hopping .
My husband got the canneloni , which he also really enjoyed .
I need to make sure to try their brunch next time we are in town- seems like it is very popular .
Best friendliest employees that know the menu .
So happy to start the year off with such a great meal ! !
The service here is also great !
I d prefer to give it 4 stars but my wife would nt stop talking about how much she loved her breakfast so I m going with a 5 .
But in a non creepy way ( sometimes I get the heebie - jeebies at other places from employees ) .
My oysters were good they were huge and the sauces were spicy like I like it .
All were delicious , but , then , the cheese puff pastry came out .
Tony Ray 's also holds karaoke night on Wednesday and Thursday nights .
It 's a cakey donut hole with sweet icing draped over it .
Hubby enjoyed his stooge burger with fries .
So I picked what I wanted and placed my order .
My friend got a lamb dish that was excellent and we both split the appetizer sampler .
Granted they comped her meal .
It has a great bar scene .... crowded and loud .
Excellent breakfast here at Maggie Mae 's .
Not a relaxing atmosphere .
Again , exceptional food ( seriously ) , but the service was a 1 out of 5 .
Waited even w / a reservation and tried to be patient since they had just recently opened .
The prosciutto was n't overly salty and the sauce was lovely .
Mallory recommended that we have the house salad that came with the meal .
The pie and ice cream are homemade , just as comfort food should be .
Considering that we all live in Pennsylvania , it says something about quality , atmosphere and pricing .
I typically have no issue with places that ask you to seat yourself , in fact , I rather enjoy picking my own seat .
Pork fried rice a waste of money .
Always a good sign .
.. but that is n't as big of a deal because , like I said , everything is fantastic .
I ordered The Monte Cristo croquenut to go , so let 's see how it holds up in the middle of the night when I try it !
However instead of getting a half dozen oysters , we ended up receiving only five oysters on our plate .
They could have just thrown it in the trash !
Although I have nothing to compare it to , I will say it was a wonderful introduction .
Fine , so finally it became a conversation about " well , what do you have ? "
Got full on about half of it , took the rest home and had it for lunch the following day .
Probably the only thing I could say otherwise is that I wish the donut had more ginger on it ( but again , not a big deal ! ! ) .
Until the next breakfast .
You get a choice of breast or thigh .
Plus the interior and patio are awesome
By that time my whole party had arrived .
$ 11 for 2 poached eggs , 2 small over cooked hard sage sausages , a scoop of sweet potato hash and a scone .
My husband stated that outside of his mother 's ( and my ) cooking , it was the best breakfast he has ever eaten !
The spouse had the filet mignon and she did n't enjoy her piece of meat as much as I did .
Exactly what you expect from an Italian restaurant in the Italian market .
Love the food at El Tumi , but it is truly family run and the service is informal .
The setting is old school New Orleans , and hits the mark .
We come here every summer when we are here .
i would recommend the watermelon salad , the rabbit and duck sausage , the three dips and the boureki !
But we still were happy with the food .
I also got a plate of chicken nachos and I have to call out their white cheese .
I heard about this place opening and finally got a chance to try it last night .
It was a cold salad , still delicious , just not what I expected .
I will start with the crab legs- on the smaller side , but they are okay .
Excellent food and excellent service !
If you like Thai food they 're worth a visit , just make sure to hit up the ATM before you head in !
For appetizers , we had the scallion pancakes and the seafood soup .
If you come here , bring earplugs and comfortable shoes otherwise you will leave early like we did hot , sweaty and half deaf .
Second best taco place in Tucson .
They always take down a list of his allergies and take care to ensure the cake is safe for him .
Sat in the bar .
I think my favorite is the breakfast sandwich .
I hope thought that Dolan 's stays .
And we had to ask twice for the check .
Had a great dinner here .
My husband and I both ordered one and got one to go for my Dad .
We could n't leave because we opted for the " All Day Pass " for the kids .
The only issues i have are that the seating is cramped , too loud for conversation and the coffe is not as good as Sabrina 's .
Also got the last table , however there were spots at the bar .
And , if you 're a party of two , and you were to end up near the door , I would feel bad for you .
The red sauce is sweet , and very distinctive .
Turns out the server was the manager .
We had a Cuban and a BLT , both of which were delicious late nite fare .
They offered a cup of ice ... which was weird or crayons for our little one .
R u kidding me ! !
It did not come with eggs or onion as expected .
I had the Corsica blend , which is delicious .
First off , the salad bar ai n't free .
The fries were great as well and I did enjoy the mayo that accompanied it on the side .
The breakfast with eggs were requested over easy .
The crab cake was actually good and savory , but it was disappointing waiting 40 minutes for one crab cake ...
I could n't stop eating until my entire plate was cleaned out .
For $ 4 , I had a huge margarita , which was unexpected .
My suggestion since there is an italian theme here , is to just give the people the real , best superb bruschetta of Umbria !
Best practice , walk in to the back counter , order your meal and then grab a seat - no wait staff .
I had the Cajun shrimp alfredo and it knocked my socks off .
So this is my updated review of Minato Noodles .
The omelet was soooo rich , like it was made with cream and butter and more butter - cream on top ; it made me nauseous .
That 's good food ; obviously cooked with love !
Housemade sausages , local produce , fresh baked goods- I ca n't say enough good things about this brunch .
He 's a transplant from Tulsa and is adjusting to new city very well .
I wrote a review on this place before about how the pho soup tasted inauthentic and very watered down .
Their prices have recently gone up from $ 7.99 to $ 8.99 , or at least that is what we were charged for lunch last week .
Overall I would give this place 4 1/2 * .
They 're buttery and soft with a nice crunch on the outside .
Their welcome dishes are even impressive .
The burger was WAY overcooked ( Especially when I ordered it Medium Rare ) and the Seafood Jumbalaya was Decent .
The chef has a wonderful respect for his craft , and they have a nice wine list , and good beers .
This time I had the vegetarian falafel pita & it was amazing ! !
You pay more , but you pay for what you get , and that 's a lot .
An excellent place to watch a match ; there is not place that can compare outside of the downtown location .
Real quick review ..
Unfortunately I do not drink but their bar area is a cute little area with pretty good selection of beers .
Honestly , just the plain , fluffy , buttery goodness of the simple biscuit and jam is worth the trip .
Excellent selection of foods and expertly prepared espressos .
Also , the bar areas are very nice .
There are other menu options besides fish and the prices are cheap -- fish tacos are at $ 3.50 per order .
- The food is simply not great .
The gator balls had a good favor but the texture was a little off putting .
* * Staff is all business around lunchtime , so have your order ready and pay attention .
Found this out once we received the bill .
Best hoagies in the main line ! !
It 's an unbelievable amount of food for $ 10 , and it 's all amazing !
It had dried cherries on which gave it a little sweetness which added a nice touch .
Husband had buffalo chicken sandwich which he liked .
So sad my second time eating here was nothing like the first .
The food is good and the atmosphere is nice .
I came here a few days ago with my boyfriend 's family for his graduation dinner .
Bagels were good , too .
The cheese was n't excessive , and they were n't cheap with the chicken .
The dough is soft and flaky with a rich buttery taste and the sweet sauce is good with the pepperoni !
Very nice servers .
My only issue with the experience was finding a chicken bone in the wrap .
It 's so light and the honey butter drizzle on top gives just a touch of sweetness .
Plus I think the tall younger guy that serves tables is ridiculously cute so tbh I 'm probably a little biased
Probably my fave will be the bottomless mojitos on Mondays .
Scenery is beautiful , outside dining is nice , and food was great !
They brought the wrong side dishes .
I carried my friend from Wild Cat to Barbarians and it only took two slices of pizza to bring her back to life .
The ingredients in the burrito were fresh , but there were two significant flaws .
They also definitely need to get an exhaust hood over the griddle .
That 's one thing I love about it .
First , Cheu is a small location .
The round ball of chicken inside is soft .
Limited English staff so it 's a point and nod kinda place .
I got the wrong tea from my server at first , but it was corrected pretty easily .
It 's not bad at all , but definitely not a 5 star place
Had 3 draft beers jai lai !
The draft list is awesome .
I have to say that if the food was good , we 'd give it another try , but it just was n't .
The place is a bit small so get there early or there might be a wait .
The location is perfect , the building elegant and the interior perfectly subdued and romantic .
Yes , I 'm the only one in the world that does n't like bacon and Yes , I realize I was dining at a restaurant named " Fat Ham . "
When it 's busy , you have to vulture it and immediately grab people 's seats when they leave .
Rolls come out so fast its like he knows what your order is before you give it .
I miss this place already , and will def come back next time I am in Philadelphia .
I mean the love and attention they provide to proving quality products is hands down top notch .
The menu looks ordinary , but the food coming out of this kitchen is the work of an imaginative perfectionist .
Ordered a tilapia gyro & it was scrumptious .
The other were the 2 people at the grill house station .
Awesome service , great atmosphere , delicious food ! ! !
I once waited 28 mins !
Great beer selection and great dunks overall !
My beautiful wife and I arrived right at 730 .
the fresh - squeezed juices taste like they were spiked with happiness :)
I 'm all about ice cream , really I am .
We would definitely recommend this place as the crab and oyster shooters were great .
The staff could not have been more gracious and the food was excellent .
Service was also really nice and I enjoyed the lady behind the counter .
The menu covers it all really , so whatever I 'm in the mood for they usually have it .
There are too many BETTER places nearby to put up with this .
Went tonight .
I 'm not sure if this is correct as the hours online and on the front door states that they are open until 10 pm daily .
I 'm by no means a self proclaimed gyro expert , but this absolutely blew me away .
Definitely worth the drive from Edmonton .
Borsch was thin , perogis had very little filling and tasted more like fried dough , and wrapped cabbage was tasty but meagher .
Their patio is not pet friendly which stinks and do not get the veggie burger it is horrible .
I love Blackberry Cafe especially since it falls in line with my goal of supporting local dining locales .
I wanted to love it so bad , but it fell short of my expectations .
Good food ... strange atmosphere but we will definitely go back
They also have a selection of hot sauce on the table ! !
Staff is friendly
I was really excited to see they have lox cream cheese so I got that on an onion bagel .
The noodles have a different texture than that of regular ramen noodles , and they were definitely tasty .
It was tossed in lemon butter sauce and the vegetables were plenty .
I 've had some long waits at that counter and there are times the tension amongst some servers is palpable .
We had been here for Monday night football and liked the divey atmosphere .
Other food at the table was French toast and eggs over medium .
The Abita BBQ sauce they used in the shrimp was amazing !
I felt like I was working for FEMA again and in some hole in the wall truck stuff where that was my only option .
The line moves fairly quickly though and by the time you get your order there is normally a spot to sit down and enjoy .
9 points , you will receive a complimentary special roll or up to $ 15 at the Sushi Bar .
The wait staff was wonderful .
When the pizza arrives , it 's delicious .
CLEAN is the first word that comes to mind when I think of this store .
I ordered the Buffalo chicken sandwich minus the bun and had the veggies .
Their service is also great , but they do get rushes and there could possibly be a wait depending on when you go to dine in .
This is my second trip to Indy and my second trip to 3 sisters .
I ordered a double portion of chicken for it , which still seemed pretty skimpy especially since I was charged for that request .
The appetizers are great too .
it gets so loud you can hear it blasting in the lobby .
Still , super convenient because I live a few blocks away .
If you 're heading to the Plymouth Meeting area , keep Nurvana Indian Bistro in mind .
I loved the biscuits and gravy , extra crispy bacon , sausage links and challah French toast !
The dining room inside is stony and on the cold side .
Amazing food and service ! !
We tried the mussel appetizer , while the wife got the Tamarind Duck and I tried the Panang Curry with calamari .
or " ay , got a nondescript liquid peeking out your bag .
I 've been there twice and have been happy with both meals .
I will definitely be coming back ... and bringing all of my friends :)
Probably best to check other food trucks for drinks .
The place is very clean and the location is great .
The service was great as well .
We had fish n chips and the delicious burger with beacon .
It includes hummus , beets , lentils , baba ghanoush and tzatziki ( cucumbers ) with pita bread .
Other meals were ok , not stellar .
Did not get a chance to eat at Sole , the hotel 's in - house restaurant .
My sister discovered this restaurant and our family is so happy to have some authentic Salvadoran food .
Manager tried to fix the situation and she was polite and slightly more helpful .
And yes the onion soup is the best in Orlando .
then they added 20 percent to our 4 person table for tip though we were not planning on adding that much .
Overall , un - pretentious , good food , at good prices .
Tutto Mare with Caesar salad as a sub .
French - fries here are great too .
Smoked ribs are meant to be a little tough .
No one to take an order .
I ca n't say enough good things about the Riviera Mansion and their ability to host a great party !
Service sooo personal too .
In addition , the spinach has a pleasant heat and is a great rendition of a classic dish .
My brother and I went here because we were craving shepherd 's pie and a couple half & halfs ( Black and Tans ) .
The service was ok , and the dogs were cheap , but there was nothing really special about the dogs .
They have gotten my ORDER WRONG ALL 3 TIMES !
Queso fundido ordered with jalepenos and you get none .
The drink menu was limited as was the wine list .
Besides I do n't want to buy what is supposed to be fresh meat and the like in a place that cigarette smoke lingers in the air .
We ordered 2 apps and a flight .
It 's such a great StL hotspot and I love bringing visiting friends here !
Kids ate all their fish which says a lot .
We did decide to try this one .
And the owners , Chris and Michelle are the most gracious hosts anyone could ask for !
I asked about different drinks and got short , brisk answers .
Terrible customer service .
Ate here last night and the food was not very good .
The squid was overcooked like rubber .
our waiter was packing our food and instead of using a utensil he used his fingers ....
The guacamole they served as an appetizer was great , I 'm a guac lover , and the pistachios added a really nice flavor to it .
Our server was great !
Reminds me of New York pizza .
Too much competition CD Romas ... especially repeating a nasty habit the industry does not forgive you for ...
If you 're coming for anything else , or expect fantastic side choices , this is not the place for you .
I wish that the whole meal is more filling , but at the end it was n't too bad .
I found organic pears for $ 1.69 per pound - and they are tasty !
But I find it pretty blah otherwise .
at lunch , we were able to get our food quickly and get back to work within the hour .
I forgot to check in for 20 % off and take a picture for Yelp , so I guess I 'll have to come back !
Or , I hate mayo , sometimes they just really badly want to put it on no matter that you 've subbed for Ranch instead .
And the level professionalism was a 1 at best for honesty and handling a challenging situation .
The staff were attentive and I think we met the owner one night who gave us some rental advice and other local goss .
For the first time in my life I asked for chopsticks - I was served with spoon and fork .
Well , the brussel sprout appetizer did blow my mind because it was fantastic .
We were charged a $ 5 cover , and I have literally NEVER encountered as horrible service as I have at Copa .
With the help of our waiter I was able to customize by combo of beef , mixed veggies and ginger for $ 13.95 .
I had a medium - rare steak ; it was actually cooked medium - rare , which does not always happen .
I got the chef salad , which was full of fresh turkey , ham , salami .
Our server stated the manager was on her way to explain .
The hotel is massive .
It brings joy to many people , why is it so good ?
Not sure the significance behind the name and logo of the restaurant .
The problem I have is the snooty attitude of the waitress .
My wife and I have been here for dinner in the past so we decided to try their breakfast since we were in the area .
I have been coming here since high school and still stop by when I am back in town .
I think they also had some other items but since I was there for tacos , I did n't really read them .
The beef went on and came off the grill at the same time , so how was mine any different from their 's .
The first plate , a chicken liver mousse , was good , but not exceptional .
If not , and they have a New York Times , a MacBook , and lots of black clothing , they 're at La Colombe in the morning .
The staff and owner are always very friendly .
FUCK YOU THIS RESTAURANT AND FUCK THIS MOTHER FUCKER SERVER .
Nice touch , right ?
We never got our drinks so we got up and left without ordering dinner .
For what is expected of Chinese food , it is on the pricier side , but all well worth it .
I was looking for sushi and was very intrigued with the 5 stars on yelp that I had to check it out .
We came here on a Friday evening right before 6 .
This is why corporate restaurants are dying , because the people who work there do n't care .
Love this spot
The special Grouper with beans and crab was moist , cooked perfectly and had a nice red pepper sauce on the bottom .
But the next worst part ?
Onion rings , were serviceable , as were the fries .
Perhaps its more of a casual / trendy dinner place .
I love that it was a hands .
Instead I ordered a Cesar salad and the meatball appetizer .
Mary had the lasagna , which she said was as good as any she has ever had , and she has had a lot of it over the years .
The only reason why I do n't give them a 5 star is because they had no parking or coat rooms .
I love the crab balls ( I forget the actual name ) but it 's crab chunks w/ pepper cheese or something in a deep fried ball .
So , we had two different experiences here based on the servers .
To say the least , we scraped off all the toppings and still did n't eat all of the rolls .
My husband got the Camarones Ajillo and LOVED it .
And Khmer Kitchen is the best and most authentic Cambodian restaurant in Philadelphia .
Exceeded expectations as always .
The sides were good though .
As usual , Spiro 's provided an excellent meal .
This place has some of the best sushi I 've had in the city , hands down .
I might go back tomorrow ...
No one has read their own guest binder .
Went to eat here on a recent business trip to New Orleans .
Super disappointed to see that Grande Luxe Cafe has removed the short ribs pierogies and the bistro steak from their menu .
With all your new neighboring restauranteurs in The Gulch , is this the taste of complacency ?
I had to take a star from ishkabibbles and make it a 4 star
The owner or manager is currently being an asshole to another member of my party as we try to leave .
They came out golden and crispy on the exterior .
It was delish and hallelujah , no heavy sauce ! !
One of the few diners in North Wilmington , and the only one that probably is n't really bad .
We ordered BBQ shrimp ( best thing on our table ) , rabbit and wood plank grilled fish .
My husband had the grouper and loved it too .
The only place I 've actually had Sichuan food taste exactly like they serve in Sichuan Province was when I went to Chengdu .
The pork buns are amazing !
Also , this WaWa could never have gas pumps , traffic is already congested between Allens Lane and Mt.
Complimentary Limoncello mini dessert shots were a surprise .
The Happy Hour at Luke 's was great , the oysters even better and the service was the best !
Portion sizes on the meals were a bit small for dinner , but were tasty and the french onion soup was actually really good .
I ve been coming to New orleans for years now & i seem to return here often ' nice staff " easy locarion wonderful staff
I had the Boullibaisse which was loaded with seafood in a rich broth .
Service was great ; a charming ambience , a welcoming feeling and good food made for a delightful late afternoon .
A number of the holes are challenging and have views of the bay .
A little pricey , but at least it 's great food .
It 's a wonderfully authentic south philly establishment .
Missing food : -1 star
The refried beans that I got were pretty dry , and seemed like they had maybe been sitting out a while .
I just ca n't get over the staff .
My only complaint about this is the serving size of the guac .
Humans that smelled worse than fish in a can .
Overpriced and underperformed is the best way to describe it .
It 's the perfect relax , chill place to have some beers over nice conversation .
It takes a little while for each order to be made but its perfect on a hot sunny day .
$ 28 dollars for some spicy tuna and a drink is just a little insane , dont'cha think ?
Thank you Mood Cafe for introducing me to my new favorite food !
Hey , Jeanne , do you not even TRY to fix your problems ?
Loved the tuna melt sandwich and black bean soup ! ! !
There 's a cigar bar next door , and a few tables outside to enjoy them .
The food is phenomenally basic but completely predictable .
I 'm pretty sure for both the chicken and the donuts the flavor / spices is the last thing added after they 're deep fried .
The egg rolls were good but nothing overly great .
The extra Ice cream was a gift from the server because I was really not eating much of my dinner .
There was a large selection of coffees to choose from and a large selection of backed good to choose from .
I had heard great things about Cucina Zapata and tried it this past week for the first time .
I remember when this was the place - many moons ago .
My husband got a chocolate donut and breakfast taco and thought they both were super delicious .
My daughters fish was great and the Hawaii plate was a perfect beach lunch !
And great burger the Fondu burger was rediculous .
The toppings and mayo - mustard sauce were delectable on the soft roll , but I was really hoping that I had gotten more chicken .
If I had been rating this place just based on the inside experience , I would have given it three stars .
Had the pleasure of eating breakfast here this rnorning .
I met a friend that lives in the Lou and a bunch of his friends .
I agree that it can take awhile , but Veronica is really quite entertaining and we always get a kick out of her .
Pulled on in , placed my order with a friendly team member , and then picked it up promptly thereafter .
What a brilliant idea !
The food is okay in my opinion .
I was super disappointed in this food outlet .
I 'm sorry , but that is not a good selection !
I do n't know what it is but the line is always long .
After all of the waiting the food was not good .
Would n't go again , but the games were fun except for when they would n't work and stole credits off of our cards .
This brings me to a delicate situation :
Line gets busy between 7 - 8:30 p.m.
next summer to make it 50 ) so we 've experienced the worst and very best of places to eat .
Terrible delivery service & food order was incorrect once received an hour over what I was told .
However , everything is SO yummy , that it 's hard not to order everything your heart desires .
I had the buffalo chicken wrap and fries for dinner .
Had to wait a good 15 minutes before I could drink it .
Their mocha is awesome , I 'd say its in the top three that I 've ever had .
Now to the important part .
The staff is friendly and the food is scrumptious .
Its located in a shopping center , but both the food and setting are great .
Parking can also get a little tight if you do n't get there early .
Waiting on desert , but I 'm sure if it 's anything like their food then it 'll be YUM YUM !
Sombrero frittata did n't amaze me since it has avocados mixed into it and a side of toast that was a like biscotti .
They really focus on the pig to the exclusion of the other meats and I like the beef better so I feel discriminated against .
I would not be afraid to return for lunch as it is quick , clean , priced right , and the food was solid .
Just your average drink .
They also have an amazing selection of bottled soda ....
We were also give only one loaf of bread and were never offered or asked if we wanted another .
My husband had the frozen margarita on the happy hour menu and enjoyed it ... but be warned it 's strong !
My friend put hot sauce all over hers .
She used to make multiple pizzas every Saturday ... and placed a huge emphasis on the dough .
If I could have licked the bottom of the bowl , I would have .
If not for her cheerful friendly demeanor and attention it would have been no stars .
The server was very sweet and helpful , even suggested items to try .
This is my very first time and I have to say the Mexican mocha is super good and chocolate - y but packs quite a spice ! !
I ordered my usual BBQ chicken chop salad , but what I got was not the usual .
I tried some of the samples out on the counter .
Fast easy and near my office , but BAD .
Looked like a lot of locals here ...
Last Friday , I made it to Al 's around 8 pm and they close at 9 pm .
For my meal I got a burrito with beef , black beans , white rice , sour cream , cheese , lettuce and maybe some other stuff .
I enjoyed this place because it pretty hip feel too it .
This place also makes getting down and dirty with your food easy .
I did n't wait very long for a table .
The food was really good , the dough is made fresh everyday and had a nice fluffy crust .
Do n't change a thing , you guys are amazing .
Like a fine diamond , it is damned near perfect .
The atmosphere is awesome .
oh and the coffee is addicting .
he then throws my sub in the bin and says get out .
Even a group of 2 will have trouble getting seated ) , it is totally worth it .
I 've eaten at this location a few times .
The waitress got the wrong orders and repeatedly ignore our request to change it .
Once they were out so I decided to get a chicken patty and it was off da chain .
I do n't know able you , but I do n't clean toilets with a peppy smile .
We eat a lot of crawfish back in Cali , but having it here in NO , you ca n't beat it .
Whenever an event calls for a tomato pie , this is where my family goes .
It was first time visiting .
Delivery issues caused our pizza to be over 30 minutes later than the estimated delivery date .
mom got the chinese chicken salad which she loved .
Despite the sticky floor and fact that my shoes felt suctioned to the ground , service was decent .
To top it off , the mimosa was perfect .
We ended with a bread pudding that was a good sweet end to dinner .
Not only was it one of the best steaks I 've ever had , it was one of the best meals I 've ever had .
What a fabulous restaurant !
This is always my go - to Wawa , less than a mile from my house .
I came in on Sunday and and ordered the Lemon grass soup and my boyfriend had a chili bowl .
The mac and cheese is amazing .
The cheese curds are amazing .
My favorites are the clams w / black bean sauce and mi xao gion ( crispy fried noodle w / sauce ?
My crab cakes were also very good as was the service .
6 ) Get ready for a enlightening experience ....
We were too full to try their deserts but they looked delicious .
If you look at my 100 reviews , you know I do nt give out two stars lightly , but this place was every bit deserving .
They were very generous with the amount of food .
Crabmeat salad
Pita Jungle was empty on a Sunday night .
Extremely rude staff ( including management ) .
We 've also always had really great service every time , so kudos to whoever does the hiring in there .
The jellyfish salad ( goi ) was amazing - better than I 've had at places elsewhere .
To add insult , the steak knife was duller than the butter knife , and I never had to work a knife that hard in a white linen .
Ordered the Curry Chicken and it was excellent but far too much food ( I do n't consider that to be a bad thing ) .
I 've been here a few times so these reviews are based on a variety of visits .
The frosting was kind of gummy tasting and the consistency of the cookie was n't great .
Yep , that cinnamon bread is a winner .
I 've passed by this place for a while and today I decided to stop in !
The sides are very good as well and there 's a wide variety of sides there .
We had excellent food and service while there .
We were able to squeeze 10 into their largest table , but were challenged for space throughout the dinner .
Even so , I love the concept and it really does help kill time as you wait for a table .
I witnessed at least six people trip on the small inclines and step downs .
My hat is off to Lyndel for doing a job so well that it makes a lunch like this memorable .
Came here because of the excellent reviews .
sitting on the counter while she disappeared outside to pick up lunch down the street .
Just south of the Sand Key Bridge to Clearwater Beach , this is a welcome addition to the local fare .
Salty , overly salted food .
Better notes ... the food :)
However , we keep coming back since I love your shredded beef .
Wahoo 's has become a regular part of my busy schedule .
This Chef only buys fried chicken from this place .
The steak looked fairly appetizing , but the plate was also pretty sparse and lonely looking .
My coke was flat but instead of fixing it she just took it away .
We are easy to please and had minimal requests .
If y' all are going to be a late night service industry haven , lets get it together !
I prefer the hole in the wall places where I am the only caucasian in the place a heck of a lot more .
My first experience did mot go well due to the heavy accents of the employees .
A / C keeps it cool and comfortable and the staff was super attentive and polite .
This is probably the only reason they got 4 and not 5 stars .
First off , the lady at the door greeted us with a friendly smile .
Sara was a wonderful bartender and gave honest suggestions .
A lot of their dishes are definitely visually very appetizing .
Great hotel -- location and proximity to everything was fantastic !
I went at dinner time , and they had wild boar , venison , and rabbit .
It was also not at all tasty , and it came with no lettuce , no small side , no nothing .
Love this place ...
Just love this place .
There was a corn succotash on top and it came with orzo , because I ca n't have gluten I chose to sub broccoli .
This place is an amazing authentic Mexican restaurant .
They also have an expansive collection of old soda 's , which make lunch even more interesting .
Skimpy on the meat .
The decor is somewhat cute with the Sailor Jerry type paintings of food , but besides that the place was pretty empty looking .
" Asian " in the title because they serve Vietnamese , Thai , Korean , Japanese and Chinese food .
ALL of the rolls are good , original , and there is a huge variety to pick from .
On our way out I did see that waitress was eating at a table , that would explain why she never came to ours !
They have a strange bathroom where the doors are transparent until you lock them .
Great , great place .
This is a cool place .
Whyte ave bar staff the morning after , hipsters , musicians- never a dull moment .
I had three types of oysters here ( BBQ , charbroiled with cheese , and raw ) .
My husband and I go here often and we have yet to have a bad meal .
walked by here and decided to go in to eat bc supposedly best crepes in town .
I 'm excited about ordering some sweets and freshly baked breads and having them shipped to my home !
Excellent service at this port of subs .
So you know what I had for dinner the evening of Night Market ?
Lol They were fried too soft for my taste and you do n't get much for $ 5 .
My mom explains she wants it at dinner price so she puts the order in .
Worst sushi but probably should n't have chose that cuisine for Tennessee ..
The service was fast and really friendly and we will definitely be back !
I am a pancake connoisseur and I can usually tell a good pancake by looking at it .
The majority of food was good , but honestly , not worth the wait .
However , everything was great , the servers tried their hardest to make us happy .
I went here for Valentine 's Day with my boyfriend and his family .
We eat out often in good restaurants .
This is one vegan place where they give you a TON of food without emptying your wallet ! ! !
Came in around 230 in the morning and the place was pretty busy .
The place was packed and people standing waiting for tables .
Ordered the 1/4 rack of ribs which had 3 ribs including tips which was a lot of food .
It was very creamy and rich , which some love but I 'm not a big fan of .
This thing was incredible and quite possibly the most underrated thing on the menu ( save for their Cobb salad ) .
However , she did forget a few things that we asked for , such as more sauce , a plastic bag , and our credit card back .
I have been to The Libertine twice and had a good experience both times .
And , throughout the whole time their quality has remained consistently high .
I also had the charro beans with bacon and they was heaven in my mouth and tummy .
Very cohesive appetizer .
A little bit pricey , but the quality is good and sometimes great !
I wanted to keep mines as simple as possible .
He said they have great deals on game days and let us know about their brunch on the weekends .
I 've started to ask people I know , " Hey , have you ever eaten at Surrey 's ? "
I 'll stick to Niji 's on 5th .
Margaritas were pretty good , I usually get headaches from em ' but I also did n't pound four of them .
Sadly , I continued to sit there for another 20 minutes before getting my burrito or my chips .
I had driven past it countless times , but as it closes after 2 pm , had never had a chance to go .
We arrived and sat , the staff was great .
But lesson learned , dine in only .
We went close to closing but still got awesome service .
We loved our previous orders but not the one we made last week .
I could drink both by themselves , but each was amazing with pretty much everything on the plate ...
Out waiter Jesse was jam up and took good care of us !
Visited the restaurant twice in the last two months and both visits the French fries were cold and the soup was warm , at best .
A little on the pricey side , though ..
The milkshakes are very good as well and makes it hard to walk out without one !
At the end of the meal the a waitress brought by the dessert cart , which we passed on .
The AC was n't working once and the other time we did n't receive good service .
Everything on the menu is incredible .
I will definitely return to try other menu items that looked great - like the pastas made in - house daily ... that 's next ! !
Bottom line : Sage is n't the most thrilling place in town , but it 's good and consistent .
The dusting of cotija on top was a nice garnish .
They had many new games and also some older games , so it was a nice mix .
I got a couple of Tacos with Al Pastor and a couple Carne Asada .
Tonight I ordered fried whiting platters for my fiancé and me and both had 6 pieces of fish with a heaping of sides .
Highly HIGHLY recommend making this one of your regular spots ! !
The ambiance is definitely the best part of the restaurant .
My boyfriend had the Pad Thai and he loved it .
The Ruben spring rolls are excellent .
The crab cake was delicious and the muffaletta was yummy ...
Share some sides , you wo n't be mad .
The place also looks tacky and there is a lack of cleanliness .
I 'm sitting here starving lol
The Orzo salad is so delicious and the Prosciutto / Fig Tartine is outstanding .
I drank a diet coke , which turned out to be RC cola .
By the way , it was the most amazing salad I 've ever had .
And the serving sizes were small !
Yesterday , I found out he was right .
Sheltered from a rainstorm here for lunch yesterday .
After going there several times going to Fresh I am sad to report my last visit was not up to par .
I , on the other hand felt the Black Label won out .
And there was even a very large party ( seriously , like at least 40 or 50 people ) going on in another room at the same time !
Maynards quickly became a Tucson hotspot .
Brunch included cheese grits , biscuits , shrimp pasta , fruit cups , yogurt , creamy spinach , ham , gumbo , beignets , & cake .
Still does n't give this place a pass , though .
Loved the fried chicken & shrimp cocktail here .
I ordered the shrimp & grits ( the best I had all trip ) .
Day 3 of my Chinese Food run and I chose Asian Chef .
I might add that our meals were very generous and we had leftovers !
I would n't have it again , and I do n't recommend anyone try it , especially if you have had a good gumbo .
Since our waitress was MIA most the time , got another server to give us more napkins , she gave us 2 more paper ones .
Definitely and highly suggest this place
Pricing is amazing - $ $ indeed .
Very small but clean little restaurant .
Deff worth the trip , ca n't beat it for $ 35 all month long .
luckily she does n't use yelp ) .
3 ) Great mixed drinks that were worth the wait !
I do not eat fried fish but the next time I 'm there ( and it will be soon ) I"m trying their friend fish sandwich .
Frenchman was definitely my favorite area of Nola and Three Muses is a running contender for number one on that block .
Every time I come to the Philadelphia area I always plan to go to Mandarin Garden .
The creole sauce is good too .
The filet was a little overcooked for medium rare .
The owner even came by and entertained my son for a minute .
Although the food was good , I probably wo n't be going back due to lack of ambience .
The food is extremely good .
The sushi chefs are super funny and and hook it up everytime !
Tonight , they charged us an extra $ 5 , but was easily correct , not a huge deal .
When I asked her about it , she said every guest deserves the same experience .
Then I said give me a green salad which he was going to charge me the same price as a Ceasar salad .
i 'm hoping the service is fixed and am giving them the benefit of the doubt because they just opened .
The fiesta cheese was pretty good , however , stay away from the swiss .
I have a feeling later on a weekend it would be a lot more lively and fun ( and packed ) .
We never had to ask for drink refills or new plates .
I agree with some of the other commenters , the place is okay , but not worth the hype it gets .
Found it affordable and definitely recommend this place .
If you like lobster this is the place .
I also liked the corn tortillas .
They sell their bacon jam and , my goodness , how I 'd recommend it !
This was a great spot to relax at after a long fruitful day of fun and gambling .
You could smell the old oil off the plate .
So , I have to recommend Red Pony because it 's like a little slice of chi - chi in friendly , lovely Franklin .
The place is very clean and looks fairly new or at least newly decorated .
Peak dining hours can get very busy here , but your sub will be worth the wait ...
The pancakes are easily the best in St Pete !
I had to write this review before we left because I do not want to forget how wonderful the food is .
My burger was perfect .
Wander in at 6:00 on a Saturday , and are told its a 2 hour wait for a table .
worth a trip if i happen to be around the Norristown area ..
Deal on fish and chips .... buy one get one free !
I so look forward to summer when they make key lime tarts ... wonderful !
There was easily 5 - 7 tablespoons of oil on the dish .
It is a little too dark for my taste but it is a nice place and the deals were awesome .
To their credit , they offered to bring my sister another pork chop and bring us new fries .
-Food not prepared as requested ( requested sausage links burnt , even after sending them back still not as requested .
Cheese : 5/5 - There 's so much cheese !
I have been to their establishments in FL , VA , MD , and this newer location in Exton PA .
My initial observation is that the restaurant is far too noisy to hold a conversation .
The stuff finally comes out and tasted perfect !
I have never had lunch or dinner there .
My grandmother said she wanted a burger and when Nana wants a burger , she gets a burger .
We used to be real fans of this place and have watched it deteriorate slowly over the years .
I understand Sapore also has an excellent cannoli which I would like to try on a future visit .
If you 're here for beer , you 're in the right place .
We did a dinner cruise .
We ordered the sashimi combo and the pieces were smaller than the size of a pinky .
In town for work and decided to stop for dinner after smelling it while walking by the night before .
The pita bread is a little on the dry side but otherwise ok .
My girlfriend and I go to B Good pretty frequently .
From the food & variety to the service , it sure was n't like it used to be when it opened .
The sauces are glazey and are sweeter than most other wing places .
There was a thin layer of crunchy fat wrapping about the piece of meat , which actually gave it more flavor and texture .
She is exemplary and a great asset to the restaurant and hotel .
The verdict : delicious .
Service : Friendly and there were some recommendations too !
lol lasagna special on wednesday is delish too .
Great place to get out of the New Orleans heat .
The mixed drinks - strong and tasty .
My review is based strictly on the food .
We got the Titan special for two and my daughter got the kids steak and fries .
Coming from a Mexican background , I can tell that this is not an authentic Mexican restaurant .
I can totally see this being a place for people to stop in for a pizza snack .
None of us would go back when so many better options are available .
I m really not sure how this place gets any good reviews .
I drive past each day on my way home , so was thrilled to see an OPEN sign .
The bacon wrapped dates are the bomb !
Food is always wonderful and the owner is just awesome ! ! !
All in all , we liked everything we had and if we are around the area we would go back .
Long story short : do n't be in a hurry .
Additionally , the breakfast biscuit was outstanding .
My husband ordered the chili cheese hamburger - the portion was huge !
The farmers plate also came with jam , mustard , caramelized nuts and crostini .
I loved having a front row view of the deliciousness about to be laid in front of me .
Pulled BBQ sandwich had so much fat in it it was impossible to eat .
It 's a beautifully planned out space , and you can really escape the chaos of an otherwise hectic day here .
It was superb and not too sweet which is a plus for me .
I 've been hearing about Han Dynasty since before I moved to Philly , people seem to really love this place .
It causes tension between friends and coworkers and makes us all not like the restaurant .
They have an awesome blue and red truck , you ca n't miss it .
I had the costanza , and the fillings were tasty , but the crust was disappointing .
He was knocked to the floor , and has been telling everyone about it ever since .
Their fresh fish ( sashimi ) is delicious !
The bier and the drinks are so good .
And they did n't have anytime to special make my order ....
The pita was great and immediately made me a repeat customer , as I came back a few days later .
Hibachi chef put on a great show.when they say to try to catch saki as they squeeze it out of a bottle it is real saki .
I buy coffee often , and I cringe every time something is run up at $ 1.97 or something ridiculous .
We 've been coming to Reeds since the beginning , and probably dine here at least once every 6 weeks .
TL;DR The cafe side is phenomenal but the check - out process and desserts are lacking .
Overall , I highly recommend this place .
Then he charged $ 8 when the menu said $ 6 .
Refreshingly delicious compared to crappy chain food pizza ! !
Hung up after a few mins , only to call and call to listen to a busy signal .
Very hard to hear your number being called out .
And on top of it all it 's not hard on the wallet .
I was very happy to see they had a tofu bowl on the menu options .
The food was a solid 4 stars , but my review overall is rounded up for the above mentioned points .
The beef is locally sourced .
The staff is spread out pretty thin so you must be a bit patient hence 4 rather than 5 stars .
It is honestly one of the best burgers I have ever had .
Again , $ 18.99 ... and the plantain portion of the meal consisted of 2 plantains the width of a postage stamp .
The oysters here were good but not cleaned as well .
The atmosphere is very swanky with well dressed good looking people at every table .
Which consisted of grilled chicken , portobello mushrooms , spinach and provolone .
Had the Greek omelette and hash browns , everything was cooked to my specifications and came out fast .
My shrimp and grits and my boyfriend 's burger were great too !
Came here for dinner with some friends and family and there was no wait and got seated outside .
The 50/50 fry basket took 20 - 30 minutes to arrive .
Clearly the duck was brined but someone lost control of the salt with the rest of the dish .
I have n't been able to stop thinking about the ice cream OR the pizza all week .
Delicious and the waitress was awesome !
Overall , the food was good , but pricey .
There was a line but it moved quickly and they let you look at the menu while in line so the service was quick .
Fantastic pizza -- the pie is especially good .
I would choose this restaurant over Panera any day .
I 've also tried the shrimp po boy on a few occasions and found it to be very tasty as well .
Pizza and sandwiches are all great .
He is so friendly and treats each customer as if they were long time friends .
I recommend norange palow , the saffron rice is divine
There 's a wide variety of menu items anywhere from wings to calzones .
For anyone from NY / NJ , it 's one of the few places you could get classic pies like they make over the bridge .
But there was only maybe one new customer that came in since we had been there .
Not Your Average Joe 's ( right across the street ) also serves pizza and their service is fabulous .
Great quesodilla with very tender steak and the Chipotle sauce was great .
Went here for Valentines Day with my boyfriend and we both loved it .
The yolk was perfect for dipping with the fresh baked toast .
Like for real I 've seen like 4 groups walk in order , eat and leave and we have n't got anything yet .
Did you try the chicken and waffles ? !
It was 35 $ for two of us and the drinks were too sweet to even finish .
The service is sweet and personable .... leave the hoitty - toittiness at Ruth 's Chris .
And since they are relatively new ( opened summer 2008 I believe ) they are very clean .
It is marveous to find such a cute mexican bakery in Nashville with courteous staff .
Definately recommend if in the area !
I got their crab cake .
So I got a hot chocolate instead .
The decor is cacochromatic ; the paintings lack a theme in style or color , and the upholstery is bad .
Do n't just exchange food for money , be elated someone chose your place !
Gross permutations of ramen .
I recommend this place to everyone .
I loved their samosa chaat though !
The food here is so good , they have a great patio and the staff is very attentive and professional .
Over all the service was good and our food came our pretty fast .
Been to MOD pizza once and the experience was something to remember .
I decided to order ( 2 ) thai short rib tacos while my girlfriend got the cap'n crunch tilapia burrito .
Everyone has a bad day but do n't take it out out on the customer to the extreme .
All and all , one of the better coffeehouses in the city ( cheaper and immeasurably better than Starbucks ) .
The food here is amazing , the pricing is very affordable , everyone was very friendly .
It seemed a little ridiculous for a few tacos , plus they were n't even hot .
I grew up in the south and love Popeyes , by this one is horrible !
No , I would n't want one of these in my neighborhood .
I 'll try it again and get another dish on the menu , but I was so sad about tonight 's experience .
Other servers were great too !
I had to ask for silverware , but that was rectified right away .
The calzones are a good size , but they were a little skimpy with the meat fillings .
One white guy making sandwiches alone .
You can tell everyone cares .
The service was fair but I would n't necessarily say it was incredible .
There is nothing you can do to change my review .
They need to have their sign out up out front !
The doughnuts are nothing special in my opinion .
Just to clarify , I ordered some beef short ribs , chicken teriyaki , and green onion cake .
But hey , it 's The South lol .
Hers tasted like a quesadilla oddly enough .
This is a nice place for Taiwanese food .
We 've been many times and will continue to go on a regular basis .
The fountain soda machine was just for show ... pop comes in 2 - liter bottles here .
and 2 just talking behind the counter .
On my way out , I received a $ 1 token for my next purchase , so I 'll be back !
So my city lost a jewel ; nevertheless , happy for Santa Barbara for their new found treasure .
I was interested in trying the bourbon whipped sweet potato but I 'm glad I did n't .
Yes , thus 30 something ruined my experience .
First off , it is in a great location ( Rittenhouse Square ) .
-there were lots of pillows , and the wireless worked well .
But the dumplings were so good we had to get another order and the cocktails were so good we had to each get ( ahem ) two more .
The wait staff were nice enough and somewhat attentive , but slow .
I will be happy to review the food soon , I just got to get my butt in a chair there lol !
I love the place , it so cute with the farmhouse feel .
I was told that I could not have it that way .
There are some really creative dishes , both sweet and savory .
Loved how they repurposed the Old Woolworths , the aesthetic is so cool ! !
The chicken enchiladas are amazing .
Good choice of sandwiches and toppings .
The vibe is fun , very laid back .
He always knows just what I want and remembers my name when I go there .
Food was AMAZING !
I love the portobello sandwich .
Better than most other places , except for Dunbar 's , and the staff is an unusually happy bunch .
There are a couple couch seating areas and a lot of 4 tops .
I agree with the other sentiments about the food and service at the new location .
Tender beef , crunchy broccoli , zesty General Taos Chicken .
Working in the food industry i know good service when i see it and she did nt have any of it .
Great job GSR johnny rockets !
My boyfriend and I ordered combos , both including pulled pork and spare ribs .
I am personally not a huge fan of white fishes , so I feel that I did n't enjoy the bronzini as much as someone else would have .
I 've had better , mind you , but for a quick and reasonably priced lunch , it was nice .
We ordered , got our lunches , had the table cleared and checks paid in half hour .
They are made with a sriaccha hollandaise and placed on Belgium waffles .
I had a pasta in a mushroom broth for dinner which was also fantastic .
Stopped here for lunch on the way to drop some people off at the airport .
Fish tacos were decent .
He said it was out of this world .
About a week prior to my trip , I pricelined a hotel for downtown St.
I ordered the spinach and prosciutto pizza .
Nothing fancy , just fresh homemade food .
Well not this exact location , but nevertheless to Blaze Pizza .
Harry & Izzy 's has a warm and inviting atmosphere .
To be fair , at the end of the day , they 're just serving pancakes - but as pancakes go , these are the best you 'll find .
10 minutes later , she came by again and said she had just heard the kitchen was slow and ticket times were long .
which sucks but like i said the food is so great its worth it .
The tuscan fries were good but had a LOT of garlic .
There were times when quite a few tables were open at a time .
Portions were n't very generous but at the same time were exactly as expected .
Came here with my SO upon my return from a 10 - day work stint in Mexico .
I do not recommend this place .
I almost forgot dessert ... an entire side of the room is dedicated to a table full of desserts AND a chocolate fountain .
The egg rolls are one of a kind and food is authentic .
I give it 3 stars for the neighborhood & maybe it was an off night .
The parking is extremely limited - so limited the restaurant had to apply for a variance for parking .
I 've only had the rare steak pho here but it was the best pho I 've ever tasted .
Penne was terrible , pretty much crunchy with same strange tasting sauce as chicken parm .
Floyds- 3 am time to go home ?
Nothing fancy just a great place to go .
Fresh bakery , deli , pasta , cheese & wine room , butcher , coffee bar , amazing sandwiches ! ! ! !
My companion ordered the knackwurst and saurerkraut with mashed potatoes on the side .
It was pretty loud and my food was lackluster .
Even if there 's a bit of wait , it 's still quick and definitely worth it .
I try the calamari everywhere , and Plate 's version was very good , crunchy , with a little spicy aftertaste .
Pork belly tacos were yummy , as was the artichoke and kale dip and the spinach salad with a soft boiled egg .
I did n't find that the tables were kept up or anyone walking around checking to see if we need refills .
As a result , I do n't care too much for the baked goods ) .
A no - no on the soup though , I think the " vegetable soup " was fried rice leftovers in chicken broth .
Do n't pass this place up .
The service was good too !
This place just opened up near rivers edge apartments .
Main course of Pad Thai and Curry dishes were equally great !
My husband ordered the " knuckle sandwich " , ( tri - tip sandwich served French dip style ) .
The fish is tasty .
b / c that 's the only way they 're gon na make their food taste any better .
I seriously do n't know how they can be so quick and great all the time !
If you do not have a car and need some photos after a crazy night I guess this would be the best spot available in Isla Vista .
My husband and I came here after a 5 K at the Laurel Hill cemetery .
and that bacon made it even better !
No hello , no goodbye , no thanks and have a good day .
Just an add - on .. the guy helps his community .
My entree was pretty good , however the rest of my party 's food was n't even cooked properly .
Every month I eat here and it is the best value for your money .
The food here is amazing !
I also enjoyed the pad Thai and my friend really like the Korean tacos .
Their sandwiches are massive , so luckily we had enough to share !
Best fries ever ! ! ! !
Just moved to the area and was excited to have our first Sunday morning breakfast downtown after church .
I ordered the Reuban and it was very well executed and was the perfect amount of food for $ 10 .
Batter was a bit heavy but the calamari itself was cooked well , not rubbery at all .
It should have come on the side so the patron could decide how much or little was appropriate for their taste .
So few interesting restaurants in the north half of Tucson .
This place is delicious I live far from this place but it 's worth the drive for sure .
Happy Hour was very crowded with no tables available for seating .
And overly seasoned in my opinion .
I ordered the new cold brew coffee and carrot cake pancakes .
Very knowledgable , well spoken , knew his menu .
It came with a side salad ( great honey mustard dressing ) and homemade chips ( favorite part of my meal ) .
I 've had a few JD 's in my time .... but by far , this was the best I 've ever had .
Fries were tasty .
I ordered a salad , which was $ 13 dollars .
It 's never excessively busy - they just do n't seem to know how a bartender / server is supposed to treat customers .
Everything was actually pretty good but the steak was the best .
I just noticed in the reviews that they did the same exact same thing to another customer .
Another employee intervened , and kindly put through the order for pizza .
This tops most places that do n't even include any of that .
Just not a quality piece of meat and not well prepared .
I ended up getting a quesadilla while waiting .
I found this restaurant on Groupon .
So why go to a place with basic service and little atmosphere ?
To start off , we ordered Vietnamese spring rolls which were delicious !
In - laws split the half - chicken with two mashed potatoes All of us were oohing and ahhing through the whole meal .
The food was cold and nasty did n't even eat half of it and waited over an hour ...
We had to wait many times for our waitress to come back to fill drinks .
The jambalaya was decent but the catfish was again plain .
I have definitely found a new place to come back to every time I visit Santa Barbara‼
They layered the cheese on the sandwich , which to me is a must for a true egg sandwich .
Their food just taste pre made/ frozen .
Sorry for the lengthy post , but i think this should clear some things up .
So GOOD and the employees are very friendly !
We also love the groothie and the green lemonade .
I can now say that my first visit there was just an off day .
Went here for the first time , and was overwhelmed by the amount of choices !
Not the best but not the worst food .
Not impressed :( had high hopes
My coworker ordered the octopus ink pasta and said he felt like It was undercooked .
We had Kabobs , Cold Platter , and vegetarian stuffed peppers ..
The falafel sandwich is rolled up like a burrito with a pita .
Nice people on the ship .
Servers were attentive but pizza took over 30 minutes , and that seemed to be the average for any order .
I was in the mood for salmon - so I paired it with a spinach salad they had .
My husband often go and we get one large pressed cuban and one potato ball and one deviled crab and 2 drink .
I 'm very upset with the service on the phone follow up .
I wish the dish size was slightly larger for the price but it was delicious .
Pad Thai , butternut squash soup , and ushroom tostada was so good .
The mixed vegetables was a gray mash of peas cabbage and carrots cooked to death and they were just warm not hot .
We have been here 3 times and enjoyed great , friendly service on each occasion .
I do n't know if they do that year round .
My husband and I started off with the seafood gumbo , and it was delicious !
The server knew the beers well , but not food menu ingredients .
But the food it 's really not so great .
Our waitress was wonderful , all the staff helped pull it off .
Food was amazing- I 'd suggest the tenderloin .
As I walk out I was not the only unsatisfied customer .
We had a late dinner of panini and salad .
The ingredients were fresh and the bread was excellent , usually a deal breaker for Florida .
The service and staff are wonderful !
It also burned for over an hour and a half -- awesome !
The space indoors is cozy , but the tables are pretty well spaced .
The pizza was wonderful and the 10 " pizza was enough for the two of us after having had the wonderful date appetizer .
I was disappointed at the flavor .
The shrimp was so juicy and the sauce , whatever it was , I wish I had more .
Do n't know how often we will come here as the prices are high but you get quality food !
Every night they have some type of pitcher deal for their drinks which is nice .
Very comfortable dining room area as well !
You would thinking working there they would be required to know the more major landmarks out there .
I 'm surprised by the negative reviews .
I 've tried BBQ from all over the country and this place is definitely a top competitor .
If you were in LA the wait would be doubled if we were at home SFe NM the price would have been tripled !
I was on my way to grab lunch and passed by a cute window display and decided I would come their for dessert and coffee .
One vegan in our party went with just cajun fries .
Great place to go after spending the day at City Museum .
Yes , I had to type in caps because I love it that much .
Hai street kitchen 's sushi burritos are hit or miss .
The next time I 'm in Madeira Beach , I 'll be ordering from a different sushi spot than this one .
As hotel restaurants go , this place was very satisfying .
However the whole " you have to be out in 1.5 hours " is a major turn off .
The hashbrowns were of particular note , cooked with quinoa , kale , and green onions that add a great depth of flavor .
This is such a great coffee shop and a great addition to east kensington .
The food was good ( definitely on the pricier side ) , but the service was terrible .
But that special spicy sauce .
Stopped in on way down 611 to the Tpk .
It was still good and we were glad we went , but I was craving that VIP experience by the huge fish tank .
There is something about the greesy meat and cheese with the shell that 's covered in parmasean cheese ; it 's soooo incredible .
I got three sides - 2 eggs , Canadian bacon , and multi grain toast .
I would n't go out of my way to eat Cafe Roma , is what I 'm saying .
but if u r looking for a place to get drunk ..
The pork belly slider in my opinion was n't very good .
I can not wait to return for a long weekend-- wish we had this in DC !
I had two eggs and my friend had a salad .
Continuous failure ! ! !
I 've been here a handful of times and it 's never been really busy .
So , while I 'm not alone , I am glad that I 'm in that company .
But how on earth are we supposed to relax or sleep in a room that feels like 86 + degrees .
So CB 's has this fantastic raw oyster deal and the oysters are a fair size as you can see by other people 's pictures .
This place beats Royal Thai .
I came on Saturday in the afternoon and enjoyed my time there .
I did n't like the restriction of choosing 4 items on my small salad .
The baked potato was exquisite and the spicy fita added a nice touch .
service was great and friendly .
I thought the avocado egg rolls were a must try and was not disappointed .
Awesome place the steak tacos are amazing and the rum bucket is definitely a must ! ! !
I have always been enjoying hibachi at this place with large groups of friends .
It almost tasted like the restaurant added fermented shrimp paste or something similar .
The service was friendly and fast .
The dirty gumbo is well seasoned and their cornbread is great .
The menu is n't big , but there 's plenty of standard bar foods .
Finally had the lamb braised noodles and they were great .
Not to mention , it was very affordable for the generous portions .
I probably would just eat all the apps and sides because they were well worth it .
Unfortunately , I just read that the headbrewer is leaving Cabinet Artisinal Brewhouse .
My son had the chocolate chip pancakes and he liked them so much he requested a second order .
A few items came with extra goodies included that were not listed .
Did I mention we never got our drinks refilled and they bussed our table mid - meal ?
I ordered the organic bagel and a smoothie , while my wife got poached eggs .
Will be going back for the crawfish pasta .
Last but not least , we had the potato and squash gnocchi for $ 25 .
Looking forward to our next visit to FL .
Update : I went inside this time where there were maybe 3 tables sat and 3 people waiting on orders at the counter .
I could list the must have items but that 's everything .
I 'm from Texas but am a big fan of Stephan Starrs .
Red beans were terrible .
There was running egg and great cheese and cream sauce and wonderfully tasty ham .
Our waitress , Donna , went above and beyond what a server should do and was a true delight !
The chicken tasteless , the sauce ruined by the peppers and onions and the cheese cold and pressed into the bread .
both good but the sweet potato pancakes were AMAZING .
I only wish it was as good as its counterpart in Northeast Philly , but alas , it is not .
Someone needs to find out who 's in charge of greeting diners as they walk in to this place .
The fries were smokin ' hot so I ate a good portion of the burger first .
I wish the Village pub would focus on what it 's best that , serving beer , and let us bring Mitchell 's sandwiches over .
The owner served us and he was very nice , but I do n't think people eat in the restaurant very often .
Scammy business with trash servers who literally​ do not give a crap about their job .
We went in different directions on our entrees so we could each sample each others .
After factoring that I had to pay full price vs their combo price , it was pointless to use the gift card .
I find this location has its good days and it 's horrible days .
Love these guys .
One was a chicken dish with onions and the other a pork dish with kimchee .
Ordering a pizza from these guys is a roll of the dice .
I ordered the grass fed expensive burger , and it was ok , but I 've had better burgers .
I luv coming here .
But not heavy feeling .
Despite the fact it 's part of a small chain , many locals consider this the best steakhouse in town .
almost everything on the menu , I 'll refrain from doing so .
sometimes the workers seem out of sync .
You 'd forget what you had ordered because their would be only one or two pieces .
Lattes here are always amazing including the food !
The plates are small and pricey but flavorful .
It was busy but no wait .
The miso soup is very flavorful ; a far cry from many bland misos I have had .
They could improve a bit on service ... but the staff is very friendly .
I also enjoy the cochondelait poboy , shrimp & grits , and croque madame , which are excellent .
I learned my lesson the hard way on this .
and service is good and timely .
They let you sample flavors which is handy because they have a ton !
The phone ordering was awkward with an employee passing the phone to someone else ...
The mashed potatoes did not seem to be made from scratch , surprising for the price point of this place .
This is pretty average Mexican food .
I particularly like the marguerite , Mediterranean , and meat pizzas - all excellent .
I also recommend the black bean soup , the mediterranean sampler , the blue corn asparagus tacos , and the falafel wrap .
Overall my experience at Katie 's has always been great .
Other than that , I have n't tried the food yet but I heard it was good .
Thank god a lot of restaurants are getting rid of the those buzzers that make you feel like you are under house arrest .
I think they went overboard on the TV 's , but that 's just me .
Perhaps the best and most affordable meal we 've had in town in the last several years .
Atmosphere is casual .
Louis fine dining scene or good food more generally .
Turns out that its half price bottles of wine all night .
Probably not good for my body but GOOOOD for my Soul !
Curtis is the true epitome of great service .
They are fast , attentive , and genuinely nice people .
My favorite dish , the octopus rice bowl , is what has gone down hill the most .
Quality and taste are excellent !
I will be back again and again because the service was friendly and fast , and the food was mind - blowingly delicious .
Would absolutely go back for lunch or brunch .
The burger was delicious , the bread was incredible , all of the flavors combined wonderfully .
There was a " Carolina " burger on the menu ( suspicious that this would really be Carolina style i.e.
I love to add on avocados , red bell peppers , bacon , cheddar , and mushrooms !
There food is surprisingly good too .
The falafel salad was the best .
I did n't have a desire to consume an entire meal of this , so I ended up not finishing .
This place is such an unheralded gem .
When we are hungover ( or just lazy ) , this is a block 's walk .
Will definately go back again .. great place to go with a group .
The food is amazing and the prices are reasonable with a good happy hour !
Wish this place was closer to home ... but will be back again ... when I 'm in the area !
The staff was really nice , the place is small but it 's homey .
The sweetened iced coffee is yummy and so are the fried bananas !
We love both places .
Well if the smell of dirty dish water did n't turn me off the noise of the kitchen sure did .
Place was a bit sketchy from the cheesy ambiance , but the sushi made me understand why people talk about this place .
Most items were sitting in puddles of grease .
Best on 2nd Street by a long shot .
Although it was 10 pm on a Wednesday night , she was hesitant about sitting a party of two at a large table .
The only reason it did n't get 5 stars is because it is a little pricey for the quantities .
Also , why do all the waitresses wear false eyelashes ?
The guacamole was not good and did not taste fresh either .
Everyone at this location has been friendly , efficient , and accurate : half a dozen orders and never an incorrect one .
It was fresh , delicious , and crispy and doughy in all the right places .
The pecan pancakes were flavorful , sweet , fluffy , and packed with pecans !
It 's a great hangout , chill place !
I ca n't believe I have n't wrote a review yet .
I overlooked this because the fries were also really good .
Checked on us throughout the meal multiple times .
I loved my chicken taco salad and the plantains we got .
She only had two tables .
You have to envision what the raw ingredients are going to look like after they are cooked .
Ordered the fondue as a starter and the " vegetables " noted on the menu was one vegetable ..... be warned .
So I 've only had delivery , so I know the food has to be even better when its fresh .
Overall I think Ru San 's is a fun place with good sushi and a cool atmosphere .
We also had a chocolate malt really good .
Many people did seem to have their food and then get a drink to - go as they walked around Jackson Square .
Good friends , I assumed food decent at worst , so sounded like fun .
The facility is alway clean and Burger Monday is of the chains good ! ! !
What a wonderful restaurant !
The waitress was nice though .
All in all the check came to $ 42 after drinks and tip .
The selection of pancake styles is amazing .
-Delicious guac - I knew this going in but I would also like to add that the chips were tasty to boot .
The Larb Chicken Salad is the best I 've had ever ; and I have had the opportunity to partake of Thai food all over the country .
The service was good and the seating was comfortable .
As a whole it may be the best lunch ever .
It would seem like there should be an even flow because the orders are already up before you even get to register .
So glad to find this place !
The service is horrible .
I think we 'll stick to stopping in for a drink and skip eating there .
I chose Beef and Chicken and asked for only vegetables , no rice .
We had the charcuterie and left .
We asked for a box for our leftovers that it took her three more trips by our table to remember to bring it to us .
I had the " chicken " enchiladas .
The coffee tenderloin is absolutely the best steak I 've had and I travel and eat out a lot , it 's incredible .
Aroy Thai earned their poor ratings .
We threw out last two orders which were pickup orders .
Prices were great as well !
Kind if annoying to get the receipt and see that .
My husband savored a St Elmo 's Prime Rib sandwich ( $ 18 ) which came with fries .
Alas , I decided to share this review .
The drinks took a while to arrive and the food took a very long time .
This time , our family of five got in right before seven and was seated right away !
Ok , tried it a couple more times .
A fresh , delicious beachy experience .
The desserts were good .
We 'll be swinging by to take some home with us .
Super interesting concept .
Points all around for presentation , creativity , and taste !
I really wish Blondie 's would pay attention to the job their servers are doing .
Did the cooks change ?
I have not felt so comfortable even in my own hometown .
The questions are somewhat easy and you are n't leaving like you are an idiot .
I adored the salmon on fire appetizer ! ! !
Far too expensive for the poor quality of food and the strange atmosphere .
The drive thru was fast and the worker friendly , efficient and professional !
You have restored my faith in you .
A friend suggested this cafe for a lunch date a while back and I can not stay away .
I am a little fussy about fresh cut fries and mine would have been better if they were a little crispier .
The music is Latin as well .
I highly recommend this place .
Fish & chips came out freshly fried and piping hot .
My nachos arrived around 40 minutes later only after reminding one of the runners twice I never received my food .
I have been given their cupcakes as gifts , and I ca n't even share them with others because they ARE THAT GOOD .
Only reason I 'm giving a four instead of a 5 , is because of their restroom situation .
The Santa Barbara Shrimp Cocktail was just a standard shrimp cocktail , nothing spectacular .
We did somehow manage to save enough room for dessert which was cheesecake that came in a little jar .
I will always get the Caesar salad , and I 'll always get the mushroom pizza .
It 's a unique addition to the run of the mill Mexican we 've become accustomed to in the Southside .
They brought me milk , that was spoiled as well .
So to sum up , first visit ( of what I 'm sure will be many ) was pretty good .
We went for a late dinner .
I agree with other reviewers that the place should be cleaner than it is , but I would call it more messy than dirty .
Top 10 worst restaurant experiences of all time !
I decided on the rosti puerco for $ 16 .
I like the crispy bread oh yeah .
I 've ordered the pizza , wings , stromboli , calzone , and chicken cheesesteak .
Sweet potato casserole yummy and meat was smoky juicy and plentiful .
Very good coffee , very nice food , nice ambiance .
They have a high top " bar " with a fire pit in the middle .
The cheese was good , but none of the other toppings added much flavor .
I always passed by it , but I really did not know anything about Afghan cuisine .
Apparently they recognized me from my yelp profile picture , and wanted to leave a better impression .
If you think that we 're getting 2 lunches and 2 dinners out of it , that 's about $ 12 per person ...
We have tasted several menu items and were super satisfied every time .
It 's not a genre I ever eat unless I 'm forced to on a road trip .
You 're not coming here for the ambiance .
I remember seeing a post stating that they were trying to get things going as they were just opening .
