i am very pleased with my purchase and will buy another , when i inevitably break lose this one .
i left a bad review the first time so i 'm back for a second .
i will thus keep to my promise and edit my review to give this product 5 stars .
the only reason i have n 't gone through more is that i 've accepted this phone is a lemon .
make sure this is the first thing you buy and you 'll be thanking yourself every night when you put your blackberry down for the night .
i will try it again in yet another location later but wanted to make this observation for people who are considering this purchase .
thought i need' these , but it turned out i do n 't , but it 's good to have them just in case i do need them one day .
i look forward to using and enjoying both cases for a long time to come .
i found many that i wish i 'd known about before i made the purchase .
this one enabled me to keep my phone alive and functional until i was able to purchase a new phone .
i have n 't used this one yet because i feel pretty sure the same thing will happen .
if you are handy and willing to take a chance that you can fix it , buy it and try it .
i love my phone , i would recommend to anyone .
told everyone i have come in context with about my case .
any questions please ask i am always looking for advice so i enjoy giving it when i can as well .
if i had n 't gotten what appeared to be used goods i would have returned it for another it sounds like a great thing but decided against bothering with that and just returned it .
i searched and read thousands of reviews as well as watched many youtube video reviews of different cases before i made my purchase .
if by chance you get it on wrong , just try again .
i lost my first one and had to purchase another because i could n 't live without it .
i had written a positive review after the first week , that review has been pulled .
i would not hesitate to recommend this product to a friend .
i was lucky this happened in my car most of the time , and i was able to find it .
i 've learned the hard way myself and suspect this might be part of the problem people are having .
easy ! i feel bad for the others who have n 't had as good an experience as i have .
i 'm still trying to figure out how i can call myself a blackberry enthusiast .
my wife has adopted mine and i will never see it again .
brilliant ! unfortunately there was one problem i had , hence i had to return them ( i was n 't sent a replacement directly since the purchase is from a vendor through amazon ) , and i do not know if others have faced it or not .
i 'll give them another week before saying goodbye and trying a different product .
i was not happy and would think twice about another purchase .
had n 't really thought about this until just as i was purchasing and am quite pleased .
i 've a had my now for a little less than a year .
i was n 't , and am returning it .
i would buy again because i purchase these kinds of things for my teens ( i refuse to spend $ 20 $ 30 for their replacements knowing it 's just a matter of time before they break it ) .
i keep two spares on hand at all times so as soon as one fails i can throw it away and move on .
so i finally gave up and made one .
i tried calling the same number from where i got the call , and no response . complete waste of money , waste of time and a useless product which i had to trash in 10 minutes after i received it .
i turned it off , then on again , to be discovered .
i 'll order another and see if i can get one that is n 't broken .
i loan it to others in need almost as often as i use it .
thinking i was still getthing the exact same quality as before i wanted to stick with what i knew .
i trust they will make it right if you do n 't get what you want .
there was no possible way i was going to take a chance on damaging my iphone .
mine cracked within a week , and yes i knew about the problem beforehand and was very careful .
i knew something was missing but did n 't realize or remember what it was until i got this email .
i am a very happy customer and recomend this item without hesitation .
i would buy this product again and suggest it to my friends .
i like this product and would recommend it to a friend .
i have bought like 3 of these all readya nd just ordered 2 more just to have .
assuming the treo gives me years of service , it 'll be worth it but i 'm going to have to live with the fear that the accessories will not be useful for my next smartphone ( i rarely have replaced my cell phones because they got too old , it 's normally because they stop working ) .
i had to leave my phone off unless i needed to make a call .
i 'll use it until it dies and will just simply buy something else .
made my first call a few seconds after that .
i have purchase several of them to keep handy and have given them as gifts to friends and family who also have the iphone as spares .
i did this as an add on to some things that i was buying for my phone .
i would make this purchase again if i needed to .
send me another and i 'll give you a five star review .
i still use mine for my ipod and iphone .
i am considering buying some extra ones as gifts for friends and family .
i would highly recommend this to any of my friends
next time i might just buy a couple so i do n 't have to wait for the replacement to come .
i gave it to someone who could use it and they really like it .
the second time it broke i could have gotten a free replacement again but i did n 't want the hassle .
i 've checked my email and received sent a few text messages .
what i wanted to do was either use them with my tablet or with the phone .
as a matter of fact two days ago i left in a restaurant and was so panicked i was going to order a new one overnighted at any cost ; that 's how much i enjoy and need this product !
i bought this cell phone as a replacement for the one i had which was generally used as a backup or extra phone should any of my kids would be going on a field trip .
i place my order on a tuesday and i only two days ! ! i recibe my order this was great ! !
hope that helps anyone who was as stuck as i was .
i have placed these in several of my phones since they first came out in the 1990s .
i might never need it but it 's nice to know that i have it if i need it .
i finaly ordered a new one becase i finaly managed to break the holster , which help up for a long time of abuse .
this item came within time its great i got it for my mom she is currently is still using it and i order it over a year ago .
i bought some before and they actually helped but these did not .
i ordered my 510 tonight ca n 't wait to replace this one .
the first one i got was not good but a b ; quickly sent me a new one that fixed the problem .
well , i am onto the motorola h730 , everyone is abuzzin' about that one also , and i will try it for my ever lovin' , and see if i can be her hero again for a few months or more ?
i 'm still using it i have no problems with it when it comes time to replace i will buy again .
this one could probably easily last me a year or more the way it 's going as of yet .
i wish i 'd had this the whole time i 've had my phone !
did n 't know i needed it until i have one .
my guess if one is an occasional user it is a 5 star but if one is a heavy user i . e .
i would have not purchased this if i had know it woudl last only a year or two .
the purchase was a gift for my wife secretly .
so just wanted to up date my last review .
and i am to say it is still work up to know .
i would recommend to a friend .
i wish i still had this little guy but i let my boyfriend borrow it , and then we broke up , so i never got it back !
i had a set that i liked for the last couple of years but they finally broke .
i 've had them for almost a month now , used them every day , and believe they will last a long time as long as i do n 't drop them ) .
i had already thrown mine out by the time i heard of this nice fact .
if you live by email as i do , ( 90 of my clients orders are placed through email ) , receiving them instantly is so important .
i really look forward to a continued good experience with these headphones when they are replaced and hope i can continue to rave about them .
if i can live with out my phone , i might be able to live with out this , which i hear one can live with out a phone , but i am unwilling to test this .
i like this cell phone its great but i ant to get myas i have not used it yet .
i have yet to use one but my wife says they are throw away after one use they usually do n 't last so i do n 't mind giving it a test drive
fill our expectations and i share it with others and my friends .
if i ever need yet another one i will be buying this one .
i 'm here to let you know ; everything you are hoping this product to be , it is .
the first for me and now my wife .
so far i 'm loving it and will definately recommend it to my friends .
forgot i had this on my phone until i got the request to review it .
but i dare not go with out .
i said everything i needed to say about the product in less than 20 words .
will buy again once i run out of the ones i got .
so this is good enough to 're purchase' , at least for me .
do n 't expect to receive your order for at least 2 weeks .
i install them now because i got some for free and this is probably what they are now worth .
every other cell phone i have had has broken in some way long before 2 years .
i want even keep this one .
i will buy another if the next phone i buy is compatible .
i would recommend this product to a friend .
this is great for us seniors that still have and use their old , old cell phones anddo not want to update to the new phones .
i wish i could have been the at christmas to watch her use it .
not pleased that i now have to buy some new ones and disappointed that these just did not last for even a year .
i do n 't know why i even tried to go back to this phone .
i had gotten one about a year and a half ago and my entire family used it .
this to me is a bad omen and i have to return it and not for replacement .
the only reason i rated it with 4 and not 5 stars is because i ordered one and had to get it replaced because it was n 't working within a couple weeks .
so far i own 3 and will replace any others that need to be replaced with another one of these .
i heard it from other people and i did n 't know if it was true so if you 're the same way try this . .
glad i did n 't have it plugged in at night while i was asleep or while i was out it could have caught on fire !
think i 'll wait awhile longer before messing with this good thing i got going with the moto h300s . good luck !
please take my advice and keep scrolling pass this or you will be disappointed for purchasing .
i had just disconnected my home phone and moved it to a cell phone in order to keep the number and save money .
i would recommend it but not sure i would use it all the time over night .
last time i wrote a review about how bad it is it broke when i used it .
i can suddenly appreciate my phone much more making an up grade something i will put off indefinitely now .
i do n 't expect this to last me more than 3 months tops .
i would get it again given what i know about it .
the only reason i got rid of it is because i upgraded my phone .
this saved it many may times i am sure !
i 've seen quite a few cases and was hard to decide which one i would settle for .
it was uncomfortable . i can see i 'll be using this most of the day .
my own broke after 3 4 months and had to be replaced .
this is one of those things were you say . . . . why did n 't i think of this !
usually by this time my phone would already of died . . .
i bought a few so i could stick one at work and have a few backups but it appears as though they are practically useless .
i have gone through so many cases prior to ordering this one .
i hope i can say that 8 years from now like i just said about the ct12 . we are now using both phones .
i used it so often i missed it and wanted another .
i wish i had bought this as soon as i purchased my phone .
i 'm going to give this a try for a week to see if it 's worth the keep .
it is great , and so cheap , i should have ( will ) buy more .
i would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone .
as soon as i wrote and recommeded this product it broke , have not had it quite 3months , need a relacement already , understand what other customers concerns were now , could not stand the test of time !
made a practice call that lasted probably 40 min and a couple other calls , with absolutely no problems at all .
i 've tried others and find i go back to it .
i 'm seriously considering getting another just as a backup .
my husband likes it i do n 't even know what it is but i can say my husband was glad to get it and he uses it on something here .
this is a purchase i 'll definitely repeat if i happen to misplace this treasure .
i have had it for many months and smack it accidently at times and it has only come loose one time and was back on in seconds . . .
i have sense bought some for friends and family and they all love them too .
i am about to purchase this item and after reading most of the reviews have to ask myself what do the past users expect .
i already rated it . . . shouldnt have to rerate and have to write so much about it . . . . i like it . . . thank you . . . its great . . .
i can use it if i 'm going to have a lengthy conversation and do n 't want to worry about running down my battery .
i 'm really glad to have it around in case i need it again .
gift for grandson he done got rid of his phone so i do n 't think he use it anymore i do n 't know
i 'm usually indoor anyway when i use my iphone .
i 'll probably order another one , just in case .
i have never been so happy to get what i need without spending my last dollar for it .
i did n 't bother to try and return the bad ones because i got them at a such great price .
if you are planning on using this daily go ahead and spend the extra money to get the real deal .
i think i am going to right now
for those of you that do n 't think about anyone but yourself . . .
so , even as i upgrade into the future , i should be able to continue using this product .
i 'm thinking i may give one as a gift , i like it that much .
it must have been a good product since i have not heard anything bad to the person i gave this product . . .
we do n 't leave the house without anymore , especially if we are going to be out most of the day and or plan on taking lots of photos or videos with our phones .
but i wanted to make people aware that there could potentially be an issue with that .
when i bought this phone about a couple of years ago . . .
could n 't be beat at the time i purchased ( that i could find in a quick search of course ) .
its 6 months later and she still loves them and thanks me often for them .
i would not hesitate to order again .
i am very pleased with it and i think you will be as well .
it like the other set i purchased has its faults but i do n 't use it enough to be 100 sure if its the real deal , so i will say at this time its ok .
i had a lg voyager and loved it and waiting for the new one to come out and i will jump ship as soon as the new one comes out .
i ca n 't tell you how many times i had to do it before figuring that one out .
all i can say is do n 't listen or pay attention to any of the bad reviews you see or hear .
i assumed i just solved her problem .
i 'll just list the pros cons from my experience of using this device on a daily basis for almost 4 months .
i would recommend it for a friend .
other sets have been so bad , i could only use them in a silent environment ! i might buy another one just because they are so awesome .
i 've been a blackberry user for just about 4 years now august will be 4 years .
you can answer call waiting with this too .
i looked at these two years ago and they were around $ 130 . 00 , not now and he 's glad for it or i would n 't have bought them for his birthday .
will recommend it to everyone i know that has as iphone , in fact , i will recommend it to those who do n 't even have a cell phone .
i though i have a deal but this time failed .
this set was still in great condition when the job was completed so i was very pleased i did n 't have to order a new set for later .
i wanted to do the same .
although they were kind enough to give me a refund thats good .
i would buy again if needed to have another .
this is only one of my moments where i needed it .
i lived with it since i knew i was going to upgrade soon .
if i need more i will order .
the only part i do n 't love is that scratches are easily accumulated and i toss my phone in my purse so i 've already acquired quite a few . .
i 've talked 3 or 4 hours some days , and had it on all day when i 'm not talking , and have never run the battery down .
well they were great until i lost them , but honestly i might just get another set , because i was starting to really enjoy them using them so if you see more then one review from me then you know i had to get another pair because it 's not easy keeping track of them it 's a little challenge to keep up with them better to keep them in your pocket .
saved me a lot by giving my old phone a boost so i would n 't have to buy a new one at a much higher price .
buy this phone because i really like all arrived safely in good conditiononly thing is that now is very slow and much remains to be hung off and on i have to let me know why this so
i can wait longer to get a new phone now , and save money in the process .
i 'm glad i did n 't have to worry about that .
and you can receive calls with them on .
the only thing is that at first it was very stiff , but that is n 't a problems as it is alot more flexible know .
so i knew we did n 't want that to happen .
good thing i can get a refund .
good product as my phone is out of date , in other words very old likeits owner who does not want to update to the the new iphones .
i did have someone ask me what that was the other day because they thought i was a serious user since i had my stuff plugged in at the table .
these are disposable tools once used so look else were if your needing something that will need to be used daily .
i think i just have to admit i live in too much of a dead zone for anything to help .
i love this thing so much that i do n 't leave the house without it .
i 'll try to treat the new one a little more delicately .
i wish i had taken this path much sooner than i did .
i 'll use the 220 until it breaks or is lost ( and that always seems to happen ) . after that i certainly wo n 't be looking to buy another of the same model .
this product was substandard and not worth it to me to buy . . will not be recommending in the near future . . . do not care for . . . .
i have had no issues with this item and would recommend it too anyone .
i find myself wishing that i could do this fairly often .
my wife loves it and i 'm thinking about getting one .
ineeded one of these so bad ! and finlly ifound one , and ilove it ! ijust ordered two more . . they come in handy !
i am very happy with this purchase so much i bought another one .
i 'm not upset because it was very inexpensive but maybe you should spend a little more and buy a better product off amazon .
i was very disappointed and would not recommend his to anyone .
i hope i can keep buying these for years to come .
this is great , you should get this it is well worth your money , this one is better than all the other one s that i have , and i have a lot .
i have seen some reviewers say this was junk .
i need one in fact i ended up buying at least 3 of them for gifts .
i got my money taken up and all they did was reply thats it now i ca n 't even contact them , i sent the otter back and never got the money do n 't waste your time buying this
i hope you have a better experience with this product than what i have experienced .
so do n 't give up , try these things .
so if you can avoid those situations as much as possible , you should be just fine .
i heard nothing but good things about this from friends .
i wish they had the batteries i needed as well for my phone .
i tried to use this model for a couple weeks just to make sure but , after that time , i decided to send it back and keep looking .
i previously purchased a imp52d and enjoyed that product but i find it to almost be obsolete now that i have the nt70t .
i just cannot recommend them nor will i ever use them .
he loves his as much as i love mine and now , i do n 't have to share .
i did n 't immediately notice though but little things were different .
do n 't buy this , no one can ever hear me , i have to repeat everything and always just give up and disconnect .
it really is n 't a problem once you realize the issue and do what i did .
i been using it for the last year and a half .
getting almost a year out of something that gets this much abuse is pretty good . so , now i 'm in a quandary , do i get another or try to find something better ?
bought as gift for my relative and he loves it . . . . . great job . . . would highly recommend this product to all customers . thank you
this prompted me me to start planning a phone upgrade .
i just picked up the most recent model new but have not tested it a lot yet .
i have n 't had any problems that i can remember .
i use it for my iphone and have never had a problem .
just received it this morning and feel strongly that i should write something about it .
everything was fine until i finished my workout and tried to turn them off .
i just wish that i could find the same thing for my other items that have cords all over my vehicle .
i 've been using it for a couple years now and i do n 't know how i ever lived without it .
i wish i can give this a negative star ! ! ! the day it came i plugged it in the car and to my phone and it worked great for a few min .
this passed and i stocked up .
i do n 't get any complaints from the person on the other end that i am breaking up either which i used to get on my old plantronics .
should i run this one over , i 'll surely buy another .
i had a previous version of this product a few years ago .
my main complaint is n 't different from anyone else 's really .
i have n 't reviewed this product for awhile ( a few years ) , but it lasted me forever .
when i got my iphone 3g several months back i was determined to keep it in like new condition if possible .
the cord is small and convenient and i have used it every day since i received it a few weeks ago .
i 've used this product for over 1 year with my smartphone .
i went on a trip 2 weeks ago and used it for several hours .
i thought it would be something different and i guess it is that .
my friend originally referred me to this product telling me that the tip will not break and that he has been using it for several months without a problem on his lenovo yoga .
we are preparing to buy a new refrigerator to replace our 20 year old model based on the reading this device gave .
i suspect my daughter will steal mine so that she can take a full day of school notes on her ipad .
it lasted a year and a half so i guess i got my moneys worth .
i can here good however family and friends constantly tell me i fade in and out .
i have received several compliments and questions regarding where they can get their own .
what i saw is i did not get that but i did get my refund though the clip was broken and i sent that broken one back i was like what am i going to do with him i got my refund so i say this person was amazing
i just broke a new one after a week , and i was super careful to not bend it !
those nay sayers that complain are unaware that we all should have more than 3 cases to interchange cases based on daily needs .
i would recommend this product to friends and family .
my old one lasted a few years and i 'm sure this one will too .
this was a very good purchase and i would make it again !
this will get you by for a while but will fail in the long run .
i 've ordered 4 since my initial purchase .
i bought this well over 2 years ago and have been using it regularly up until a few months ago when i switched from my iphone 3g to an android .
i bought this awile back for a my son i believe ?
given another chance i will not buy it .
i am guessing that i need to find him a better solution .
i like it , wish i could have used it .
i ca n 't tell the difference between the two , and honestly have mixed up which one is which .
i have many as i love t o change them around . thanks
afterwards i restart it and it 's fine .
now i do n 't have to worry about forgetting it .
i will definitely do business with them again .
would definitely recommend this to someone else .
i would not hesitate to spend the money all over again .
i tried several headsets before which some were good and most were useless .
i did not know what to do so i sent it back but never got the money back .
it is a great buy if you are only using one cell phone .
i 've bought about 20 of these things by now , and shared them with many friends family , who rave about them .
i would not have purchased this if i had known that i would receive a cheap generic substitute instead .
i 've used the 510 for years to great success .
but now i know i 'd buy it again .
i originally bought this for an original iphone and i loved it .
i can wear this one all day if i wanted to and it would n 't bother me at all . i would purchase this one again for sure .
i 've bough a munch of different things like this over the years .
i used to use this all of the time but since i would n 't shut up about how much i liked it , my family has taken it for themselves .
i was amazed and would definitely buy from them again .
i gave the phone to my little niece long time ago and i think she still having it .
so if that is not something that bothers you then this is definitely the product for you
i ca n 't say it works because i tryit for a long time on my iphone and it did n 't made a difference at all . . .
i have both a razr and blackberry that i carry with me everywhere .
i sent the other one back just because i regretted not getting a refund in the first place .
i could see this being a good choice for those who are n 't too picky about these things .
i certainly ca n 't do it on the fly and one handed .
so yeah , i think he 'd like one , too ! update i 've been using this case with my samsung galaxy s4 for just over a week , now , and would like to revise my opinion of it .
i plan on keeping this with me at all times .
it it lasts 2 years , i will be pleased .
it took a bit practice but in a day or so i was wearing it like i 'd had it all my life .
i tried to wait it out in hopes to find it and i did . . .
i have had this for a week now and i ca n 't help but already write a review for it .
i still am currently using it and it has been months .
i bought this product almost a year and a half ago .
i bought one for my dad to use occasionally and tested it for a couple songs and had no issues like others have had , maybe i 'm not using it as long .
i dread the day when if these fail , but would absolutely blow more dough on a second pair .
not really sure what to say about this other than it works great . i need a few more . so i can have a few for my computer so i do n 't have to keep switch this one back and fourth
that said i would still purchase a replacement unit if something happens to this one .
if i end up losing all 5 ( they seem to disappear around the house ) i will defiantly buy some more .
i figured it would be the same thing next time .
these are okay but i would n 't depend on it all the time .
they are working wonderfully ! ! ! ! i purchased a couple as gifts for friends and they enjoy them just as much as i do .
however , the fact that i was willing to rebuy it twice should give you some idea that i still consider it an ok deal .
i have purchased others that did not meet my expectations but this one was just perfect !
highly recommend and will buy it again for additional needs .
they were very good at helping me troubleshoot my issues .
usually i remember to plug it in when i 'm at home or work but on the weekends when i 'm on the go , i sometimes do n 't have the chance .
i ended up washing them so i no longer have them .
every single time i leave my home and come back in . just drop on it works ! ! ! i just received it . . . .
so the purchase i 'm reviewing is actually my second set .
i have tried 8 others from cheap to expensive with very marginal success .
i 'll keep this in the car in case i need it .
i 've used my second pair for over a month .
i will write a review on that after trying it a few times .
the first two times it was difficult , and i could tell it was going to be a problem .
i would recommend leaving it on as much as possible as not to break it .
i 've had the product for years and they probably do n 't offer this particular product anymore .
i got it today which was super fast since i was n 't suppose to get it til next month .
this is unfortunatly my second experience with this great product .
i left it in the juice store but it was right there when i went back ( lucky me ) ! i highly recommend it overall !
or i would be pretty upset .
i hope it does n 't have the same problem .
i am off to contact them next .
does n 't appear to be the phone causing the problem so i may be looking swap this out as defective and get a new one .
it worked how i thought it would and i have had no problems with it yet not to mention it was pretty affordable too .
i thought to myself , this is going to break as soon as i use it , so i had better just leave it on . then to my utter amazement !
i like them and would recommend them so far .
maybe i 'm just really hard on chargers but i feel like they should last more than a few months .
i will definitely order them again .
i have been very happy with my purchase , and i plan to use it for back up when i do n 't have my phone in the mophie juice pack air .
this item was cheap enough to try out and i wish i had bought more .
i love love love this unit , and make sure to bring it with me whenever i know i 'm going to be out and about for the day , and my phone is not going to survive .
i have quit using mine for this reason .
overall i want to like the phone but i 'm searching for something else as the frustrations arent worth it .
i have used this on 3 different phones and it has worked great ! ! ! ! i have owned this for about 2 years now , and no complains so far . . .
i guess i wear them out as i am on them 12 hours a day .
i think this might be a common problem and i do n 't have a lot of confidence it will continue to become easily unstuck several years from now .
i am happy with my purchase and would recommend it .
i could n 't be any more pleased !
i brought this charges but never used it , so please before you judge or make any kind of decision please read other review to make a fair decision .
even now , a few weeks after the release people that have them still seem disappointed but are stuck with them . this would make a great phone for your teenager still in school , but if you use a blackberry to make deals happen and to manage your day then this phone is a sad disappointment ! !
we travel with our apple products and use them at home .
i basically paid the money to use these items for 1 day .
i 've purchased and reviewed these before ; they are fantastic .
i turned my iphone off at 35 and plugged this in for about the same time , probably less .
i would order this item again for any future phone i order .
i just used these for the first time at the gym last night .
i own a razar , wish i could return that !
i will toss this one as it is n 't worth bothering to return it .
i never mentioned that i was on this new toy and he never indicated that he could not hear me .
i tried 3 more times and every time it kept dropping so i decided to leave it as such , even worse the battery seemed to have turned hot .
i 'll highly recommend to anyone who is looking for one .
i think , that is an excellent product , i recommend to all
i loved this for my iphone until my iphone was upgraded to a newer model and i had to give up using my phone that i purchased this case for .
after a miscommunication finally received these very late .
i liked it and i 'll consider buying something similar to it once the one we have bites the dust .
so , i would use this again in a pinch .
had no problem i was able to finish less than a hour going to also buy two more for my friends .
i asked for a refund but could not after 30 days .
i am very pleased with the way all my purchases arrive in a timely manner and also like the fact that i have never had an ill experience while purchasing on this site .
so if you 're debating between the two go with this one .
when i say it i thought it would be good to have in case i every needed to get into repairing my phone in a major way .
i purchased this for a friend and now i lost that friend .
i have owned this item for at least five years , i do n 't believe that i 've never reviewed it .
i personally think that you cannot go wrong with either of them and that is after investing a lot of time researching the other cases on the market .
i would hate to spend this much money for a paper weight . i had to give this bt a three star , but if i had a friend asking me if he should try it , i would say yes in a heart beat . if there are ever more options in fitting this device i will try it again .
in the future i 'll need a real good reason to buy any other brand of phone .
this is an awesome buy and i would recommend it if you are in the market .
i have n 't had to replace the first one yet and i have had them for almost 3 months .
now i can simply place it on and go .
i wish i would have had the chance to test this one out but it 's going back to amazon .
i would rather turn it off myself .
i no longer have to as i always have a battery that is ready for me .
you only have to go through this once , after that everything is a breeze .
i will be buying more for friends and family .
i 've ordered a few since they just break in one way or another .
after i bought a new one i found it .
so i went back with what worked .
i have n 't used it recently because not needing it .
so i 'm out of luck until i find another one .
i am not heard by others sometimes as well as i hear them .
our phones get at least 6 7 days out of them before we have to recharge and i 'm honestly not exaggerating .
i simply had to reconnect it and snap it back shot .
i have recommended this site to many of my friends who have iphones .
they are built to last 4 or 5 months so you will buy another one .
i do n 't love many items but this one is awesome !
i ended up with 39 remaining before i called it a night .
i was quite pleased with the old one , until after about 2 years when it just died .
i received it free while ordering another product .
we bought this unit about a year ago and it helped .
i owned the original and loved it .
i would recommend picking a couple of these up ( in case you lose it , like i did ) while they 're still around !
it seemed fine to me though , based on that limited experience .
i do n 't want to do that .
i love it ! ! ! i would recommend this to all my family and friends .
i 'm not sure if that makes a difference but wanted to note it now in case there are problems in the future .
i would recommend this product in a heartbeat .
i have used this cable on and off for about a year and a half but there were at least six months in the middle there where i had misplaced it and did n 't use it at all .
i bought two of these items so i could leave one at work as well as home .
i tried to get used to it but could n 't .
this morning i sat it on my head for a long commute , and forgot it was there within 5 minutes .
worked great til the third day , then i do n 't know what happened . . . at the price i did n 't expect perfection , and at sellers defense , i have not contacted them . . it could easily be my own fault and i 've been so busy . . . even review is late . ( sorry )
i love it i got it to replace mine that had ripe but i found this one cheap and same kind i could n 't say no to a deal like this plus i received it before time estimated
people tell me they ca n 't tell i am in the car .
i tried them briefly with a bb bold , and they worked fine , but i had to unpair it then pair it again to use them with my ipod . i recommend them , you should get them , you wo n 't be dissapointed .
i would buy if for my dearest and nearest !
you should n 't need a review because you already own this .
you should buy one for every car and you relatives too .
but my friend guy loves it so i 'm not going to complain cause i wo n 't be using it . . .
i would n 't be without a couple , especially for travel . hope this is helpful .
pretty upset as my husband really wanted this for his work vehicle and now we have to go searching for another one and hopefully do n 't run into the same problem .
i bought a cheaper one about a month ago that was bad right out of the box .
i would recommend to anyone who would like to activate a phone
this is a good one to stay away from , although he did finally refund my money , so i guess he gets a couple of points for that .
even if i had to replace it every other day .
then i get a link and it said that they sold the product on amazon then i felt was happy and i purchased it online .
lets see how many months i can it last .
i will updated this review after it 's been in use for a few months . . . .
all my friends that have blackberry phones are mezmerized by the nokia e71 when i pull it out and ask to see it .
i 'm just thankful i did n 't spend alot on this .
we bought some of these to keep in our various cars so we would n 't have to constantly be remembering to grab them .
and i wo n 't hesitate to do so .
i can now take my iphone anywhere i go and feel safe that it is protected .
if you are considering them for a teen or child , they will enjoy them .
perhaps the headset was too damaged from the first two removals . either way , i do n 't need a product that requires i be so delicate with it , perfomring an operation that i would need to do at least 3 times a week . i am obviously not sayng that you can ; t purchase this product and have a happy relationship with it .
this was definitely one of my best purchases .
a must have if you are still using one !
i 'll buy it again if when this one finally dies .
in fact i just went back to my old order and clicked on it .
let 's you listen privately to anything you need to and still participate in daily activities .
these are decent enough if you want to use them indoors but they are absolutely terrible if you want to use them outside .
only thing i can think of is the sweat is killing them ? ? great if you want to use in office or sitting at home doing nothing but if you are looking for some you can use while working out running i would like to another product it might be worth getting a new pair every 4 months but every 2 months ?
i would spend the extra to get one that does .
i would recommend this to somebody .
we 've been pleased with it , and have not had any problems .
i was still using it during that time .
good to have a few extra of these lying around the house if you have any apple products .
i was a police officer and this case seen some rough times .
do n 't bump it . i would end up losing money to return this , so i 'm stuck with it .
i do n 't like this product at all only had for about 2 weeks and it 's not working anymore so do n 't buy this product not good at all .
we have now put it on our white 5c until we choose something better .
i do not know if mine was just defective or what but i had to return mine .
we are still using this over a year later .
it does everything i need it to do just as when i bought it .
my phones now even work in my basement without a problem . . . which was erratic in the past . . . .
plus over all i have n 't had a problems so far ( a month and a week of having it ) . .
this worked for awhile , maybe 3 months .
now there is no question whether i am on the phone or not .
maybe it was just a bad one but the trouble it takes to return something bought online is just too much so i just trashed it .
i went through all 5 before i gave up completely .
i learned that twice this year .
i had one just like this that was issued with my work bb so i had no hesitation in picking up another one for my personal phone .
i do n 't want to rehash all of the stuff that 's already been said about this phone .
i ride my bike in chicago to get around .
i 've used it with a samsung t809 and had no issues with it over a couple days before this review .
kind of a hassle but if youre going to keep it on for awhile might as well get it
i would buy another if i change phones .
i would buy it again or as a gift for others .
i 've had my h700 for almost a year now , and not until recently did i learn it was a fake !
i 'm glad i did n 't give in to getting an iphone because this has it beat .
so i do n 't know if it will come off nicely or breaking in the process , i hope not to find out .
lasts all day using it and for several days if you use it here and there .
believe me when i tell you to spend a few bucks more and get something you 'll actually use and enjoy .
i bought a spare which i keep in my trunk for the day this one eventually dies , but since that has n 't happened i 'm very happy and will definitely stick with this model for as long as i have micro usb phones . update 5 14 2012 still working great !
see one yourself before you buy any other .
i even bought some as gifts .
you ca n 't think of changing it in a regular basis .
they do n 't last a long time so you will need to replace before too long because they get scratched .
i 'll be needing another since i lost this one .
i suppose i anticipated something completely different since i am a little disappointed with the product .
for those of you that do n 't read reviews very often , you should .
i will say that it felt great to know that if there became a time and i dropped my phone , it would be protected .
i would n 't get this if i was you
i bought tis for my broher and he used it for 15 days and then decided to upgrade to another phone .
it had already been more than that when i emailed them on friday .
my phone used to die within an hour or 2 of use .
i recommend that no one else buy from this person because you will receive no item .
i made sure this was compatible with my phone before i bought it and it is .
i have used all three and am impressed with them all .
on my phone it just figures it out but sometimes i am not certain who it has decided to call .
this is the only reason i do n 't give it five stars .
o and the battery has n 't died on me yet but i got about 6 hours of talk with it today .
i purchased four of these so we would always have them where we needed them .
i ordered my wife one too .
when i bought it in sept 2010 it was the phone i was waitng for .
not to happy about that but it 's too late i really love this phone .
i bought 2 to begin with and liked them so much i went back and bought a 3rd .
bought to replace another that i bought for my wife a year ago and it is great .
i would purchase another in a heartbeat if the one i have ever breaks
should i just buy it again ?
i have not used any other brand so i ca n 't compare but i 've had this a few weeks and it is working well for me .
i did n 't understand how to use it at first so i thought it was crap , but now i get it .
i 'd order another one if i had the need .
why do i have yo type sooo many letters now to review a product amazon ? ? im gonna get tired of this and quit reviewing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i 'm not accustomed to using this type of case but for the times i need one , this will do just perfect .
if you purchase online you absolutely have no idea what you are getting .
i never have tried the stuff again , but i will give it a second chance .
i realy like this product , my family was happy with those present i like too .
i imagine the same for the recipients of my gift that they would have these cables on hand .
still , i have it , and use it from time to time when i want to impress someone .
the people that are having problems with these are obviously not doing it right .
this has become my favorite christmas and birthday gift to friends and family .
i gladly recommend it and would definitely buy it again .
if u r looking for a brand new , do n 't go for this .
i still use it till this day .
you can keep save to use for next time . . !
i look forward to something that will work for any cell phone .
it was a gift for my wife and it broke after a few changes and now she miss it since it was her preferred one .
i 've been using several of these for a couple years now .
i will let you all know in a month how long this greatness lasts ; ) it does make the phone much thicker , but i will take that over a dead phone any day ! ! update . . i have had this phone for almost a week . . . it holds a charge for 2 days b4 the battery life goes into yellow . . a must have . . . i am buying another one for my son 's g1 ! !
i was completely surprised but am very glad for the feedback and wanted to pass it along . i will most definitely buy more of these .
i am bringing it with me this weekend on a long flight and am confident it will get me through six hours of video on my phone .
i am at a loss of what to do at this time .
i did n 't find this useful since i did n 't such a set to test out and if i did , i would get one that was already iphone compatible .
i would think these could last for at least 1 year or so , but guess not .
i used it for several months , took it off , used my bookbook for a while , then put it back on .
product works but after 2 days the wires are exposed . . i give it another few weeks before its completely damaged and i take very good care of it .
i imagine that 's typical of all such devices but since i 've never heard another , i really ca n 't say .
i liked it but would not buy it again , it just is n 't what i expected but just not buy again .
i will definitely be back for more .
if you are new to blackberry or have to buy another one this 8700c is it .
i will never buy these again , i bought something else that was shipped together and thought it was free ones that they sent as a compliment .
i would definitely not going to recommend this to anyone .
i have been using this for over a year now and i am very happy with it .
i 've repeated the process without success .
i 've never had an experience like this before .
i 've had 3 now and as a rough user , it takes me about a year to wear each one out which by the way , is pretty dang good
however , these while the same do not seem to be the cheaper versions which is why i 'm buying from these ppl a lot more .
my friends did n 't believe it until they saw it .
this being my only complaint i 'm still going 5 5 stars .
i would recommend this to others .
i would not purchase another , and would advise others to avoid this model .
i was changing between my phone and then bringing the ipod in the gym .
i may purchase another like it .
so my suggestion is do n 't buy it ; you just end up returning it the way i did .
i can slid it into my pocket and almost do n 't even realize it is there .
i could not be more impressed .
however , if i would have been able to * play * with this product , in person , at a store i would not have purchased it .
i 've brought these for my phone and for my ipod .
the sound is perfect both for me and for whom i am speaking with .
had i known this i would have bought him one long ago . i have n 't tried it on , but he says that it 's comfortable and he played for several hours with no issues so the charge must be okay .
i have since switched back to my old iphone and carry it in my pocket at all times for all my final destination like moments .
this thing is awsome ! ! i use it for my iphone 4 and i do n 't know how i lived without it !
so before you order send an email first just to make sure you get the one in the photo .
i have used it daily for over 2 years and often for 6 hours straight until the battery is dead .
would buy again and have recommended to friends .
i may order a second one for my bedroom next to my bed so i can keep it in either place . )
good thing i bought it because just after i got her xbox tuned up my youngest daughter told me she needed me to take a look at her 's .
i would suggest it to others .
if my dog were to chew this one up i 'd probably get another of the same one .
i have one of these bad boys on my cell phone for the last 4 months and it has never lifted not have i had to change it .
it 's fine for the few times it 's used though , which is as a spare .
i purchased a few of these to keep at different locations .
had them for about a month and they are completely useless now .
if i managed to break it myself , i would buy again as a replacement .
i 'm impressed and would buy them again , but that wo n 't be for a long while .
so i 'm not sure if i got a lemon but its something i can live with regardless .
the first one i gave away to a friend , who forgot to plug in their phone more than i do , the next two i ran through the laundry machine ( do n 't do that ) . i ca n 't live with out this thing . . .
if you had asked me 3 months ago , i would 've rated this 5 stars .
i would have to readjust every time .
once i got my new iphone i hooked them up , amazing !
do n 't know why others are having a problem .
and if these batteries quickly died in the short term then i did n 't lose that much in the deal .
i bought these to replace existing ones that i have that have yellowed but not to the extent of these new ones .
i 'd definitely buy another if i need one !
i 'm sorry to say that this one does n 't have it .
this is my second one the first was stolen so i purchased one just like it .
i have n 't used either of them , i do n 't suspect i will .
the first thing i did with it was call my wife , who was sitting next to me .
then i tried to use it .
i have been using this for almost a year now , and can not live without it .
also i have n 't had it randomly disconnect as i turn my head as my other one did .
i bought three of these things about a year ago .
they lasted me a good two years , but when i received these earlier today they just do n 't feel the same .
they were cheap so i did n 't expect them to be great .
if i were to need some more chargers in the future , would probably buy get a couple more of these .
i have n 't used it so much while raining about once or twice . .
i purchased this product a month or so after i purchased my phone .
i can be listening to audio from my macbook and take a call from my iphone at the same time .
i can say one thing it is a good product .
i have decided to just deal with it .
i have taken some very long trips and used the product daily with no issues .
i bought two just to have one extra for whatever may happen .
i have not had my iphone 3g for a long time but i do remember that i only had this a short time before my brother switched it with his because he liked it more .
this was after over a year of use , so i did n 't just buy it and lose it .
i 've had none of the problems others have mentioned .
i would advise you to go for it .
i guess i need to keep up with them better .
usually i do n 't have time to write reviews but this time i decided to do it simply to help others like me who tried many different headsets by motorola and thought that probably there is nothing good on the market yet .
but i only needed them for a one time use and i did n 't have to spend a bunch of money so i ca n 't really complain .
if you do n 't get the item exactly as pictured , that could be why .
i did that and received another unit and guess what . . . . .
i highly recommend for the casual user who does n 't want to spend a fortune .
it 'll reduce the risk that you 'll get some bad knockoff . overall , you need to have one as a spare .
but the flip side is that you would like to keep it on , while on your ear .
this version can only be used in us , maybe canada and mexico .
if it lasts long , i do n 't have to buy new one when i have to replace any of our phones .
i like it and it has n 't failed me yet .
i have n 't had this very long but so far it 's great .
or i 'll be lazy and glue it .
so recently when i ran into an issue i knew if i contacted them i 'd get good support .
i , like many others ordered it as a back up .
i am a bit addicted to it right now , i am plugging everything into it to see what things pull .
definitely a must have item if you 'd be lost without your phone ! the only warning i 'd give is that the battery tends to get hot .
i was wary to make this purchase for less than $ 1 but thought i would give it a try and i 'm glad i did .
my needs were time sensitive as i was just buying extras to have around , but it 's something to check when you are purchasing . . .
i may buy a few more to have spares around .
so yeah just spend the extra cash and go up a few grades because this was a lost cause .
if it was not broken i would like it .
once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it .
if anybody can take a pic or describe it i will love u so much .
i have not had any trouble from it yet as others have written about .
this replacement served him my cell phone and i could do the repair .
this is the only case i have for my phone but i did look at and try out several others in the store before buying .
i 've had mine for about 18 months and i 'm sure at some point i will trash it and need another .
i went ahead and bought another one before they 're sold out .
ca n 't take more than one star off as i should have expected that .
i would not recommend for people to purchase .
my kids tell me these cords are a bit longer than the original but i do n 't remember .
i like these so much , i 'm thinking of buying a second pair for the gym , home , etc .
would buy them again in a minute .
i 've used this many times over past year .
and give me a damaged product . . . and send me other . . . and damaged tooo . . i buy nokia products and never send me a damaged product . .
this one i do n 't even notice i am wearing it .
i can answer a call from both phones at once , it is great .
ordered two sets so i have additional for when the cord breaks as it tends to do .
originally i gave this two stars , but that was before i tried living with it .
would recommend it to people that have this phone .
the great thing is that if you totally screw up one of them just toss it and use another .
i purchased this item a little over a year ago .
that was n 't the case but maybe i did n 't plug it into my phone good enough .
i started using these yesterday and have been happy .
i plan to upgrade in around 2014 and i have no reason to think my e63 will give out on me before then .
so they might be good for you as a backup or something .
when i get a new expensive phone i want to ensure i have all the protection i need so i go crazy and buy all i think i need . good product .
i wanted to make my g1 last as long as possible as it is a great phone .
i ordered this as a back up to ensure i would be able to use in our cars when needed
i ca n 't say how yours is going to hold up but the one that i purchased did not hold up .
i had a problem and i contacted them and they resolved the problem immediately . i am very satisfied and i would buy from them again .
i bougth 2 end up throwing it away .
i even decided to push it to the limit .
even for the friend of mine who mumbles constantly on the phone i 've never had to use this about 50 volume .
i have not had any problems with either of the two that i bought .
i go through these things like crazy , i recommend highly , i will buy more if the price stays the same .
i am rough with my things and this product i had to be careful when i connected my phone .
i got this not to long ago and have n 't had any issues with it .
i 'm getting to be a pro at replacing screens .
in all the time i had it , i really took care of it and only dropped it twice ever in the begining .
however , i will contune to use it with my blackberry .
i had no problems with that one either and it is still on the phone .
now i 'm sick of exchanging it .
i usually leave them on stretched around the box they came in so they do n 't press so hard in the morning but it would be a lot nicer if they actually could be bent to fit your head .
but if you 're thinking about buying 1 , just go for the three .
also if it was n 't in three click in pieces
i look forward to future models addressing these issues .
if you do you will want to look for another option .
but if your active and sweat just a little , do n 't purchase .
i use this product daily and it great .
this broke in a few days of using it never going to buy this again waste of my money good luck to everyone else
obviously it has been used a lot before i got it .
i like having multiple cables in case one gets lost or i want to use it on multiple computers .
we found that out by accident .
by the end of the day , which is around 5 or 6pm for me , it 's down to less than 20 . i rarely use my phone during the day while i 'm at work .
i have purchased and returned at least 6 different types of these in the past but this one is a keeper for sure .
just wondering if i have a defective unit or if there is anyone else experiencing the same problems .
i was skeptical because i read some not so great reviews .
i had it once before and was very happy to find it again .
i was shocked when i paired this with my phone and i bought another one for my mom .
i would definately order tham again .
i am not sending it back but do n 't get sold on the reviews like i did .
for me i can live with the negatives knowing that if i drop my phone i will not have to spend $ 600 . 00 for a new one .
i have tested mine a couple times on my motorola droid phone .
i just received it in the mail this week and at when i first installed it i was a little dissapointed .
i am not that easily impressed with stuff but this item is one of the best i have ever purchased .
i fall asleep so i do n 't know what happens , but they just do n 't .
after i tried it i bought two more .
hope some reviewer will elaborate on that .
i like it so much and mine is getting beat up enough . . . i think i will order another one right now !
i am going to get more .
i rate this item 5 stars would recommend it to family friends .
i 've bought a few of these already for myself and friends family .
not a big deal and i 'll probably forget about it soon .
the last time i bought a kit like this i had to toss most of it once the job was done .
few days later i got a new one , without asking .
i think i will look at the e71 im sorry for having to post this review . . . i hope it was just a one fluck with my unit . in closing . . . it is a good phone . . . but i think its a bit quirky and for me . . . i did n 't consider it an excellent phone . . . in fact . . . my nokia 6131 worked better . . . sorry for the bad review . . .
i love this product , and here is why . i have had it for a good year or two now , and it is still going strong .
so i can say now that i like the product and i use it almost daily .
this phone does quite a bit but rarely can i find how to access these features even after months of ownership and i have owned several other motorola phones before .
i emailed them at around 8 pm , had an answer within a couple of hours and the correct cord within a couple of days .
i picked this up just a few weeks ago and immediately put it on my phone .
now i am happy that i made a good decision .
i did my research years ago when i purchased this off amazon .
with 600 reviews i 'm only posting to confirm i received what was listed .
i 've been using it for over 3 years ( heavy use ) . i decided to get a new because i was so happy with the first one i got .
not sure i can suggest this as it is large and i only wore it once or twice then gave up !
i was one of those that tried to purchase on launch day , but had to order and received it bout 5 days later .
the whole time i had the phone that matched these i never had to replace the screen protector once these are great and i still have two left too bad i do n 't have the phone anymore
i love it so much i 'm buying one for my girlfriend .
these are the cheapest i ever paid for these and they are to be honest the best !
people say they can here me as well if not better than when i use the phone itself .
the first one was great and lasted 6 months or more .
i originally bought this for a nokia phone , but since the phone is no longer used i 've used this for other android phones and it 's worked as expected .
i would be hard pressed t find any features that i would like to change or add .
i just got this product and am very impressed .
i know that 's not a bad thing but i like it to turn off completely .
i 've used this model for about 5 years now .
i bought several and gave them to friends !
but i am often leaving for home late at night from the office and my so wants to stay on the phone with me until i get home .
i play with those but have n 't used them yet .
i was pretty disappointed with this phone , but ended keeping any ways .
i have only used one so far and have had it on for almost a year !
i 've purchased cheap stuff before but this worked great !
i pulled it out to use a couple weeks ago and found it shattered in pieces .
do n 't use this if you 're in a hurry .
i read reviews where folks had great success .
i 'm leaving mine sealed up the way it is .
thank you the item was received it was 100 satisfied with the item the one that received it was very happy as well thanks
this is kinda one of those things you do n 't think you need until you have it .
order a few , you 'll thank yourself for it .
i 'm veryyy happy with my purchase , and my phone ! ! giving the blackberry curve 8310 5 stars . revised review i 've had to change my review as the phone will rarely send a picture , either one i 've taken , or one i 've received , without causing its appearance to be completely impossible to view or only partially viewable .
i wish they had these for all phones because i would buy it for sure .
i hope they see a brighter than i do .
when i got my first one it was extremely cheaper than offered now .
i may even buy another as a spare .
have been using this now for over a year and it is still going strong .
but you do wind up using it once or twice then it sits in a drawer for 10 years .
do n 't purchase these if you plan to use in your car .
i still considered that a deal .
this is where it all started , very great product .
going into this not sure i came out very pleased .
i did n 't use it the first night .
atleast not in my vehicle which is a mini van .
i do n 't have any issues to report on this one .
i did n 't want anything that would mess up my battery .
i do n 't really have much to say about the product because it did what i need it to do lol no bad review here !
i do n 't have a need to change it . by far this is my favorite blackberry i have used and would recommend it .
buy at ur own risk . . . but i would wait .
i bought three for various friends .
fairly often means at least once a day .
i 've had it for a while now and have n 't had one problem with it at all .
it broken the third time i used it when i pushed it a little too hard . if you 're going to install this in one car and keep it in place , it 'll probably be fine .
i like it so much , i 'm buying a second one .
as i understand it they do n 't make this any more but if you look you might find it at various stores on line .
i used it when i had my 3g cell phone .
i have every confidence in the support i would get if needed .
i recently received several nokia e63 phones for family members .
i wo n 't do a long and detailed review of this phone , my previous reviewers had done it already .
i 'm sending it back for a refund and wo n 't be buying another one .
if that was possible i would have given 5 stars .
i will probably use it when people are not looking or where there is not a crowd .
i bought a bulk of these last year and finally ran out .
i have returned the unit and decided not to rebuy the same thing .
i just think it is a great product and pretty much a solid buy if you want to pick it up .
you ca n 't beat this price for sure ! ! ! the only thing i will warn you of is if you intend on reading anything on your phone in the day light you wo n 't like these .
i turn it on every time i 'm in the car , 2 hrs a day , and it had been 2 weeks and i have n 't recharged it yet .
that left me with two options buy a new phone or find a place that has this battery .
mine looks almost brand new and i put it in pockets and purses and use it every day , but i keep my hands clean and i am careful where i put it down .
i wont be putting it in my pocket too often anyway , but , if i did i would not have that much of an issue with it .
i lost one , bought one for my wife , and bought myself a replacement .
i do n 't know why others are having issues .
i 've been using mine for about a month and i like it .
i recived this one before my other one , and i order the other one 3 days before this one ! ! ! i will buy again !
this lets me and the caller hear the difference .
i used this for the first time this past week when i went on a trip .
mine died and i needed a new one .
i still have it and i 'm still using it but it does n 't charge all the time anymore .
i had several copies of the previous version of this and they were great until they died which was typically around 6 months after purchase .
i had that item for more then a year and only used it once .
these are the exact ones that i was looking for but there is one problem .
my other phone would have died after half that .
if this one ever breaks i will definately buy again .
i 've owned 3 one lasted less than a day , one lasted 2 weeks , and another lasted 3 months , under what i 'd term heavy use .
i decided to try it out despite the people that said it did n 't work , and i 'm glad i did .
i 've bought two of these in the last couple of years .
he told me this was one of the best things i ever bought him .
i ended up buying these to use on a different phone then an iphone .
i have tried to use it over the past several weeks .
i 'm glad i got it for free because i 'd be upset if i spent money on this low grade blackberry .
this did the trick , and did it cheaply .
i can toss in my purse and not worry that the screen will get damaged .
i got these in the mail not to long ago , there perfect .
or i could leave it in my car or my backpack .
i will be doing follow up reviews on this in the future with speed tests and all if you are interested . . . . . visit again . until then please use comments to ask any and all questions and i will answer them as best as i can .
so far so good and it looks like i would purchase from them again in the future .
this was from 3 phones ago ( at least ) . but i remember it did the job well .
i fixed the issues , for the time being .
i have mine on for over 3 months now , do n 't really have issues with it and did n 't have to replace my first screen protector yet !
i also was hesitant to buy because other reviews stated that it was n 't durable .
was n 't sure what i was getting , and did n 't get what i expected .
anybody who needs a product like this would do well to order this one !
both should be pulled at the same time .
i ordered this for my droid x which i purchased about a week ago .
i watched how to do it on youtube and then followed the instructions and replaced it .
by the time you buy two you could get a real one
this was great for the first 2 months .
i say this because i 've been using the pro every day , all day since .
the only issue is that they are much shorter than i thought they would be .
just found out they could n 't use it , so i took back to try to return .
i use it from time to time , it is ok .
i would definitely recommend this to anyone .
this is n 't just my experience , my friend who bought one at the same time is experiencing the same issues .
and the band might break easy cause is plastic . . . i know i gave it 3 stars . . .
i had a motorola h500 previously and had nothing but problems .
i had to purchase this one for my self .
i also think this is designed to be put in place and never moved again .
i am happy i made the switch .
i am very pleased with this product as i own both iphones and ipad .
i would recommend it to friends but watch out for things above .
i think if you try this one you will like it .
do n 't buy these with the expectation they are even somewhat rugged .
i just want to put that out there for other consumers to consider .
i waited to review this product to see if time would show it is no good , and it did not show me that .
for those times when the smartphone just will not last an entire day , this product helps me out .
if that happens to change eventually , i will absolutely re review it !
i bought this to use with my iphone while plugged into my computer .
so why is it i hate them so much ?
i 've bought them for my son cuz who are also music lovers !
i do n 't know what else somebody would use them for if not exercising . . .
i used to have a motorola h500 which worked well for my phone .
i wish they would have made the chord longer , i mean i 've tried stretching it out since it 's actually long if it was scrunched up like it is . .
i 'm now trying to decide whether to do that myself or shell out for the real deal with a real warranty .
order this only if you do n 't mind the item being a little crooked its really not that bad ( i ordered two . . .
the first pair lasted me about 4 months but the second pair only about 60 days until they died .
highly recommend it but if it gets just a lil wet u can wrap it up because it 's over with
buy this item with 100 confidence ; i did , and we like it !
it was liked so much that even when it broke the user wanted the same product as a replacement .
in 3 years they are dead , regardless .
after testing the other units we went back and tried this one some more but nothing seemed to make a difference .
but i can still used it .
so i was more than prepared to right this off as another product that would do nothing , but i was very wrong .
its ok best it did do the job no complaints good product for your iphone or apple product its a must have !
i had to send the first one back because it would n 't turn off .
my old one was over 2 years old and it would lose the power prettymuch the same day .
i thought i better install it before sending it after her , so i could guide her along .
i 've forced myself to be very aware of it ( so i do n 't lose the headset ) but it has n 't even come close to coming off in the month that i 've used it almost daily .
i probably should get a new phone anyway since mine is 2 1 2 years old .
i tried many times with no success .
the battery came half way ( ? ) chatged already so i was pleased that i did not have to wait .
only bad thing is that now i think my wife wants one .
i thought it was suppose to be here before the first of the month but it did not come until the 3rd of the month .
i 've ordered a new one just like it .
i can go about my business here without the person on the other end hearing everything that i do , but i can still hear what is being said on the other end . overall i would say if you are on the phone all day , or work from home like i do , get one !
i bought 2 of this and tried to test first . . .
well my last battery was lasting like 30 minutes and this one lasts like almost all day now so i 'm pleased .
case in point my h710 was a replacement for an h700 that i could n 't get replaced satisfactorily via the originating third party retailer here on amazon .
i always had sony ericssons in the past and did n 't have a problem , even though most other people did with their motorolas , nokias , etc .
as with most of my cellphone purchases , i loved this phone for about a year , then wanted a newer model .
for a first purchase you ca n 't go wrong .
after i read a couple comments here i decided to try again with the thought that if i messed it up , it would be a twenty buck lesson .
i keep at least three of them connected to my phone in each car and office .
i see no reason to buy something that is more expensive , as some reviews have suggested .
i order these for my kids and toss them when they break .
so i could n 't use it anymore .
i love these , have bought other brands and they break in a few months .
if you are a normal minute 's user you probably wo n 't even notice this issue . like i said before . . . .
i have not had any problems with the three that i have ordered .
i 've had it since early august and there have been no issues .
i definitely do n 't know this for sure , but if i had to guess , i 'd say these were rejects or recycled .
i just received it so a 4 star rating for now till i have had it for a week or so but for 1 . 50 there is no way you can go wrong .
i have had mine almost a year when i lost it .
i would definitely purchase this again .
i can only assume it was an initial failure .
i have had mine for well over a year now .
i just upgraded to this unit at work .
so this is where i went .
i guess i was lucky , mine was oem , or appeared to be .
i 've had my t610 for about 3 months now and i 'm still in love with it .
have more than one vehicle so i keep more than one of these in each .
i bought three and will need them .
i am trying to find a new one . . .
i like that i can stick this in my purse and if i get to a place where my phone is dead , i know i have a cord that will work .
i finally broke my first one , but i pushed it to the limits .
the sign of a good product is whether you would buy it again .
unfortunately , only for a couple months then it just died .
i 'm somewhat doubtful that the new pair will last very long either but i suppose i 'll find out .
everyone who has seen it asked me where i bought it .
i love this headphones so much i owned them for 3 years and i used them and abused them !
still , even if it lasts 8 months , i 'd still rather pay as i go since i do n 't know how much longer my phone will last .
however this new one was broken as well and fell apart within seconds .
at home we have three cell phones , an ipad , iphone and two ipods .
something is always wrong with the what she has so she takes mine .
i have had so many crappy chargers i bought 2 different ones at the same time in case it dies prematurely , have not even tried the other one yet .
take a look at this before you buy . . . . . .
i loved my first pair so much , i bought another for my mother .
i still use it even after 2 years !
elsewhere i purchased blackberrys and have been installed with the spanish language , unfortunately these do not last due tirnen download and hope it does not present other problems
now i 'm looking for a new one .
i absolutely loved this product so much that i am now buying them as gifts for everyone i know .
i do n 't really hate this at all , and i am sure it will be a great deal .
even with a lot of noise going on ( like when i 'm on my motorcycle ) , the sound is incredibly sharp . now , i see that they have a new version out , and if they 'd like to send me one , i 'd be more than happy to see what changes aliph has made , but i 'm very pleased with the one i have .
i 've used them a few days now and they seem to be living up to their claim .
i searched in few local stores and they told me i wont get it .
the battery did n 't last at all and i had to return it immediately .
i should have known it was not worth it .
i have owned these for about 3 years and they 're still kicking .
this solved the problem , but i still feel like i should n 't need it .
i do n 't recommend this unless you like having a crappy cheap phone or just for a backup .
i should have ordered 2 , but next time i 'll order another one .
if you are still reading this review and still not bothered by the hassles , then this product is definitely for you .
i bought these last year and still have quite a few left from the bulk i bought .
really feel like i wasted my money and to much time has gone by to get my money back or a replacement .
so , on to the next one .
i have been using this product for my iphone 3g for almost a month .
i unplugged my phone today at 9am today and ended my day around 12am . . .
and two , the batteries last so long that i never saw the need to spend $ 25 for the few times i do drive .
this was certainly the worse choice i made for my trip and i advise you to not buy this !
and those who are embarrassed by its large size may want to consider being less insecure .
its always nice to have the mirror just in case you need to check something out at last minute as well .
i needed one to use for my phone .
my brother saw me use it and bought one for his iphone too , and he likes it as well .
i 'm sure they do n 't last forever .
would recommend for others to purchase .
i take them off and reposition them , and i get used to it .
went to check at other places .
i use this for my iphone .
i just put it in my pocket or purse when i know i 'm going to be out and about all day .
i 've used it for a few months and it definitely helped when i dropped my phone .
it was a bit off putting at first as i thought they were defective .
got a new phone and do n 't use these any more .
i have the feeling i 'll be replacing this again in a few months of heavy use
they sent me a new one for free and that one broke in 2 days . .
i bought an h500 a few years ago when it first came out .
i am still using it today .
it 's been my favorite since i started using cell phones way back in 2000 .
the only reason i did n 't give it a 5 star is that my ear hurt at the end of the day .
since then , i have tried several and was happy with none of them .
has lasted 3 years , good product , never given me trouble .
i do n 't even remember buying this . .
do n 't buy anoy other one this is the right one to buy it works perfectly .
but , after you try it a couple times , you get used to it immediately see that it really is no problem at all .
i have been looking for a replacement holster ever since , and a soon as i find one that will fit my g1 that * does n 't * have this issue , i 'll be dumping this for something a little less pokey .
you might say so what you can only hear out of one ear on a home phone .
or you 're using two of them on the same ear . . . i do n 't know . whenever i use this i sometimes forget i have them it until the unit rings . . .
i have one that is still together .
i think that i have written a review on this phone already , but i 'm very happy so far !
i use it 5 days a week and it has been a real champ .
i 've had several of them over the last few years .
by then i already ordered it and did n 't want to bother with the return . the item was shipped from china , so if you guys should get it as a backup for incase you need it .
here 's a tip for you the quality might not be as good as you can see from the other reviews but if such a cheap price if you 're going to order one just order 5 or 6 then when one breaks you got a bunch of spares . thanks for reading i hope that it helped .
bought for my former blackberry and love it so much i bought another one for a gift .
if you need a good battery buy these i got for my lg 620g and they hold the charge nice and for along time , will buy again from them , thank you .
would i recommend it to others ?
this one will last you at least 18 months .
i bought these little fellows to open my phone and tablet .
i do not have any problems with it and have used it extensively .
i felt comfortable enough to drop my iphone as a demonstration for my brother .
skip this product , you 'll thank me later once you did .
i 'm late rating this item and it is still working great !
purchased product about many a month ago .
i did not use it and it is too late to return a defective product that came to me like that .
ive been using this product for over a year .
i would definitely recomend this to anyone .
all i can say is even though all the experts are saying the iphone is better .
i buy them five at a time because i either lose them or they die after a while .
i love blackberry and have n 't had one that i did n 't love .
i 've tried just about everything on the market only to send it back and get a refund .
but i do n 't think it 'll be an issue .
the only problem is how random ppl call me but i do n 't really mind as much hahah .
i 've seen a couple of reviews saying they received a knock off version when they ordered from the seller i did .
will buy again if i ever need another .
i use it everyday in my 2011 civic coupe for a couple of months now and have had no problems .
did n 't think i would find these for an old brick samsung .
it has taken me a while to review these products so i will tell you it 's still working and no problems .
the true test will be this next week while i 'm at work .
i bought this thinking i was walking into a bad deal .
i had one for more than a year that i got from ebay .
i would often call my family and friends while standing next to a busy street corner , and they would be none the wiser .
the only place it is a big problem for me is in my office .
i have used with various phones .
if you care about this , ( as i do ) , you might want to know .
no complaints and i would buy it again if needed .
i have a cyperpower ups that has been very reliable and i expect this little cyber wonder to be nothing less .
enough people have discussed the merits of this phone without my having to say anymore .
i will be reluctantly getting my 3rd q ( replacement ) . i 've only had this 2nd one for maybe 2 months .
i wished i got this one first !
i love my imp1000 ( old 2010 model of the newer imp120d ) . . . but i found myself not bringing it with me as often as i 'd like due to it 's larger size . i 've only had this for a short while , so i 'll update my review when i 've had more time with it . so far , first impressions are * pros * small , compact , and lightweight .
i think i may have to buy this again so i can enjoy my mp3 songs .
i have had this item for well over a year now !
i still use this with one of my cellphones and it has lasted over 3 years now .
not sure again why i bought this product .
if you just want to use one occasionally like i did ( to make my draw something drawings a little nicer , haha ) then these are a great choice .
i got this to replace the one i lost ( actually i think when i was getting my car washed it walked out ) but . . this one was a good price and a nice replacement , it was better then the one that i lost stolen . .
i showed it off at work today and nobody there had any idea that there was even a product like this .
my only reservation is that the display is only visible when the device is plugged in so , in any location where you ca n 't see the display , you typically need to plug it in again in elsewhere to view the result .
i know this is no assistance to you all but it is what happens as amazon keeps sending emails to review products .
i purchased this item as a temporary replacement bc i lost mine .
so if these are too large for you you are out of luck , because it is almost impossible to get a replacement elsewhere .
i 've been so pleased with the product that i bought a 2nd for work and travel .
but that just means they can use that amount .
i guess you have to take care of your phone to avoid such issues ! it 's helped me and definitely served the purpose .
but i ca n 't say i used it alot
i 've made it work for several weeks , but i 'm looking for a replacement .
i thought about getting another since they are so cheap , but then i thought better of it .
it is sufficient for my needs , as i only use it if i 'm going to be traveling for some time .
i did really enjoy it when i had it .
problem ( or lack thereof ) solved ! so , do n 't get upset .
if i ever need another one , this is the product i will buy .
i knew i was getting an inferior item .
it does n 't , which turns out is good .
this is one of those devices that you do n 't know you need until you have it .
i read some of the other reviews saying it shakes which i do n 't know how you could avoid that since the whole car is moving .
i do n 't recall purchasing this product .
but i none of these things have affected me like others , so i have n 't looked into how to upgrade it .
i do n 't need stereo but i 've got it if i want it .
if i just had one and it failed i would n 't give such a poor rating , but both failing together lets you know there is an inherent flaw in the design .
everyone is grown so you all are going to do what you want to do .
i do n 't really have any negative thing to say about it .
i bought some other cheap lame one and will never go back .
i tried it twice in the past but never seemed to benefit and work successfully .
i would n 't hesitate to buy one of these again if needed .
i get asked about it all the time .
i totally recommend this to everyone interested !
i do n 't generally use it , but might if i was out traveling .
putting it on , once i got the hang of it , went pretty well , though i am anal and it had to be just right so i did have to put it on twice .
but i 'm getting used to it .
let me just say , the cord is almost identical as the original that my cat chewed up 2 months after getting the phone . ( i was super po 'd ) anyways i get this in the mail today and naturally i want to try it out .
i am going to try to return it but it is almsot $ 4 to get it replaces which is bs !
i 'm thinking about getting a 2nd one !
it did what i wanted for the time being .
had for 3 months and have n 't had a problem .
they love it and will hopefully save some money if they drop their phone again .
i go through these rather quick with all the iphones we have in our home .
have worked great , had them for a while now .
i bought these for very cheap thinking that they would last a little while and then i would go out ansd spend some real money on headphones . . . . . .
opps first one is in trash .
if i were to lose this , i 'd want to buy the same model again !
it takes about 10 14 days from the time you send it in to get a new one .
liked it for the few months ( 4 ? ) i had it .
i upon receipt ii compared and its looks identical to my old one .
and yes i would buy it again
i am able to hook them up to my older hd tv and view any and all things on my ipad .
this was the show stopper and why i picked the nokia bh 800 instead .
but as i said do n 't last if you use it each day .
i do n 't know if this will be helpful for anyone .
says its arrived but , i have not got it yet , i will update this once it comes in and i can use it on my phone .
i would not recommend this product to anyone else .
i would buy again if needed .
i did n 't buy these to take a a cell phone apart , but rather a tablet pc and they were worked flawlessly .
this is a replacement for one exactly the same .
i guess the first one i got was simply a dud . did n 't up it to 5 stars because the first one was a dud and it did catch fire .
i 've tried various methods of making my calls easier .
after reading countless reviews of many products , i decided to go with the imp52d . i previously owned a new trent product for my previous iphone 4 which i was happy with but lost it but i 'm pretty satisfied with this replacement . this product is great for anyone who is a heavy user of a smartphone or needs a bit of extra juice for their phone throughout the day .
it 'd be better only if someone can provide one that you ca n 't loose
i needed a bunch of these for my wife 's and my plethora of apple devices and bought these .
i liked it a lot but it is now unusable .
i knew that when i bought them .
i do n 't use it outside though .
i leave it at home but will purchase another to leave at work .
very minor and maybe i just have to get use to it .
i was only lucky i found it before my iphone would fall onto a concrete floor . nothing more to say .
i always make sure that when buying things like this they are legit and not fakes , as others have said make sure you buy from amazon .
you need it the first day you buy the phone because you will have scratches on the phone and they will be there forever , so protect the phone when it comes out the box the very first day .
i did not use it for a few months but it really came in handy during the winter when i needed to use my phone with gloves on on a regular basis .
but they work and my husband use his all the time at work and have had them a good little while .
i have dropped and beat up my 7290 so much but none of this really shows .
i almost went with a knock off for half the price . . . do n 't do it ! ! ! this one is awesome !
i would purchase again if needed .
i needed to replace the one on my phone as it had a scratch , nothing minor so i had been putting it off .
i would recommend it to anyone .
i put them to use the day i received them , and am quite happy with them .
nothing i could do but return it .
i would highly recommend this product .
i bought this product and used it for something other than the iphone or ipod and it worked great , at the time i was using an htc phone .
bought one for me and the wife ( diff color ; phone , not wife , lol . ) . firefighter work 24 hr shift and never know when if will get to recharge so this is perfect for me and anyone else that ca n 't always plug in to charge each day .
when i found these i was excited , because they are really cheap and i could buy as many as five for back up , well .
rarely do i get excited about a purchase .
i am using that battery but the charge only lasts two days at the most .
you can read about the sizes but i never seem to picture it right until i have the product sitting right in front of me . but it gets the job done .
i bought these before for my previous cell phones , and they really seemed to help .
i would recommend this item to others .
would definitely purchase this item if you treasure your iphone !
i 'm sure it can be done and i was only having trouble because i 'm a clutz .
i had returned another blackberry 8310 earlier this week and it was in awful condition .
useless because its plastic and the first time she drops it , it will break because she had one like the one we received and it had already broke the first time it was bumped .
i just have to remember to replace the batteries from time to time .
do n 't buy any other one but this one . .
do n 't recommend for more than 2 a time .
i 've been testing out the jabra extreme for a few weeks now .
they only lasted about six months and we had to get new one .
i take this one with me when i travel and it has yet to break after months of abuse .
this gave me 70 in about an hour and a half .
i 've ordered three of them to leave around the house for everyone to use .
i was really duped by this sale and do not recommend others buying this item except directly from apple .
i needed these to open a hp sleekbook also a old ipod touch .
the battery works great and really happy of the product i would recommend this item to others that need it .
it was hard for me to decide to spend the little bit of extra cash , but i am glad i did .
i do n 't understand the bad reviews it 's 6 $ ca n 't really complain if it last a few months or years .
i would not recommend this product if you want something nice .
i left it in a drawer for a month , pulled it out and it was still ready to go ! i use the device a couple of times a month on business , when driving , etc .
i decided to return this product the moment i took it out of the box .
i would recommend this to anyone .
this was a perfect replacement for one that had broken .
i would recommend this to the user who does n 't want a complex phone .
i am sure before the end of next month i will once again be searching for chargers . . . smh
i have not had any problems with it so far and for $ 5 dollars i do n 't think i can ask for much more .
i love it and will buy another for backup .
i could n 't ever tell a difference when it was working and when it was n 't , and after 3 months use the usb power port broke and it is now useless .
this purchase was for a friend of mine and it they love it !
i love keeping mine on my desk .
which is okay , because most of my friends and family have those phones anyway , but for those of you that do n 't , this is not for you .
if you can afford something better i suggest buying a blackberry or an iphone .
my advice it to just take it easy and be careful .
i purchased one about 5 months ago and i love it !
i am always applying new ones every three months and i have no problems with bubbles and all that and if there is one or two i can get them out , but these were terrible .
you find good ones and bad ones ; this one was ok considering the price .
i am very pleased with this product and wish i could find one exactly like it that will fit my new iphone 5 .
i have sinced moved and lost it which is great because i still have the phone with the original battery that works fine .
the one i purchased worked for a good year .
i 'd be more than happy to answer any and all of them .
i 've had it for quite a while and have n 't had any problems
i did n 't want to spend too much money on a stand , but i 'm glad i did .
the fit is n 't as tight as i would like but it has proven to me that it stays put .
used this to replace an original with an old cell phone .
i hair smaller on each side and it would have been perfect . as it is , the one i got was n 't that great and i ca n 't recommend this to anybody else based on the one that i got .
after eight months of use , i 'm still on my first one and it looks as good as when i first put it on .
but being cheap that was maybe a month .
i do n 't have a home phone so i have n 't tried it for that .
my advice is to get it .
no reason for me to get a new phone anytime soon .
i 've tried the motorola ones and either i could n 't hear or the person on the other end could n 't hear ( usually both ) . i bought this based on a recommendation of a realtor that swore by it , and to be honest , i have only had occasional trouble with it .
got this yesterday and have been using it ever since .
but when i got it and hooked it up in 5 different locations it was not as good as they all said it was .
i just give them one of these .
but overall it is an excellent phone . . . u do n 't get such a good phone being offered by any provider for free . . .
i always like to have a few extras around , as i am a little accident prone and have ruined a few by closing them in the door , cutting them , and just losing them .
i received this and have used it several times over the course of 2 weeks .
i tried it for a day and returned it .
i did n 't ever remove it or stretch it , so this just happened over a 2 month period .
i 've had great luck with this product .
really sorry i bought this , and getting something else .
it 's now reserved as my international phone and i lend it to anyone going over seas .
i usually keep my phone in my pocket or on a desk nearby when i 'm using it , so that is not a worry for me anyway .
this is a life saver to keep the kids happy , my husband and i happy , and we all can enjoy our time while traveling .
would have given it five stars but i want to see how well it last .
and who do you think is going to have to buy it ? ? ?
it certainly is not as clear as my cell phone directly used , but i get by with it .
i regret buying this and wasting my money . . . . .
if you are looking at reviews and trying to figure out which battery to buy for your iphone ( i have a 3gs ) quit messing around and buy this .
i purchased this for myself as well as for a friend for my iphone 3gs .
if you hate the cables everywhere i highly recommend getting this .
i bought this over two yrs ago .
i would buy from them again .
would recommend this and buy again .
if you can get it for $ 15 or less then only is it really worth it .
i use these when i go running or i 'm at the gym and i tell you they are terrible for that .
most of my co workers do n 't even know i have them on since my hair covers them completely .
i love my blackberry 8330 and this does the job , for my cell phone !
they say i can go up to 10 meters away and still not have a problem .
great item for those of us with ipads who also need to scribble a note the old fashion way .
i was looking forward to these .
i could n 't pass this up and neither should you
and if it does n 't you can always hang urself with it .
i did n 't know that there was such a product !
two of my friends also have the same package and are pretty happy with it .
wish i would have known about them years ago !
i should have heeded their advice and not bought this .
i would recommend these for all .
in under an hour i was at 55 battery life and could keep going normally till i had an opportunity to do a normal charge at my office , later that evening .
this is the second one i bought the first one i actually broke took a lot of work but i finally broke it only dropped it a dozen times from several different hieghts
i only use it now if my battery is low and i want to keep it from getting lower . . . that 's really all it 's good for .
i have been using them for over 18 months now and it has worked perfectly .
if i was not watchful i could have lost my phone .
but , if you can mind those obvious flaws you 'd be in heaven .
i love it and ca n 't say enough good things about it .
i hope sure will make a new model for these phones , i miss using it .
nobody had ever seen a phone like this before , and total strangers would come up and ask me about it .
plan on getting extra for when you lose them .
i have it for 1 year and it is still in the same condition .
i did n 't found any issue with this product .
i have bought a few cheaper ones in the past , and they never last very long .
i am going to buy another one right now .
i 've used this for almost 2 years now and it just now broke .
i 'd used blueant products for at least 3 years before i lost my device .
still waiting on more stuff that i ordered at the same time .
i 'd buy another one if needed .
i tried many ways and nothing .
i 've found that this is particularly the case on a slightly windy day , or when your cell phone is on the opposite side of your body .
in case you mess one up you have two left .
still using it to the day would def buy again
i would recommend it to others is a great buy .
i would not hesitate to buy anything from them .
i ca n 't begin to say how great of a product this is .
i do n 't even try to catch it when it drops anymore !
never got a response , bought a different pair think * * * * you too ! which turned out to be just terrible and came running right back to a second pair of these . i highly suggest them , just be wary of how where you store them .
i love my nokia e71 and want to keep it for a long time .
i thought this would be the solution but he says its not nearly as comfortable so we are going back to the legend !
i should have ordered another but for now it will do .
had no complains , but this is not something i would buy again for a long term use , is just to used it for some time , then you get tired .
i recommend these to anyone who has a iphone your screen is just too valuable to scratch up ! )
i have gone three weeks with the motorola , and that is enough .
i did n 't have any use for this item after i received it so i returned it .
and boy did i return it about 6 times .
i bought this about a year ago and forgot to review it . . .
i already own this one and liked it so much i 'm getting another .
i since got a new phone so i do n 't have that problem anymore .
but my friends think this is a cool little phone , and they all want one .
i recommend this product to everyone .
i just bought this for my dad i phone . . . .
i went for these and now have to buy a better one and pay shipping all over again , do n 't make the same mistake .
if i dropped it , i believe it will be saved but every drop is risky regardless . . .
i hope it is useful to note this is my third purchase of this particular product and i plan to order from this company in the future .
this is another great product and i will always order from here in the future .
they all sent me pics of using them , so they must love 'em .
as someone who is on the road a lot , this item is a must for all iphone and ipad users , or any other gadgets compatible with this product .
i got one and it really cracks just by being flexed often enough , which is really unavoidable no matter how careful you are .
you never know when your battery may go dead and you may really need your phone .
i 'm not very careful with my phone , that 's why i 'm always looking for nice cases .
i also need 20 words so that i can post this review .
that fact will probably mean you will stress it more often and it will not last , not to mention being a pain in the * * * in the meantime .
i 've had it for a while and still use it to this day .
i have n 't tested it out yet because i have other cases that i use as well .
i have bought around 10 of these over the last year , most are still working as well as they ever have , a few i have broken because they are fragile and bad build quality .
i thought i could finally upgrade him to a smartphone when he called and complained that his battery would n 't charge , but he just wanted a replacement .
probably going to have to buy another one because i do n 't want to wake up in the morning and realize that i have no charge on my battery .
guess this does n 't make your decision easier huh ?
i would recommend this for anyone .
i just wanted to get something that apparently nobody makes .
this just made it so i did n 't have to dish out the money for new chargers .
this was just something i wanted to pick up for fun .
i 'd strongly recommend this to any blackberry owner .
was very unhappy with this it did n 't work no time i had got it for my husband and i haven heard the last of it from him
had this for as long as i owned my iphone 3gs ( and still going strong ) . dropped my phone a gazillion times , no damage .
i recommend getting a couple of these so you can leave one at home and the other at work or in your car .
i have had only one problem and my husband has the same one .
i was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time .
will be buying if any more are needed .
this would have been so great to have on hand then .
i chose to put the best one , this one , in the car along with a second cheap one , as a backup .
it 'll end up in the same place mine did . . .
i bought this for my android g1 about a year ago after the battery i had before died .
if you would have to do that maybe not so much benefit .
i rate this at as a total waste of my money !
so if your looking for something that will last you the weekend , and are using your devices with regular use , this is probably what you want .
i know where to put and find it all the time and it do n 't get lost inside my bag .
i had it for a couple if years .
i should of returned it as soon as i got it .
we have n 't tested the connection from far away just yet , but we do n 't ever plan on using it when the phone is too far .
now as i mentioned i used it outside camping .
used it for a few days and have n 't had any problems .
until then i leave the review at a neutral three stars .
it is worth every penny since it has saved me hundreds of dollars in not having to replace his phone .
great item for those who have to use two cell phones ( work and personal ) . clear .
so i was always loosing it and now i have lost it for good i think .
i 'm worried that would hurt my iphone and macbook pro over time , so i 'm only going to use for emergency charging .
was n 't long before they were broken .
we could n 't be more pleased with our purchase ! ! !
i m still using my old phone with this new battery .
mine finally ripped out in two places there and i had to buy this one .
i bought this as christmas gifts for my co workers and myself .
lost this one , tried to pass of a cheaper brand only to order this same one again .
i 've been using them for about two weeks now , and i am quite pleased .
keep looking if you have that phone so you wo n 't be disappointed .
i 've used it for more than six months and i 'm pleased with it .
i consider myself a gadget guy and have purchased many , many cases for the many , many phones i have owned .
will still continue business with this company but will make sure to investigate comments before buying .
if i had one negative thing to say it would be that sometimes people tell me that i need to speak up while using the device but that is very rare and could possibly have to do with me and not the device itself .
lost it and use this to replace . . . after two months started getting noisy .
i had it for 6 or 9 months i wore it out until it would n 't take a charge .
my old one had been beaten up and had a few nicks in it ( after a year and a half ) . i put one of these on a few months back and it 's already pretty beat up .
overall great buy for those who are looking to protect their device to the fullest !
i have been using them for years now , and this is the only one i will spend money on .
bought these to scatter around the house so we never have to look far for a cord , and they have done the job perfectly .
the other day we got about 1 , 000 of these in and within 24 hrs , all but 2 were sold .
very impressed with it , is exactly what i would have had to pay $ 40 for on the website .
i totally forgot about this one .
i know many people with the defender case and all of them love it and have had no problems with it , so i recommend getting that one instead to have over a longer period of time .
i have used this several times while watching a video on youtube or a movie trailer .
it does what it says it does , its not super impressive , i 've only used it a handful of times since i bought it .
she is happy therefore i am happy .
i wear it all day and never run out of my charge , and sometimes even forget that i am wearing it because it is so lighweight and comfortable .
it was unusable so i had no choice and had to return to store .
the price was great i recommend this to everyone who is thinking if buying this
very good charger an very cheap it would be smart to buy extras instead of havein to buy 1 every 3 to 4 months but i hope i can make this one last by being gentel with it
i have no idea if this is a real motorola product or a great copy .
considering buying a 2nd one because we have to share this one on long trips .
i have been using my blackberry curve for almost 2 years and only 3 times have i been able to run the battery to empty in one day .
i have used it for some time .
had to buy more for my family once they saw mine .
if that does n 't make matters worse , they did n 't offer to send me a new one . . . they wanted me to ship the original first .
i 'm very happy with this , exactly what i was looking for .
they come in a 10 pack so pay attention because i did n 't and order 30 instead of the 3 i thought i was purchasing .
i guess i can figure it out eventually .
i have not had any major issues .
i 'd buy it in a minute !
i have had this product for 2 years now .
granted i have only had it for a month , but i 've used it about every other day an d no problems yet .
i never thought i would own a blackberry .
i started using the other one that 's left .
i like the product but i 'm not excited about it .
i called motorola for a replacement .
i 've had other ones that the material is so cheap that it starts to come apart after 1 use but these are very sturdy and wo n 't scratch or damage what you 're working on at the same time .
use it daily and i 've had no issues .
needed it when i broke mine on my old 3gs i would buy this again !
it did n 't make my ear sore or uncomfortable and i could just go about my business and gab away .
first time trying to fix my own cell and this tool help me to make sure that this job is done right the first time
and now that i have it for a over a month or two , its hard to put it down .
worked pretty for a while . . . id say about 6 months and then it stopped working .
i would definitely buy another one .
ended up here so paying it forward !
i do n 't know if any other can be better , this seems perfect so far .
i felt as if i would not lose it .
i will definitely be bringing it on most trips !
i take good care of my cords so i do not anticipate any issues . april 2014 . i ordered another one and it does n 't work at all .
i figured for the price , why not try them and let me tell you . . . i am glad i did .
however only a month or so after that , i seemed to have misplaced it , and had pretty much thought it was lost . today , about a month and a half later , i found it , in my dryer .
i may need to buy another one or two to keep in my suitcase computer bag so i 'll have one when i travel .
my wife and i each purchased v551s with our migration to cingular 6 months ago .
i 'll have to buy another from another source .
probably it was not chosen well , but at most . . . . could have been used as was anticipated . . . . . . . .
but i loved it so much , i bought another .
one time it did the same thing the other time it did n 't .
i watched the bad reviews , but was hopeful because of some of the positive ones .
do n 't mess around , just get these and no longer worry about a dreaded scratch .
what that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap .
got one each for me and my wife , but we do n 't use them anymore .
i used them daily , and they each lasted about 4 6 months , and then they stopped working .
i 'm using halo now and pretty happy with them .
i had my old blackberry 8830 laying around with an unusable dead battery , so i ordered 2 identical replacements .
i do n 't know what most people were expecting but i think my expection of the phone is what i expected . . . . until someone finds the perfect phone that has no problems , have everything you ever wanted , absolutely no issue with it and it does every possible thing , then you let me know but for now this phone is ok good
i started to look for a backup battery to keep me from ending up with a dead phone just when i needed it .
i normally buy every 3 months because she breaks them .
i have these everywhere i go .
this lasted me for quite some time .
but i would n 't buy these again , as i have read of this defect in other reviews
if you 've never done it before , i recommend watching a few videos to help you do it .
this is not going to be used any other way .
these are great . i was really looking forward to writing this review tonight as i 'm hoping i can help someone else avoid all the research i did ( cnet , endless googling ) only to find this one through trial and error . look no further , you 've found a great headset !
it was way better than that last stupid cheap one i bought at best buy that the cord wore out on after 2 months .
i did not expect to have that problem .
worked from day one and is still going strong .
i used to have a motorola and recently switched to a samsung .
this is def the product for you .
i 've bought 3 sets of them because they 're out of production and i wanted to have some spares .
it really is n 't bad for a person who wants a smart phone that is n 't .
i wound up with all of my frequent contacts from outlook on my phone this includes anyone i had ever sent an e mail to .
i would prefer it to be smaller but i would rather it was reliable . if the reliability changes i will update the review .
i bought , exchanged , and then returned this unit .
i had to replace the cord from the first one i purchased a month ago , but this one is great .
i 'm thinking maybe it has something to do with the type of cell phone i have .
i like that it covers up most of the buttons that tend to get smeared when they are exposed .
i guess this is what i get form trying to cheap out .
we had the phone for about 3 months before i threw it away .
i use this and ca n 't tell a difference
it does what i wanted so i 'm happy with this purchase .
i only have to charge them once a week ( i listen probably only a couple hours a day , and not every day , so take that for what it 's worth ) , which is great .
i am going to return phone it will not stay charged for more than an hour , that 's the only problem so far but unable to use for extended time to see if there are any other issues .
i had the new one for about 2 weeks now and it is stained already .
i bought several to try them out and see which i liked best .
this was a really nice phone when i had it .
i would not buy this again in the future .
i will update this review in about a week to tell you how the battery is doing .
do n 't watch just one , watch several .
i love this product ! ! ! ! i 'm a super researcher nd always search for the best deal .
i was able to return them for a partial refund .
other ones i had tried before tended to hurt my ear after being in for awhile .
this surely does the trick ! ! ! i bought two of these just in case i might loose one !
just cut them down to size and stuck them on , they lasted about 3 4 months before i would want to switch them out .
my wife has had it for over three years and it is still working .
combined the two thing i like the best were definitely a selling attraction .
i thought that it would die after a couple uses since it was so cheap , but it 's still going strong .
i have owned this 510 for almost four years and have worn it nearly eight hours every day .
if you will like to be organized and to be conected anytime of the year this is the smartphone for you .
i let my wife borrow it to see if she liked it , needless to say i have ordered another one for myself .
i would n 't lose much if it did n 't work out for me and if it did then i got at an awesome price !
just like the one i received with my iphone .
i tried a couple other brands that only partly worked .
so , i guess my kids will get them sometime next year .
i 'm guessing i 'm not alone in having a phone take a small dive from a nightstand to the floor ( about 3 feet ) . i just wish it could have taken a couple falls for it to break as opposed to one .
i would recommend this product to all .
sometimes i 'm there for up to 3 hours .
if you 're just looking for something to put your phone in , then this case probably wo n 't disappoint for the price . however , if you 're looking for something a bit better ( and really , you would n 't have to look that far ) , then the price will come up , but quality will greatly increase too . my dad just got a blackberry 8800 and got two cases by accident and gave me one .
if you are just going to put this in your purse for a back up then this is for you
one has lasted me half a year so they 're decent .
i used it and then also sold it for $ 40 after using it a lot .
do n 't know what other reviewers are seeing .
i can not begin to tell you how invaluable this product is to anyone who owns an iphone .
i mean i only have been rocking them about a month , but been great !
just a heads up before you buy and are disappointed .
so , yes , buy it and have some fun . .
i got the first one for $ 2 . 99 and my wife and i liked it so much that we ordered 4 more for friends and for when these wear out which her $ 30 at t ; store version is already doing after a year too .
another item i 've purchased through amazon that we 've been using for a while now with no proms .
i actually never used it but here is why .
this is a review of the second one . i will give these to any one who wants them .
i think they are cheap because they are old .
just received today , i will be testing them and updating my review soon .
if you have all night , maybe that is n 't a big deal .
i would never buy it again .
this virtually guarantees that i am going to have charge wherever i go .
i return the item because it did not give me all it says will do .
which she chose to have me install , on my old blackberry i chose not too choice is good . .
if any of the negative issues come up , i 'll deal with them at that time .
having 5 is nice so if something happens to one , you do n 't have to worry about ordering another one .
i 've never had a problem with any of them .
i tried it again to make sure it was the cover , and sure enough it did the same thing as before .
so that was all useless to me .
this one will get you through the day and most of the night no matter what you do .
if you own a bold or you are planning on a bold there is a dock available for that too .
im going to try it out for a while and give an update .
but then i realized i should just get a new phone , which i eventually did .
and i wish i could use it for longer periods of time .
that was a very good experience .
now i just need to type extra words to be able to post this review . . .
we use it so much that we just wear ours out , because we use them periodically for travel with our mobile phones , but also have them on our portable home phones .
i just picked this up 2 days ago and am upgrading from the previous version which was fine as well .
i get more calls than i make .
did n 't want to take the business risk of replacing with the same thing .
i found this out when i bought a motorola razr phone that quit and had to be sent in for service .
good buy if you are purchasing for more than yourself .
telephoning jabra , i learned they do not have repleacment batteries , we have to buy another unit if it 's more than a year old , and i have no idea it was a gift . however , thanks to amazon , i 'm ordering this one because of the price .
i 've lost one and worn out the replacement .
i can only really complain about one thing . . .
i ca n 't really give a fair review of this product yet .
so if you do n 't want to fry your device , do n 't buy this .
i bought this product for a former phone i had .
the battery goes into a 5 year old cell phone and it was not available in any local stores .
i have nothing but good to say about this product .
i 've had 12 that i can remember and i 've now bought 3 of these in a row .
i plug it into one place n leave it there .
i have purchased and reviewed several products from eforcity and each one has the same message know that you are getting a very very very cheap product , and treat it accordingly .
it was suppose to come to me between the 15th and 18th of this month but it came early .
i bought it when i got my htc sensation .
i have gone through a few smartphones trying to find one that works .
they are great ! ! i have had none of the previous problems described above .
wished they made one like that for my other cell .
i 've had no issues with it since i received it . great product and not expensive .
i have also changed to a motorola phone and it doensnt read it either .
i definitely recommend everyone to buy this product .
i 've had my lg xenon for a year and half and unfortunately i really gave the battery a beating to where it would drain within 3 to 4 hours .
i 'm glad it came free with my phone , because if i 'd payed for this . . .
or , if you are confident in the repair or have done it before , just buy this part and save yourself a few bucks . anyway , hope this was helpful .
love it and will definitely purchase another one soon .
we do n 't use our phones much , and it 's a stretch to tell you that i think we have lg 3800s and to show how little we use them , we prepay annually , and mine stays in the car for emergencies .
i give it 4 stars only for the drawback , otherwise i would highly recommend this to others .
if you phone does n 't have such a connection , then you may want to look into a different phone because nothing without a direct connection is going to work , and you may want to look into a phone that gets better reception ( there are some just read the 3rd party reviews ) . i would n 't recommend this product to anyone unless you just have money to burn .
i was glad i was able to purchase this online for my phone .
i have used it for up to 10 hrs so far with no problems .
i was amazed it would be so perfect for my new phone and yet so inexpensive .
i 'm a heavy power user when it comes to my phones and tablet .
i 've tried it on other phones and get the same problem .
i used it on my ipad and i 'm currently waiting for my ipad 2 to come in the mail so that i can use it with that one as well .
this is the second one i bought .
now we can just keep this in our bag and plug our phone in and keep going .
purchased these as a mothers day gift to my wife while i attempt to repair the failing jack on the higher end sk * * * * * * * y pair she had been using for the last couple years .
i have 3 total for all parts of my life !
i was alittle caucious when i first read the reviews with everyone having mixed , but over all good reviews .
if they would fix its failures it would be a clear winner .
i recently ordered this item for my new blackberry storm .
i have had it for a couple months and have had no problems with it .
i do n 't know if maybe i dropped it too many times , or if moisture got into it , but after working well for about a year and a half , i had to retire this device .
i had the phone for a very short duration of time so ended up not really using this product .
i 'm just starting to cycle it now , i just got it .
i think i will buy another one .
i tried many times to glue them but they still break easily afterwards . i still have n 't seen a better holder .
i guess i 'm not as adventurous with my cell phone as some others . . .
i would recommed this to anyone .
some people seem to think they do , some do n 't .
i had it with my original equipment .
i think that they are worth buying .
bought these for my daughters phone and she has n 't complained which is a task in itself so i guess they are good
have every thing i needed ( or more ) to open my motorola droid .
the price was so great , i bought 3 so i can replace them whenever i want to .
all im saying is do n 't be dumb and waste a lot of time . . . . .
going to order another one as i like to update my cases at least once a year . i typically keep my phones for 2 years , so i should be all set .
i 've used this several times over past year and it works .
although i 'm not sure i would order an item being sent from china again , i would certainly deal with the seller again .
i bought this to prevent future robbery .
i bought another for a friend and she is pleased as well .
they did just what we wanted them to do !
these worked for a few months and went dead .
i 'm going to return this one .
however , i have used the same model for over 1 year .
that would be a great bonus if it could do that !
i do n 't think the battery is replaceable but on average i 've been listening to music about 3 hours per day and use it for about 30 minutes of phone calls .
i 'm back home now and plan to use it this weekend and see how it does .
in the month i 've used it it has n 't marred the surface at all so maybe i should n 't worry about it .
do n 't know why this product is so good and beats what you would pay 5 times more for at the store .
i just recieved my treo 650 four days ago and am happy so far .
when you need this cord then you ca n 't beat the price , just order a couple at the same time so when you lose one you do n 't have to wait the month for the shipping .
i will be returning it and replacing it with another discovery 925 that i lost a couple of weeks ago .
it does exactly what i need it to do .
i see tons of complaints about those .
this is a great phone but as to this date the display blanked out and wo n 't come back on as im in the caribbean a return is not an option so your product suck
did not have any problems with it for my old palm phone at all .
i am overally pleased with the product .
usually i find them clean but not working .
great alternative to buying same from a . . . .
in that time , i 've used it regularly , mostly when i travel or when i decide to commute rather than drive to work .
i sent them back and am now looking for other options . believe me , i wanted to like this product . . . and i did when it worked .
i will be sending this one back as well .
i bought this product right before i left to use with my iphone 5 ( also a recent purchase ) . my first impression taking it out of the box was how small and light it was .
but if you want to turn it off , thats a whole different story .
i thought it was my phone and the problem would eventually go away .
i 've so far summed up motorola products as well really really poor .
* update 3 25 2013 * i raised this to five stars because the issue i had was my fault .
i realize that this was not the best choice .
it may bother those who are extremely light sensitive while sleeping .
i chose the h680 and am not disappointed .
my girlfriend however had gone through 2 in 6 months .
got this quick in the mail and my girl like it something different and gonna get another since the price is good .
i do n 't recomend wasting your money on this .
i like it and will order more .
i have had 2 of these for about 2 years .
i like to watch my anime that i download on my comp on my tv and now i have sound to go with it .
it 's also surprising that this happens randomly , so it 's kinda annoying , b c you ca n 't anticipate it .
i 'm very pleased with my purchase .
he hates his and i love mine .
i tried restarting everything and still had the same problem . problem 3 after wearing these for about 2 hours my ears were killing me , they were very uncomfortable ! needless to say i returned these the day after i got them .
i had mine for 2 years before i lost it .
i have just started using it so i do not know how long it will last .
i received it broken , and they did n 't offer to replace it .
this will work for a short time only .
i can say look to other products to meet your needs .
i screwed up ; should n 't have ordered this ; it 's of no use to me .
this ones been on for mearly a month now , and is n 't starting to peel off yet , but is showing scratches more than others i 'd used before .
i will buy another when the time comes .
this was my 3rd one ran over one with my car and wore one out .
it is a pain but since the cable is by far cheaper i am ok with that .
long cord that i like since i can have it still pluged in and used it without bending over weird .
i 've been using one of these for years !
my friends and coworkers can identify these units remotely and asked that i do not speak to them using the bt250 or bt250v .
i am sure the husband will be griping the entire time he tries to get it unstuck . avoid at all costs ! i scanned past the negative reviews since this product had a few really positive reviews with a lot of helpful votes .
i did a lot of research before deciding to buy this one .
i 'm very thankful that i got it .
i read the others precautionary reviews , but thought i was the exception . i was wrong .
but , the old one was doing it every time so i bought a new one .
i did n 't see the point of keeping it !
i might have been able to tolerate that .
so far after 3 months i 've got no complains .
i purchased the set over a year ago and am now surprised that it works with my macbook air , as well as my iphone and ipad .
i got this to use on the porch , and going to other places like friends and family .
i liked this because is convenient but it stop working after two months and i was disappointed .
i would recomend these to anyone who wants to protect thier investment .
i 'm thinking of taking it apart and removing the led , but i do n 't travel at night too much with it so i might let it slide .
then maybe you might need this .
i wore one out and bought another .
i find it quite sad and i would never buy this product this again .
the other times i just push it in vain .
had it two years and it 's still working great so when i saw they had a smaller unit , i bought two .
the best thing is that it 's universal , so i could probably use it with any phone i get in the future .
i should not have even needed this with a brand new samsung galaxy s3 but i did . . . the instructions could have been a little better is my only complaint
yes my puppy got a hold of the the ones i ordered before !
i had one of these and my dog got hold of it , i bought another one just like it to replace it .
this product was ok but when i got it the cord got lose i guess and i was already able to see the wire .
my husband and i both purchased these on amazon for our new blackberry phones .
so far this phone , i have not issues so far yet .
looked for these for a long time .
i actually just bought a second one because i like it so much .
i would buy it again if i still had an iphone 3g 3gs .
i bought this when i had the iphone .
if you want an iphone i suggest you go with a newer model unless your able to change the battery yourself .
my first impression upon opening the box was wow , this is cool . i have n 't been disappointed yet with it .
lets me use it with my iphone .
i have had this product now for over 9 months .
i will have to be on the phone for 8 hours a day .
i actually have to turn it down .
the price is a little high yes but its worth for something that will last ! ! i had it dropped many times . . .
no one has asked me to repeat anything .
i still have n 't recieved my order apprently lost in mail and company said on may 20 they would resend order .
i got this a couple of months ago .
it was pretty while i had it .
i lost one , and went out and bought another one could never say that about any headset i tried .
i have had them for a few months and have had no problems .
i can wear it for hours comfortably .
despite that experience , i will probably buy another because there is apparently nothing else that serves the purpose so perfectly well .
do not hesitate to buy if you need it .
overall it 'll do for now considering the price but i will be on the market soon looking for an upgrade .
supposedly if they ca n 't give you the same phone ( which they could n 't because the w600i has been discontinued ) they 're supposed to replace it with something comparable .
i would definitely recommend this product to anyone with a razr .
by the way the case u can get on the website or here on amazon .
we have had them for about the same length of time .
i love being able to use these with my phone and mp3 player .
i was disappointed but was only out a couple bucks . . .
i 'm extremely happy with my purchase .
they said they do that 20 times a day every day ! i 'm sold !
will i recommend this products yes .
this probably is n 't being sold any more , but i really enjoyed my time with it .
for some reason i hear the mic even when it should be muted .
i will give it 2 stars for this . . . .
i am delighted with my purchase .
he found his g3 so i never really needed this .
i 've had these for over a year now .
i just make sure that the batteries are pretty much toast before i charge them up .
i liked it so much that i bought one for my friend , and she absolutely loves it also .
another item i did n 't receive and want to clear from the list .
it will not be my last either since i 'm sure they will have something new and lovely i want in a year or two , for now though i 'm more than satisfied . things i rave about 1 ) memory !
i am very pleased with this product .
this is my first smart phone so i ca n 't compare this to previous models .
i sent it to him months ago and he still raves about it .
if i had to complain about anything it would be the comfort , but honestly , after wearing anything on your head for 12 to 14 hours straight , everything is uncomfortable by then .
since getting my iphone several months ago i have been through several cases .
very useful if you use your cell phone a lot .
after reading the reviews what really convinced me was the fact that you can pair this little gem to 2 different cell phones and answer either phone ( wow ) . since i have 2 phones i was convinced to try it .
i was very happy with such a simple purchase that could have turned into a nightmare .
i have used it in my car for several months without a problem .
i lost one on a plane a few weeks , so this time i ordered two .
i did n 't spend a lot of money but obviously something is wrong with them .
the battery last for a pretty long time , at least a week .
the first few days it worked ok but i noticed i had to recharge it after every couple of hours that was used .
near my desk i get three , further away and i get a slight or no effect . i love it because all i really wanted was great reception at my desk and that 's what i got .
this is the third one i have ordered .
once you find something you like stick with it .
here is my detail review first time . i hope this help to other buyers . this review is written with my iphone 3gs which is fully discharged
i received what i wanted and am pleased of the product .
i love it because it 's so convenient and can leave it in the car 100 of the time , so it 's always for sure there .
in fact i occasionally forget i 'm wearing it .
i got it not too long after i ordered it .
i plan to return these even though it 's not much money .
i still use since its all i have .
there are several spots on the commute to from work that we always have problems with dropped calls and it 's in an area where if you break down , the next person might not come along for a bit so i always worried about our safety .
my dislike is that i would had paid more to forward it back .
i 'm glad i took the time to look at many of the items offered before buying .
thought i needed it but turned out just to be i just needed a phone upgrade .
it has passed the test of time with flying colors ! highly recommended ! cfh
i have one in every car ( 3 ) i own and my truck .
the product is thick enough that with care a user may only need one during the lifetime of their telephone .
i am very disappointed because i threw away the box and now i have nothing .
i used this product for a little while .
one that i gave away lasted less than a couple hours . . .
we finally gave up just disposed of it .
if there is any dust particles got under the screen when you put it on , you will get bubbles . it does not last very long , it looks like i may have to get another one soon .
as usual read quite a few reviews .
he was very sad and i am unwilling to replace them because of the poor quality .
the cord is pretty durable , and as long as you do n 't yank it out by the cord and grab it by the connector itself , there should be no problems .
do n 't understand why the crap out so easily , but be advised that you are taking a chance .
do n 't really wear them anymore because of this .
it was less than a week later that is quit working permanently .
i have no use for this and will not spend my money to send it back .
takes about 5 minutes , and i have no experience with this kind of thing whatsoever , so if i can do it , you can do it !
i hate the fact i wasted money on this product .
i 've had mine a little over a year now and it 's the best i 've found .
idk but i would spend an extra 10 and get a better one from amazon or drop 40 and just go to the apple store and buy it from there . do not buy
grab one with confidence if you need it !
i have been through so many of these that i 'm going to have to go backed to wired and i hate that .
even if your phone is not samsung these are a necessity if you have a modern smartphone these go with any android they are short but i odered as backups case wife misplaces another ( happens often ) at that price it works .
i have had this for a few months now and no problems at all .
i do n 't know if some people giot knock offs , but mine is legit motorola .
i did n 't even know that he had it on .
have n 't had any issues with this .
i do n 't know what i was thinking .
i am very pleased with this one .
i wanted to leave it in the car , though , because i knew if i took it with me when i got out , i would never remember to put it back in the car .
highly recommended if you need a replacement
they get a bit worn after about 6 9 months , but the price is right so i ordered more than one after the first time .
i 've tried a couple other headsets and come back to these . the predecessors to the 305 's were the ht820 much larger , and i used them for 3 years before upgrading .
this device should be pull off the shelf and toss them in the trash . they need to refund customers .
we have n 't had any issues with them .
this is a truly great product , i have had several and most would hold on for a while but still were shaky , and any type of adjusting would set it free .
eventually the battery dies i 've been through a couple of these but at least they 're affordable .
i like it if i have any problems i will update you .
i could n 't be happier with how they have worked .
i wear my 925 for 8 hours a day while working .
i have another one of these that i 've had for years , and thought i had lost it .
this was a great product and i loved it !
i read a review that said this was not what i needed for my compatible iphone .
from the deal i 'm seeing on here , i wish i could have just canceled and got a new account , but thats too much effort . . . .
that was a big draw back but i do n 't fault these phones .
buying one from other place for 2 bucks again , hope that works too . . .
i know my women friends would appreciate having one of these in their bags , definitely my girlfriend who always seem to be out of battery on her iphone .
it is very bad and did n 't last a long time which shock me because of an apple product , very dissappointed ok
saved me having to buy a new phone .
i do n 't have a wire home phone and use my iphone for conferences .
i 've used this for 3 iphones .
i 've had this product for a while .
i love it and would definitely recommend .
i love that i can use this wirelessly .
and i like it a lot more .
i used it ones and lost it because its so small
i 've been using it for several months and it 's still working .
i ordered 3 of them in nov '09 , i still use two of them .
if it gets a bit dusty , you can wash it and is as good as new again .
everybody , and its not only with this model , its with other similar models too .
so it did the job but i needed a new case .
i 'm going to start looking for a better device . . .
but this does the job i wanted done , so i 'm keeping it .
i put 3 of them on our phones and we still have the originals on almost 6 months later .
take a few minutes on line and explore regarding this you will be very glad you did . i hope amazon withdraws this from their offerings , i truly do .
on my nokia e 63 past , nokia c3 01 past and not my nokia e5 . great product have being using it for more than a year ,
the case seems rather cheap but then i just mounted it and leave it alone unless i use it in my camper up north .
i highly recommend this one to anyone with an iphone 3gs .
my wife did n 't even know i was outside at the time . it stays in my ear with no problem and does n 't want to fall out . do not pass go . . . do not collect $ 200 . . . . at least till you purchase this headset .
would n 't be a bad idea to have 2 , so there 's always one around .
i could live with this if i could make a decent phone call i ca n 't believe there are so many dead areas in a place with 13 million people .
i had the voyager 510 for years until i wore it out .
i would recommend these to everyone !
i waited for this product ( gold version ) and bought it online as soon as it was available .
do n 't trust it , it failed after a week just like every other knockoff i have purchased .
looking back , this is the one that i should have bought in the first place .
i have had no problems and would absolutely recommend this product .
i used one to take a part a netbook .
i love it and better than i expect .
this product is still working a couple years later .
i have many electronic i can used this with .
just do n 't loan them out you 'll never get them back ( speaking from personal experience ! ) .
i 've used these at the gym , while hiking and driving and found them comfortable and long lasting .
if i ever need another one , this is the kind i 'll be buying in the future .
as such , i 've relegated this absurd farce to a place on a shelf until i can conveniently find a way to extract some measure of revenge on it .
i charged this battery and used it on my sell phone one time and it is very good battery , but know i am keeping it as a spare , till the other one stops working .
i have several that are in a box .
you have to call in and give them about 60 digits that the phone shows you to do almost anything .
i bought it expecting it to be much better than the one i 've had for almost two years now .
i purchased this for my mother for her 3gs and she still uses it almost two years later .
i 've had this now for about 3 4 months . .
if you 're anything like me , you use your iphone ( or some other mobile device ) all the time , and you get frustrated by the battery life .
but are people ever shocked when i just give them a cable and several months later they 're still working just fine .
i still have to try myself , but that is what i heard .
i wish i had seen the other one .
i 've had these for a while and liked them .
i wanted these for one thing . .
i get lots of good comments on it .
still , wish they would do it so that it never happened in the first place .
you do n 't need to use this with motorola phones . . .
i 'm glad to have given this as a gift .
but since it is new things are golden .
myself and others i know in different states with this same case all had the same problem .
useless for my brothers needs . overall i was not impressed .
this is a nice product , useful , and i use it almost daily without any trouble .
would recommend to anyone who does not want to pay a lot to get a lot . . .
the laser is nice and it is a good thing to have just i case you need it .
for me , i purchased 3 of these ( the maximum that is allowed in one order ) . and i am so pleased with these i hope to order more later on . you may wonder if the cable part is flimsy . . . if it is not yanked , rather pulled gently and retracted gently , it will do fine .
i travel a lot internationally and am very happy with this purchase .
i bought this battery several years ago for my razr v3 , as the battery was about shot in it , and i shoulda just saved my money .
i do n 't know what the deal is with all of the great reviews . i 've been using this in an infiniti with a galaxy s2 for the last few months , but now when i connect it , it just drains my battery .
i order ( 6 ) of them now i 'm stuck with them shame on me !
i 've upgraded my review from 3 stars to 4 stars .
i have used it a few times with no issues . i highly recommend them .
my first was a motorola , and it was almost useless .
i 'm throwing it away and looking elsewhere .
i own 2 and will buy more for my employees and family
i purchased this after my upgrade to a samsung galaxy sii .
i gave one to a friend and kept one for my self .
i spent much of that workout fiddling with them before i finally gave up .
i have had it in my truck for months and months . . .
the only bad thing is that if , like me , you wished to order at least 3 so you would n 't run out , a new shipping charge is applied every time .
if your an iphone owner or any sort of tech gadget owner this is a purchase you do n 't want to pass up making .
i change it once about every 4 6 months .
i 've had this item for 6 months but is n 't working the way i would like it .
i pray they have a good treat in store for us with this new port .
this should be high on your list .
the ones i got are good .
thankfully , it was n 't one of my important calls and just resulted in a bit of confusion between that person and me .
i am thrilled that i bought this little wonder .
so , if you do n 't mind doing this , it 's a good option .
i learn something new with it everyday .
it came from china . ( i know they 're all made there , just was n 't expecting it to come from there . )
that was a very good decision .
this was a good product when i used it .
i 'm happy . update march 23 i just received my second order and they seem to be exactly like the cords before !
i am still using it now .
my place is not extremely big and i took it only to the stairs before the connection just died completely .
do n 't even bother to think about this product .
i bought a lots of these so i wo n 't lose any calls .
i would not try a product similar to this again in the future .
okay so i changed my comment on this .
it has a lot of what i need to do basic repairs on a phone but it is bare bones .
the cord does not work for long , it already has a shortage and is not working at all not cool or a good product ! ! ! !
bought both blue and black for me and my brother right after we got home from the phone store .
this is the one to get .
very poor quality but i did n 't expect much so . . . .
i ordered one of these for my pre to try it out .
i will probably buy another for my other car .
unfortunately mine was stolen when i left it in my car .
handy to know these can be had so inexpensively , as that phone will probably end up with my teenager . . .
and i do n 't say that often
i would certainly recommend buying one .
i am not a heavy cell phone user so i like to just leave the phone in my car or gym bag and not worry about it for a couple days .
i 'm on my third z520a in the six months i 've owned it .
i gave my friend mine and had to order a replacement for myself right away .
so if you drop your expensive iphone and it lands on the top , you might have a problem .
i returned it and i am getting my refund .
i always buy the motorola h730 or h750 which are upwards of $ 60 but i always lose them .
i 'm a woman and typically carry v3 in my purse but sometimes for convenience i just want to put it in my jean pocket .
now battery will runs at last 2 to 3 weeks if i do n 't use that often ! thanks to amazon !
i bought these tool to us for repairing my nephews iphone 4 but non of them were the right size , so if you buying them for the iphone do n 't buy these
this is another product that i have been using for several months that works as expected .
i thought this purchase would come in handy , but as i upgraded my iphone it no longer fits .
after my last review the seller ( you ) called me , i got the voicemail but then i do n 't want a refund because it 's only $ 1 i do n 't have time to put the mail and stuff together .
i think this was a deal .
my battery stopped working and i called them and i sent mine back and they sent me a new one with no problems .
i 'm irritated that it did n 't last longer .
in frustration i tried buying this product which was about 5 times more expensive , and it was worth it .
i wear mine everyday and almost all day .
i have been unhappy with most of them and they end up languishing in the my electronics graveyard ( also known as a drawer in the kitchen ) . i am extremely happy with this purchase however .
it seems to happen about a minute after 1 out of 20 calls .
i will also be sending this one back . . . . .
i was given a pair of these headphones to test out , i have been using them for about 3 months now .
i ended up buying two and will probably buy a couple more because it 's nice to have one in each car too . update 8 1 12 i notice some reviews mention these come from lots of sellers .
one of the more useful purchases for me .
this is my second one of these and they 're terrific .
this is the best purchase i 've made on the internet , and i am going to buy more for my family in time for the holidays .
i bought this cell phone for my granddaughter and she just loves it .
i do n 't know why i only put my phone in my purse , not my jeans pockets but it got all blue ish now
i have not used yet but think it is going to be just what it say 's it is and will be a good product .
i bought one for work and used it for a year or more with no complaints , so i bought one for my wife and she uses it constantly and loves it .
but that only took like 2 or so weeks for me to get used to . overall this is a solid purchase .
they want me to send it in for testing instead of a new one .
i bought one , my wife liked it , so i bought a second one so we 'd each have one .
i should 've ordered at least two sets .
this one stays completely cool and i leave it plugged in all the time .
i bought this to try it out and liked it so much i bought enough for my other vehicles .
i watched a review on youtube that was so scary i returned mine .
but they do n 't last a really long time but at the price , that 's not an issue .
you can read the all the packaging and still not figure it out until you open it up , of course .
i 'd rather not have a cover on my phone , but if i must , this one does the trick .
i really wish the tip would have lasted longer , and that is why i have n 't bought another one .
would recommend this product to others .
we want to talk on them .
i plan to buy one for myself soon .
i realize it 's super cheap but it should last a month .
i read a lot of bad reviews .
yep , like this item ended up getting a second one .
these are so cheap do n 't waste your time shopping just click buy and get a spare or two .
they do n 't have a hard time when i talk on my samsung epic touch .
i will order from them again .
i would highly recommend this to anyone ! !
i was using the phone while i was charging so this to me is great !
i would n 't buy this to use with an ipad or any other tablet .
after a second purchase for my son whom does a lot of traveling
i was really satisfied with my jabra bt500 and had faith that this one would deliver as well but in the end it was just ok .
i will have to do a little more research next time i buy cases for my phone .
this thing has n 't failed me in about 40 drops .
reliable , and saved me from shelling out more money for a more expensive replacement .
my wife was impressed enough with mine that she wants one by summertime .
if you do n 't mind changing the cover ever few months , these are a good cheap option .
this one has good sound and the fit is better than the other one ( although not perfect ) . i ca n 't complain .
i really do n 't want to by the apple cord but that may be in works for me .
i have bought at least half a dozen cases for my s3 . i think i have finally found my favorite , and one that may make me stop looking for something better .
i have had my s9 for about 2 months now .
now this is n 't the case , since i got both in one .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
i would recommend it . the one problem i sometimes have , in using it with my motorola e815 , is that it will sometimes become unpaired , randomly .
i first saw these when someone in our office bought one for their personal iphone .
i 'm rarely in the car that long unless i 'm on a trip .
from your phone and transfer it to your computer .
i 'm constantly on the road , and tend to talk a lot on the phone .
would not recommend to anyone at all .
im happy with these , they are the right price , very close to the original and i have not had any problems .
i bought two just so i have a spare .
love this item , i have worn out all the ones i have purchased , and it is great .
that translate in 1 star offi will keep it .
bought it then it stopp working .
i . e . , this was a really great headset while it lasted . i may grit my teeth and just get another one of these , or i may switch to something else .
i got it yesterday and i 've been extremely happy with it .
i do n 't know why it has gotten some bad reviews on this site , on other sites it averages at least 4 stars with many , many reviews .
i would recommend this item to others ! !
thankfully i bought a new phone . do n 't waste you 're time buying a new battery , instead save up and buy a new phone !
please stop bugging me every day i will stop buying from amazonif i have to write reports to stop the flow of emaills
i questioned after reading other reviews but i ordered 2 because my new puppy just discovered this .
if you 're happy with the looks and do n 't destroy it like i did , you 'll live this one .
i checked inspected it and did not find anything wrong with it .
i read several of the reviews of this product , both five star and one star .
i 've been really aggrevated with a variety of recent phones because i could not hear or be heard clearly on them .
i must be hard on my cords because i now have 3 that are starting to break .
overall , i would spend full price for this phone any day . . . . this is the first cell phone in 7 years i have been totally pleased with and glad that i bought .
but i might have gotten some bad ones . .
i like the fact that i do n 't trip on any cords nor do i have to wade through them . update 1 . when accepting calls from the unit .
i highly reccomend one of these .
i somehow get the feeling they get a lot of calls complaining about this so they use this as a screening method .
this is the second one they sent me , both are complete trash .
i originally bought this for something important but for the life of me , i can 34 ; t remember what for .
i have n 't had any trouble with it .
the charge is as fast as i have seen and the price is cheap so i ordered a replacement .
she broke it the first week and overall it could n 't do a lot . . .
i have purchased about four of these so far .
i give then to my co workers sometimes .
i do not use it now .
this time i bought three so i could give them to my family . i was sooo pleased to see that the news ones i got were more heavy duty than the last .
i knew i was taking a risk after looking at some of the reviews , but i decided to chance it struck out .
do n 't know why anyone would buy anything else for a motorola . . .
i 've heard great things about this , so i tried it .
i certainly found that to be true .
i have had a difficult time finding a device to use with my phone .
i 've started to let my iphone go naked instead of subjecting it to this fat torture chamber .
im using it for 6 months and it is as good as new .
i would recommend this item to all .
my only compliant with the last one is that i felt that it did n 't go loud enough sometimes .
but i 'm glad my phone is working again .
i have been waiting to finish my 1 year contract to get this phone .
i boight a second one of these so i can keep one at home and one at the office .
buyers beware for a newer samsung phone . . .
i am quite pleased with my purchase .
and i intend to tell them !
i 've now boughten two of these , one for my htc evo , the other for my fiance 's driod .
i bought this for my wife and she usually complains about these type items but i waited and not one peep so far and that 's been over a month .
this is good but not what i expected .
i was surprised when i found was the original one .
i have have purchased two pairs of these headphones in the past 3 years .
i will still use the other ones .
if you 're like me and ca n 't stand a tangled cord , this thing is perfect for you .
i would highly recommend this item .
this is disappointing dropping to 1 star no star if it was possible !
i already notice its volume is a little lower than at first .
after a few hours it is hard to adjust to and i need a break and switch back to my other phones . i still love it though but think the sound could be improved .
i priced this item at diferent shops in the area and could n 't have gotten a better deal .
i would much prefer to be able to swap out the battery .
i am not going to waste any time what you see is what you get .
i keep the unit in my briefcase , so i do n 't know why it is proving as fragile as it has .
i was so glad to finally get a good battery for the phone . . . i even waited a few months before writing this review so i could be sure the batteries worked .
i had nothing but problems with it and threw it away after the first day .
i have already recommend this item to co workers .
it 'd be an understatement to say i 'm pleased .
i got mine from a b ; wireless and even though at first i had a problem with the battery they sent me a new promptly and my friend is quite happy with the new one ! my friend now has a battery that will last him several days .
this does n 't happen very often so it really is n 't that big of a deal .
i 'm not sure what the problem was faulty wiring , bad design , i guess i 'll never know .
i need to totally stop what i 'm doing , and fit this thing with two hands .
short version we tried to use this , we really did .
my standards are pretty low so i 'll give it four stars .
i love these , i have purchased and worn out 3 previously , as i use it a lot .
i highly recommend this product , and in fact ordered a second .
i keep a few on hand since the price is so good .
i just hope it will stay that way .
i honestly consider this a must have for anyone with an iphone .
that being the case one will last me between 3 18 months then the wire will develop a break ( normal ) but at these prices i can toss the bad and replace on the cheap .
ive had it for at least a year .
i have used it several times .
i am going to try and deal with the fit because i like the bluetooth , but before my return date expires if i can not deal with the fit i will have to return it , which i would hate to .
i recommend everyone having a set .
wasted my money on a couple other brands before picking this one .
iphones are expensive enough as it is and i did n 't want to spend big bucks on a case .
i lose calls in transit and while sitting still .
i experienced a similar problem with another motorola model , but that problem took over a year to manifest .
i do n 't think it will hold up for the long haul , so if you looking for something temporary . . . then go for it .
i had a samsung x427 before this and it was awful .
if you know better than this product stick with it because my 3 star rating is for the 4 years i had the previous version not this new , redesigned , $ 126 version .
i 've had mine for two years now and its still working and it looks pretty good .
i have had the phone for two weeks now and i have been very pleased .
i 've had mine in my car for months and it hasnt budged .
i had a few others but this one does it all thank you .
i have n 't tried . update yep you can just pull it off , wash it , dry it properly ( overnight ) and put it back where it was . i bought a 2nd one so that i can put stuff on the dashboard now .
i was so happy with the first set i ordered from amazon that i ordered the second set .
i bought 4 and gave them away as gifts ! ! !
i would definitely buy this product again !
this is a pretty good indication that the case is n 't stretching and that it stays in place .
had a motorola and did n 't care much for it .
i kinda wished it was a smart phone but it was okay .
i never had to pay for electricity so i did n 't know how much i would be spending , but i knew that i did n 't want to pay a lot .
. . . it is a fraction of a fraction of what you would pay at best buy or a phone store ! ! you can buy 100 of these , and half of them not work , and you are still ahead of buying one at best buy ! !
i purchased this for my kid and he is very happy .
i looked into fixing them , but seemed easier to just replace them .
i sure expected better from the previous reviews .
they did n 't wear out , i accidently left them in cars that got traded in .
i keep these in my car .
not a big deal , but thought i would share . for the price i would recommend buying a few units and swapping out every 4 6 months )
i can wear it for hours .
i needed this device for my iphone .
let my girlfriend ( at that time ) borrowed it , and that was the last time i saw it . (
i received this product in a very timely manner which was delightful , however , i gave it as a gift and was embarrassed to find out it was a defective item .
well , it was for her until i fell in love with it .
i just got it in like five minutes ago .
i have friends that owned this model in the past and it always worked perfectly .
i toss it in my gym bag and never have to worry about it .
i would stay away from this as you really want to protect this expensive phone .
i had at least 4 sets of these .
i do recommend it for all .
one lasted a year , the other i still have .
tried the other one too and same thing .
this external will enable me to answer all calls and not worrying about missing a business opportunity and still being able to receive the important call ! ! ! this is a great product ! ! !
some folks like it but my eyes are sensitive to light at night but i still use it
i 've been using the phone for over two months .
i am so happy that i did .
i just got mine after reading several reviews on this model .
i am very happy with my purchase .
i have had no problems with them and the price was great .
i know it lists it in the manual but people tend to throw those away and it would be nice so as you would not forget .
use it daily and have not had any issues with it .
i stopped using these after couple times .
i would come off better purchasing one at the store .
so , now i 'm in the hole after an expensive purchase let me down .
i 've had it a couple of months now and use it all the time .
would recommend this product to everyone .
i highly recommend this appliance to all and rate it very highly .
i have tried on 2 phones and the results have been inconclusive .
i was hesitant to invest yet another . . . bucks on my iphone , but the thought of scratching it all up was simply a non starter , so i took a gamble .
but i personally have n 't run into any vehicles where it was a problem . definitely recommended .
on this phone that make it just what i was looking for and then some .
you ca n 't say that about motorola , there phones were starting to slip . this one is a keeper , my only worry is how are they going to make the next one better ?
its much more bearable but you should n 't have to alter a product out of the box .
i dislike that they were no help in getting me this product .
i had mine over the time limit to return them to amazon and only had them for a couple months and i do run alot .
i am fond of red , my phone is black , problem solved ( i thought ) . i was happy to find this product .
my friend had purchased one for me over 2 month ago .
i have had it for about a month now , and it is still working for me so that is a plus !
i had to go with 5 stars because you ca n 't beat the price for something that works this well . * * update * * it has been about a couple of months so i thought i should add that this unit has worked out great so far .
it is very durable and i would purchase another if i needed to .
this was within a couple weeks of getting it .
the cable is a little short but work for me as now i carry it around with me instead the long one .
with my phone in this case i never worry about anything happening to it .
i have had them now for about 6 months .
she took mine so i replaced it .
i do n 't know if it 's interference from others around me or what but headphones are pretty much useless to me if i ca n 't use them in anything other than the library or a tomb .
everything was done in about 30mins , for a beginner like me .
as soon as i plugged an item in . . . nothing happened .
this is a fix it for sure .
you would be better off if you spent a little more money and purchased a more expensive cable it would be worth your time and money to do so .
i 've been using this device for about 6 months and i absolutely love it .
i have blown through many batteries this week that died before fully charging me but the only one that kept me charged and ready throughout the week was the itorch .
if i need more , this is what i will buy .
i do n 't write too many reviews but felt compelled to write this one because this case is so good .
as other have stated the battery does n 't appear to be brand new , since it comes in a little plastic bag . that 's the main reason i waited a couple of months to post a review .
i used it for about a total of one to two hours a day on my commute . there was just one drawback , and it was a deal breaker for me .
i have had the itorch for almost two weeks now and have used it quite a bit .
i 'd happily pay more if there were an alternative .
i 'm sure they will come in handy .
and then you 're stuck with it .
i can not say where i purchased them .
if you use this in everyday life i . e .
i vowed , never again ! that 's what brought me here to this product .
i always say if you have to worry about the price do n 't buy it .
i ordered a new one because my new puppy loved it too way too much .
i do n 't care about it otherwise .
it is okay and is fine if that is what you are looking for .
everytime you exchange something , you run into a new problem .
i liked them while they worked .
now about those darn co works that do n 't pay attention to it , i do n 't know how to fix that !
i 've almost lost count as to how many of these i 've purchased already i normally keep two in each car to not only charge , my htc sensation , but my work blackberry as well .
a definite buy and and a must have for anyone using their phone , etc in the car . .
however , the most recent one , i 've had for months and it 's still going strong .
i have had the cord for a couple of years now and still in good condition .
several people commented about using it for camping trips to keep their devices going .
i ended up returning the original because i wanted what i paid for . . . i returned it through ups and did n 't get a word from them after a few days .
some one always seem to need one .
i usually keep my iphone in my pocket or on the counter or desk where i am working so it is n 't much of a problem for me .
i only have a few complaints .
this product did n 't go to the right address , so you neeed to make sure you double check that before ordering .
these were inexpensive so i can forgive that they have flaws but still you have to find the right spot to get them to work sometimes so if you were planning on using these while doing some kind of physical activity i would not recommend them instead these are best for connecting something and simply leaving it be .
the grips work well and i have only had it fall off once , but then i licked it and put it back on and have n 't had any problems sense .
i think you 'll be frustrated and disappointed in the end .
definitely recommend this product to everyone .
i would n 't trade it for anything .
i am thinking of buying one for my husband also .
would buy again and will use this until it falls apart .
i stand by my original 4 stars .
maybe i should file an rma and then wait a month and a half to ship it back to them .
yea sucks i had to say something bad about this phone i did everything with it .
they do n 't lose a beat . . . . . . unless . . . . . you leave them in your gym bag in cold weather .
i really liked them and was sad when they stopped working .
gone thru 3 so far and ordered this new one to see how it would be .
i purchased this item a while back , but i remember that it was great item .
i do n 't think this is a new battery but it did its job in helping me get my contacts out of an old phone came with someone of a charge i was also able to get all my pictures so for the price and quality it did its job
the laser is easy since it is just click once , i have turned it on a couple of times by accident and then almost shined it in my eye .
i want another . only flaw is that it is a little crooked .
i just do not know how long it will last .
i received this about a week ago .
this is the only one that lasted more than 3 months .
i stopped using it after a few weeks .
i 've been having it for weeks .
you can feel comfortable purchasing this .
i do like this very much .
but for me that is worth it .
so do have some replacements on hand .
they still worked with my iphone another 2 so i think that 's pretty good .
how i got along without it all this time i have no idea .
perhaps they may last through one more repair .
do not remember , probably changed phones and may find it in a draw one day .
i would n 't recommend this to anyone . . . do n 't waste your money .
i ordered a cell phone from amazon , the motorola v3 . when i checked my account the next day , a weird message told me that i was not approved , and instructed me to cancel my order .
the only issue i have is that after about a year they started to yellow .
i highly recommend this to anyone !
bacause right now your at the bottom .
pending on what you 're doing cut i 'd be cleanin sweating it would n 't hold firm .
i 'll need another though , probably will do a better job about checking into the charging port next time though .
i spent a good amount of time trying to work them out but still some remain .
i got a new one replaced by them but that had the same issue .
my dad is one of those people who still have the razor cell phone .
i do n 't have any problem with it .
nice to have a spare set , just in case , and you know they are compatible because they are provided by the original manufacturer .
this is case my 3 test in a couple of months .
first of all i was n 't expecting it until between 12 12 and 12 17 , but it arrived on 12 11 , so that was a plus for me !
i had to return this phone after 2 days , it would reboot itself and or just lockup .
i ordered two of these for gifts ; one for my son .
i purchased two of these and totally love it .
would buy again if i had to .
always had to force iphone and ends up giving this up due to this problem .
i plan to buy another one .
ca n 't give them 5 stars because of the little issues .
i am sure it came and everything was o . k .
i could n 't be happier with the result .
i use this product at my job and i have not yet been diappointed from it .
i also make calls sometimes but i ca n 't really trust this device for important calls so i would not recommend this device overall .
i 'm not sure what people are complaining about .
this took me about a week to get used to .
there are a few spots around town where my calls get dropped when i use my cellular phone while driving in the car .
used it for a year with my kinder class .
i am very satisfied with my purchase .
i would order this product again .
i bought this product few weeks back .
do n 't be fooled into thinking that these are identical .
i am very happy with this product .
i have had two other units replaced in the past ( unrelated models ) . they had been damaged upon receipt from the retailer .
i am so surprised the device has not broken at this point .
for the price i did n 't even bother returning them .
i would not buy it again but then i am very hard to please .
other wise just keep your cash and plug it in when you get home .
you 'll have to get used to the difference .
i 'm pretty certain you wo n 't be disappointed .
this replaced my old battery from my env2 it worked for a year with a good charge then evenually died .
i 've had these for a few months .
i would not recommend at all .
i liked it so well i decided to get another one as close to like it as possible so i got the ct14 a few weeks ago .
i highly recommend this item without hesitation .
i have had several different cases that all fell apart in different ways , but this one is still going strong .
just an fyi for future purchasers of older model phones .
i 'll probably switch to something that goes around my head sometime in the future .
this product did n 't even last me 2 weeks .
this is the one that i like the best .
if the previous one worked for over 2 years and only stopped working because it got stepped on , then this is the one i 'm sticking with for as long as they make them .
i really wish they had n 't changed it so many times .
try and get this in a local retail shop it would probably cost your 5 to 9 dollars , if you can even find them .
it saved me from buying a new phone !
i have an older 3gs which i love .
i bought this for my iphone 4s and im pretty pleased with it .
i have placed in each of my cars .
you can plug it in and put it in your pocket .
and i 've used several different ones over time in the testing process , and this is easily the best i 've used .
this thing will let you last one full day ( my 1 full day is about 20 hours of continuous non stop heavy usage not the lame ass 8 hours some blogs refer to ) highly recommended for heavy smartphone users .
the others were ok when i first got them but now one is totally worn out .
i can already see the thin scratches from daily wear and can imagine what that would look like if i did n 't have the case on . overall i 'm happy with this purchase .
we got this free with the purchase of our new trent icarrier .
if you own an lg touch you should have this cover i 'm going to but one for my wife and one for my daughter .
hopefully those two suggestions will help you find your answer .
we have the blue iphone 5c and got this to match it .
thanks for nothing and i hope it helps some of you save your money .
i purchase this for a backup at work .
awesome awesome ! my g1 is brand new again and so much better than before ! ! !
my phone was so old , it did not have bluetooth technology and i went out to get a new phone just so i could use it .
it does the job , there is not much to talk about this , you can buy it with confidence , will buy again .
i feel like eventually it will give out but i have 4 as back ups !
it happened while i was listening to a recorded book from my ipad .
i admit that i do n 't have many of these .
we have had the same carrier for nearly 10 years and despite all the different phones we have had over the years , we have always had very poor or no reception at all downstairs .
if you have the thing in your sleeping area and are light sensitive , you 'd have to unplug it .
too bad that i 've actually moved on to bigger and better territory now samsung galaxy siii !
if you need one that you will use a lot , you may want to buy something more advanced , but this is a good backup and was very inexpensive .
they have saved me more than once .
she always wants the same electronics i buy .
i was n 't expecting much , to be honest .
that saved me even more money .
i 'd rather spend the money up front and get the real deal than throw away money on cheap imitations . enjoy !
you can read my review of the s10 , link below , for an explanation of why i think they are a little fragile . overall , i would highly recommend this product . 5 stars . . . .
have gone through a couple ; they are thin and tough .
was a gift for my mom . . she seems to like using it for her ipad .
my niece has texted so much , that she used up all of teh minutes in her family plan .
it does its job , i 've had no issues , i ca n 't complain .
i actually bought 2 of these so i could leave one in my car and one at work .
i ended up peeling it off because it was really bothering me .
it took a week for me to receive this and i live in the same city as them .
next i 'll look for better one .
i have no complaints it is exactly what i was looking for .
i am pleased with my purchase .
i 've been using this phone for a few months now and have had a chance to use most of the features .
i have since upgraded , but it served its purpose at the time .
i travel for business quite a bit and conduct much of my work on my cell phone .
that would be a terrible mistake .
i bought this as a replacement for a motorola 850 . . . . it 's an improvement , but still does n 't meet my expectations .
but not bad though . hard to go wrong with this choice .
all that worked pretty good but one using it to acutally make a call it wasnt so hot for the person i was talking to .
it is a little thicker than my iphone and little shorter than it as well .
i 'll make this short and sweet . . .
if installed correctly this works if you have at least one bar , gives you one or two bars more .
this will definitely keep me connected .
it was easy to get my phone into it and i liked that it also included a screen protector . i 've had it on my phone for a while now and i have n 't had any issues .
then a couple of days ago , i found this device on sale on daily deal on amazon so i decided to try .
buy at your own risk your product will not be protected !
i have finally found the right device . i did try all the others at least it felt like i did .
other reviewers may be reviewing this item purchased from different sellers . when sellers set up their item , they can choose among the current listings and just indicate that they are selling that thing .
its construction is somewhat light but for the price , you can buy a few as spares .
we gave our old iphone 3g to our preschool aged son , to use as an ipod touch , when we upgraded to the iphone 4 last year .
i spotted one in a local store for $ 20 but decided to check amazon first , and i am glad i did .
these have been rly good they r bein used for 2 phones they havent had to change them yet they last a good time good price came when it said it would
i just do n 't think the design is the best , in my opinion .
i highly recommend one of these for anybody that wants to listen to music on their cell phone but does n 't want to pay a bunch to do so .
i got this about a day after i ordered it , loved the fast service .
had this product for a long time .
this has saved me enormous amount of time . for the rest of my life , no matter what phone i shall use , i will always have an extra battery charger and no i 'm never getting the iphone so no worries for me .
since then i have n 't had a problem .
i got this phone for my little sister . . . .
i would definitely recommend this product .
then the buttons stopped working consistently , and finally stopped working all together .
i would buy item again if needed ,
and once you start using this , you 'll soon wonder how you ever lived without it .
i 'd plug this in to the phone and it would help me to hold a charge for hours .
i have had this cord for what will be 2 years this coming may !
if you own a blackberry 9000 bold phone you need to get one of these .
i decided to just order one for him .
i bought these for our blackberry 8900 users that travel and thus need a spare battery in their bag .
in fact , buy five or six of them and stash them everywhere .
buy these on a few month basis .
if you do n 't have it plugged in all the way and keep it still , you 'll loose the connection .
i use it a couple of time till it broke .
other people might not have as smooth of an experience .
this was the second time since , may 2008 , that i had to replace it .
it 'll take some time before i know all of them , but the basic ones are very easy to learn .
i bought my mom one as well and she loves it .
several bought at tmobile and they do n 't last very long . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
i would n 't say not to buy it but a gadget person as myself i prefer the lg so i returned the motorola and ordered a newer lg model . .
as long as it does n 't melt we 'll be happy .
i had it over 3 years and it was working great .
used it on my way home , ill update this in about a week to see if its upholding !
my phone has a tendency to get a low battery so this is extra protection when i am not at home .
i 'm returning this and ordering a different type .
tried in the 3 cars of my house just in case .
i 've never had any of the issues described here .
i have owned all the various iphones and battery life is always a problem .
i have been using it for about 8 months with no problems .
i have recommended this one to others in my family .
would not recommend for people who have trouble with grip .
the service is great too , can have a try .
my ipad is as good as new .
i conduct 90 of my business through this model headset i 've owned parrot and motorolas but this one is by far the best .
i am glad that i did n 't spend a lot .
i have not been using them much .
i 'm tired of waisting my money on these !
it was for my baby girl she like it so she happy with it
i really do not care much about this , but if someone does , be aware .
do n 't believe on the bad reviews .
this is a very good purchase and its worth every penny and it is as described and you should buy it .
this does not even get used anymore since i upgraded to the galaxy s2 .
i 've had it for 2 months now and am very satisfied .
i read some of the minor complaints about this product in the other reviews and utterly ridiculous .
i use this with my iphone and it accepts my incoming calls .
i purchased this to use with my ipad when traveling .
ok so now i have to write a long review what for ?
i purchased a couple of these to have extras for travel , etc .
see several reviews that mention that it interfers with a screen protector but based on my expeereince , i do n 't see how it could .
but i still end up using it almost all the time . note the price was lower when i bought mine .
i 've had it now for about a month and no problems .
therefore i do n 't drop my phone .
hi this product is kinda the same when it comes to the looks of it but i get error message whie using it with my iphone sometimes . i wish that was not the case because the price and the shipping was great .
if i do lose one , i have plenty to spare .
that way you are prepared no matter where you go .
great price , works fine and is really handy to have . i may get another one to put in the car just to have available .
this is one of my favorite units though .
after deciding to part with my beloved blackberry for an iphone , i gave my old phone to a friend .
i would now rate the pod five stars .
i let my teenage daughter have this one and i am looking for a better one .
but i keep it in my bag and deal .
i do n 't think you could ask for something thinner and still have the protection that this has .
they last for several months , but i always have a replacement available .
i tried a lot of cases before getting to this one .
and i have used about 100 . .
i have used it for blackberrys , droid x and have purchased multiple ones for each car that we have .
i learned my lesson and installed the second one pretty easily .
it was cheaper so i gor a couple .
i switched to this one from a motorola which just hanged off my ear .
unfortunately , we were n 't one of those couples that had great success with these .
i made some new friends when i hear someone say there apple cable just died and what it 'll cost to get another one .
i ran across these on amazon , and decided to give them a whirl , even though they seemed too cheap ( as in inexpensive , not poor quality ) to be any good . i 'm extremely glad i took the chance !
i picked this up to use with my galaxy note 3 and simply have not been that pleased with it .
i 've read a number of reviews on the mpt4 and was a bit skeptical .
also , sometimes , it is so comfortable , that i do n 't even notice it and other times it feels funny and a little annoying .
i have accidentally called and hung up on so many people that it 's ridiculous .
i do n 't think these guys know what they are doing . i need to find a better product .
i was better off buying the true product from the apple store in stead . . .
i spent a few days researching the various headsets out there , and soon discovered that only a handful appeared to be worth buying and all were between $ 100 and $ 150 , which i did not want to spend .
i like how it keeps your phone safe in it i 've dropped it several times and it still did n 't break
i also love that i can bring it into the house and answer or place a phone call from it without having my cell phone next to me .
i do n 't like to depend on cell phones when i 34 ; m at home as my reception there is not that good .
i 've purchased many extras to install on my family 's phones and everyone has been happy them .
the cord is strong and thick and will not fall apart like those you might buy on ebay for a couple of bucks less .
i purchased these units often because i am so hard on them but they protect so well that i always want one on hand .
every iphone connector seems to break or the wires will comeout within a month or two and i 'll have to buy another one for like $ 5 or less , they all suck .
i 'm fully satisfied with that purchase !
i now have the samsung wep and after a few weeks , no problems as of yet .
i was very happy with my hs820 for the first 3 weeks .
i have gone through a few cell phones since and each and every cell phone that i paired with this device worked great .
after having it for a year , i have had to do this about every month or so .
the product is good quality and of course it helps if you have installed them before .
this way i and the caller can compare the sound quality at almost the exact same time .
but once done i am happy with it .
if you want to keep your phone in pristine beautiful condition , do n 't waste your time with this cheap product .
i even bought two more as a gift for my daughter and husband .
get this if you 're looking for a deal .
if you always want to make sure that you will never be without a charged phone than this is a great item to buy
i waited for a year to write a review because my last one quit working after 3 months due to poor design .
if i hold one up to the stock cable i received with my ipod it is hard to tell the difference between to the two .
i do n 't see what others have liked about this .
it 's been in my wife 's car for over a year , and it is still working , and has even managed not to be covered by the every expending piles of trash on her floor . . . . . . impressive fo sho !
i bought them cause they were cheap and i got what i paid for !
so it was probably just my phone with the problem .
in fact , i can honestly say i actually forget that i am wearing it , something i cannot say about my previous device .
i would order again from these people .
after wearing them for a while they do cause a little discomfort , but i 'm sure anything you have over your head in time is going to get a little uncomfortable .
i 'll edit this review in the future if when another case supplants it !
this ca n 't be used outside if there 's wind or even a light breeze because the other party wo n 't be able to understand much of what is said .
so far they are still going strong after almost 2 years .
this set is so comfortable that i usually prefer to wear this instead of use my phone to talk , even for a short time .
i 'm finding this to be true .
been using it for a while now and is not worn out .
after my contract ended , i kept using it , for 2 reasons .
if you can use it ( or the similar hs850 ) with some assurance that it will not be crushed , it is a good choice .
i was terrified of being stranded at night in this neighborhood .
i was a little less than impressed with this item simply because the next day i saw a similar item for sell at walmart .
i have had this phone for almost a year now .
being a motorola i thought this would be really good , but it did n 't last but about two weeks before the connection started going bad .
great price , and i might buy another !
i purchased this item to use while on travel to israel for two primary reasons .
ordered my case 9 days ago . . it should have arrived yesterday .
this is a good buy if it is what you are wanting .
they give customers this link for $ 20 off when you join . . . .
i purchased this as a gift for someone .
i continue to purchase them because the item is exactly what i need .
the price was so cheap that i went ahead and ordered two more .
which others ca n 't seem to do .
i am very pleased with it .
it does not fit me , and therefore it is unusable . so , my recommendation is that you try before you buy .
i assumed it was not due to the price and i was correct .
it would freeze constantly during the past 2 months forcing me to remove the battery for a restart .
i 'd definitely buy this item again .
one was too small , one was too big , and the one that i thought was just right hurts like heck after an hour or so . in all though , i am glad i have it , and it 's perfect if you are in a crowded place and need to hear clearly .
the batteries last two to three years so it pays to do it yourself .
hey , i have this product and i definitly think its tops , as do many of the other people here .
the plug had issues 5 weeks after i got it , so now i 'm looking for another one ( but obviously , not a motorola ) . i 'm disappointed , i thought a motorola product would last longer .
the only thing i would note is if you need these fast you will want to pay for the shipping .
this one is the lightest , and worked well for about a year .
i would recommend this device for others !
but if i 'm in a noisy place and want to be heard , forgettaboutit . and another thing .
i will buy another pack once mine runs out again .
im sure sprint took over which i had so many problems with them i couldnt stand them .
i have bought a few of these in the past .
recommend for anyone who has the lg 840g phone .
a millimeter this way or that means the difference beween mere discomfort and outright pain .
i purchased these with minimal expectations and am quite impressed .
i will buy from you guys again .
i 'll be sending it flat rate back .
they came on time and they come in handy .
i 've had mine for about a week .
wish i could give it a 4 . 5 but i ca n 't .
these headphones were a great find and i think they are perhaps the best purchase i 've made in the last several years seriously .
it 's an easy fix , but caused a major issues for a while until i figured that out .
i no longer have my blackberry .
i am very pleased with this .
i bought this at least 6 years ago despite all of my abuse it still works flawlessly .
my ipad is old and the battery i think is wearing out .
i 'm a huge cell phone fan and i tend to try out the latest and greatest .
te same holds true for my purchase of this unit too .
i just got this a few days ago and so far no complaints .
but you 'll be forking out another $ 10 bucks to replace it in 2 3 months .
i could n 't be happier with this purchase .
when this one goes bad ( it is a battery after all ) i 'll get another right here .
price tag is cheap so that is a plus ! ! . . . . butttt . . . . . it took a good minute to get to me i would say the actual delivery took about 13 days but after i received it i was very pleased so i would recommend if you are looking for a cheap good quality headset this is the move especially if you are willing to wait then i would say buy asap ! ! ) enjoy ! !
so it depends on what 's important to you i guess .
or , just pick up a few since they are so cheap !
i 'm glad i bought this , as i could keep my ipod plugged in and leave it in my compartment in my car without having a cord sticking out everywhere , but the connection was shot after a few months ( of daily use ) . worth the money , 3 stars .
we 've been using it for 8 months , and we are satisfied with it .
i purchased this phone a few months ago and can truly say it is one of the best investments i have ever made !
i guess it works how its suppose too , for what you 're spending you can get better spending a couple of more $
as usual all cords only last so long then its time to buy a new one .
i use this product on a daily basis , but do n 't expect to be blown away by its functionality .
i 've had it now for 3 days and it is great .
the only way to know if it will fit is to try it .
i will use it until it does n 't charge anymore .
if you have any kind of noisy environment i would recommend this without any doubt .
i e mailed them again and it seems as if they completely forgot about my situation . . . so when they got the e mail , they responded that they have sent it out to me .
i had to return this item because i received too many complaints from people on the other end of the line .
everyone i know who has this phone simply loves it . . . .
i bought is for my devices while i 'm driving .
i 've had them months now and they are tough , slim , and nice .
so i would recommend this phone to anyone thinking of picking this up .
the buttons do work though and i 'm not going to judge them on what i think will happen .
i am impressed with this buy .
what i was n 't told is that they are n 't necessary for the phone
i was very pleased with this item when i got it back so quickly because it was a gift .
a buddy of mine bought two of these for him and his wife , they enjoy them as well .
well done guys . update i loved this product so much that i just bought another one .
just something you probably would n 't think of checking for in the store !
so i bought my 3rd one , which is this one .
we have one in each car and an extra just in case .
i got a new one , same problem .
i have yet to wear out the first two .
i bought this unit 4 5 years ago and it is still working fine .
these days you can not getnew flip phone models , so this is one of the best left before the dissapear for good .
ca n 't go wrong with tossing this is your bag before a trip or a conference where you need juice !
this is a great solution and i love it .
do not buy if you want the original one by apple .
buy from them again , and will use more of these as the need arises . also , it 's been quite some time now since the purchase ( over a year ) and it works perfectly like the day i got it .
i thought it was really cool at first but after trying to get it to work at the gym for three days running it goes back .
happy that i found it , but i all but gave up on it to work again .
no problem , no hassle , as it should be , at your convenience .
i must have read more than 30 of the reviews on amazon about the product .
i have no idea how a product could break like this .
if you need a rugged blackberry this is probably the best way to go about getting one . thank you for reading my review .
i bought my first set just about a year ago and they crapped out after about 6 months of use .
just got it today but none of the issues other reviewers noted .
it would probably work fine for someone who was more sedentary . . . but i 'm very active and put a lot of stress on stuff .
thankfully , you really only need to deal with it two times each day .
now i tell them they have to share the extra one and mine stays plugged in all the time .
i do n 't even know why i wasted my time , was n 't even that long of a cord . . .
i was happy about it too .
do n 't waste your month on this .
the small size might be easy to lose for some , but i 'm aware of that possibility and exercise caution when i put it in my bag or pocket .
one week later a new phone showed up at my door .
i use my phone as my watch .
so i got online at . . . and found this charging pod . . . .
not bad if you want to keep them in a couple different places like your car , office etc .
i did n 't like it being rough on my phone so i went and bought a better cable , and threw this one away .
i 've had my iphone 3gs for about a year only wish i found this case sooner .
i 'm going right now on my 2nd week without a charge using it daily .
i bought 3 of these for all the new phones in the family upgrade .
otherwise i 've been very please with this product .
alot , something that works for a year or more and it seems so did 900 other buyers .
so , is it worth $ 3 ? only if you plan on using it for 2 months .
have had three 510 over the past three years with my family and just bought the voyager pro .
the calls are clear and i recommend it to anyone that is skittish or on the fence about getting one .
like ill have it on my tablet and will be drawing ( thats what i do in studyhall lol ) and itd stop registering randomly on not only my tablet but phone as well .
my suggestion is to check and verify by contacting the merchant prior to purchasing the item .
and , it is so small and light , you may not even realize that it has fallen out .
i ca n 't say enough nice things about this device .
the only complaint that i may have is that it takes too long to charge .
this product is worth the money as long as you remember to also purchase the directional antenna if you are in a far fringe area .
i am now ordering a second one .
i noticed a few reviews stating the sound was good but it 's quite the opposite .
i noticed it starting to come apart a few days ago and decided to order this one .
i ordered the phone few days ago and it arrived today .
great product and it came very quickly much quicker then i expected and that makes it awesome ! ! ! ! ! and i would give it a 10 star if possible
i 'm glad i got it to work though .
i 'll give it a 3 star rating it 's ok
if you look at all the positive reviews for this case , you will see that none of them are verified purchases and yet every negative review , other than this one of course , is a verified purchase .
bought this product almost 2 years ago and it has been working great .
i go through a lot of head sets and i am going through this one is going to be no different as in i am going to send it back !
that certainly is n 't the product 's fault but when i went to order a new one i went with the z9i instead .
took pictures , emailed them , and a couple weeks later , boom , free replacement .
this is still working several months after i bought it .
perfect for the person who drops their iphone every so often .
i have my doubts when i received this headset , having gone through many and was never happy with any of them .
i have used htc smartphone , nokia n80 , and iphone .
must be a very shoddy product if it ca n 't even work for a full day i returned them .
mine last for over a year and held up to everything !
will definitely be my travel option ! 5 starts because there were no disappointments .
it has been over 3 weeks since i mailed it in and i have yet to hear anything .
this battery is for my super old moto v3 phone that i am using as secondary phone .
i 'm very disappointed with this model and will be returning it .
my only issue is that it is shorter than i expected for some reason .
but seriously , anyone with an iphone ( which i love ) , knows the batteries are n 't great ( especially if your phone has a little age on it ) , so this is something you probably need .
i ordered this product for a friend .
i have the older s9 's and have had them for many years .
i bought this item for my wife , and worked perfectly , no doubt , i will buy from this seller again , if interested , go ahead and buy , is very good , and fits great
its cheap enought that if it breaks or i lose it i wo n 't be out lots of dough .
texts , and even weather emergencies can wait ten or fifteen minutes for me to check my phone again .
i have gone through 2 of these in probably 5 or 6 years , they last a long time .
i replaced this after 2 months with the samsung wep and have had no problems .
i bought this when i switched from at t to t mobile .
i was very pleased with this product .
purchased the phone a few weeks ago for my son .
nobody will be using this device in 10 years hopefully .
i had a different cover at first that i had to remove for pictures .
i previously used both the motorola hs850 and the hs820 and had the same two problems with each .
once i did , i had to re evaluate my thinking when it comes to impulse items .
i usually leave my house around 7am and return at 10pm .
i 'm grateful to have found it for such a cheap price ! update a few weeks later i 'm still using this charger a lot and it 's going on strong .
it has become my preferred phone .
so i 've purchased a red one for her . . . . she 'll get it for christmas .
i had n 't tried the p790 yet when hurricane irene decided to pay a visit .
so i wo n 't always put it in my ear , only when there is a call .
the only thing i did not really like is that it is rather bulky .
i finally decided to spend a bit more hoping it would equate to more quality .
i 'll look for another one when i upgrade my phone to a 5 .
i bought this when i got a coupon code in the mail and thought i would upgrade .
i was definitely sweating , but come on they do n 't even last 30 minutes ? ? ? sent them back to amazon this morning .
i 'm still waiting for them to come after me and request their old phone back .
i got this as a christmas present for my brother and he absoultely loves it .
some quit the first time i tried using them .
honestly i have always loved this specific model , since you can just take it with you on the road not worrying if you end up losing it or leaving it where ever you go .
the first one i got broke .
will try to send back , and now for a few more words . . .
i then used them to connect my galaxy s4 to my computer .
if i even picked it up the cover would just slide right off . ( at least it was super cheap though so i did n 't waste a lot of money on it .
the other 2 probably are n 't getting used , as my wife does n 't use her phone a lot and my mom probably let the battery die .
got two stars because at first worked great , just buyer beware .
this one died in 3 weeks using it with my new samsung nexus ! ! ! wow , expected it to last longer . . .
i 'm very content with this product .
the price was right and i have been using it for about a month w o problems . . .
i will endeavor to find one .
i recommend it to people who forget to charge their phones , and also who just are satisfied with what is on their phone at the time being ( no syncing daily ) .
i just bought three more ( they 're under a dollar , why not stock up ? ) and that was about a month ago all three came in a timely fashion , well packaged , and seem to work great .
it works well with no problems and i will definitely order again if i need to .
when i went to use this the fist time , it was dead .
well i read the ad and i watched the video it all made sense so i bought the product .
so why should you pay top dollar when you know you 'll only get enough use out of it until your next upgrade , generally two years at the most ?
the highest price ( but eligible for free shipping so it makes up for it ) is from amazon so if you 're looking to receive the exact thing you see pictured here , i 'd recommend going for the amazon one .
each of which has lasted only a short while .
lasts me at least 3 4 days of of lately .
have n 't had no problem with the product .
the only thing holding me back from a 5 star review is the design .
i tested it once i got to a quieter place and i could understand what they were saying but i do n 't think this would work while on a treadmill .
however it would have been nice if it had lasted longer than a few months .
it absolutely works and my only regret is that i did n 't pick one up sooner .
i have used it probably 20 times .
as a result i called a particular person a few times and they could n 't hear me .
i was not impressed , but since it 's one of the only cases on the market for the purpose without running a cord to a charger hidden in her purse , i 'll most likely buy again take my chances .
i say this because there are more things you can do with this phone than you can imagine .
i would ( and have ) bought it again .
i have n 't had any problems with this unit .
needless to say , i was beside myself for the 3 days it took to get another one in my possession .
i want to detach and go not spend 3 minutes sweating the removal . headset might be good , but i 'll not be recommending these and i 'll not be inclined to buy another aliph product again .
i tried two of them to be sure .
there is no doubt that in at least some scenarios like these , the device will improve the signal to the point where you may be able to make and keep a call . this device is not a silver bullet , but it can help in certain scenarios .
i use this now to monitor any single device on demand when i need to .
i knew amazon would have it for cheaper and was i ever right .
it 's on its 2nd owner now , who has used it for 6 months problem free .
they do n 't last very long sometimes , but again , for the price , i do n 't mind ordering another set .
but overall a great product that i enjoyed very much .
i had only one experience with a less than perfect call and was a bit disturbed until i realized the static was generated from the other end of the call .
i do n 't recommend going to a conference without it !
used it for 6 weeks away from home , no problems at all .
i consider this to be quite a bargain .
when i ca n 't reach people because their smartphones are dead , i will recommend this product .
therefore you have to turn it off every time you get out of the car , or else you wo n 't be able to hear calls you receive on your phone .
i found these at a great price and hoped for the best .
i do n 't use the vent holder but it looks like it might work if i played with it for a while .
good quality , easy to install but keep a couple o bubbles near the buttons , have tried en 2 differnts cellphones ans the same issue .
i would buy again . ( i updated this post after about a month of use )
i have not purchased this product yet .
i recommend u to buy this .
i used this mifi for more than 2 years .
i do drop calls less often so that 's good enough to keep it .
on a device your likely to get rid of or hand down to someone else in a couple years ?
this product has done alot for me .
was a little warm when it was done but it was ok .
the model i bought is no longer sold and they have a new one out now .
i was only getting three days out of my blackberry and i thought that was excellent )
so i have to take care not to touch the phone at all while data is being transfered . overall this is a solid choice that i definately recommend for your nokia phone .
i bought these while they were on sale for my wife .
mine broke after a couple months of use .
this product has allowed me to take those trips and have a peace of mind about my iphone 's battery .
only reason i did n 't give it 5 stars is its kinda bulky !
i am not going to risk using it on my phone and damage my phone ( at least it was less than $ 5 . . .
this is second one i got for another car so i do n 't have to move it around .
i 'm not sure what caused my phone to crap out on me because my girl 's phone is still going strong .
i would not bother on this model .
i wound up spending a week looking for a decent case and maybe even a holster if i could find one .
i recommend this without any reservations whatsoever .
the stitching looks just fine and honestlyi do n 't see how it 's going to come undone after a couple days .
it is an excellent phone , and unfortunately will not be updated again , so many applications are not compatible with him
i did n 't put 5 stars , because i 'm not in love with it . .
it is the cellphone i expected , they delivered it when i expected on time , the whole purchase was ok , but the only thing i regret is buying this cellphone and looking that the software was different than other bb i had .
overall the case itself is good but we do n 't use it .
did exactly what i needed it to do .
i hear details i do n 't normally hear when listening ( maybe because that 's usually in the car ) . since i do n 't have an iphone , i was n 't able to try the microphone .
i am sad to say this product only does half of what i was told it would do .
also they are uncomfortable after wearing for a long time for me .
i normally do n 't like these things , but , it is a sign of the times .
now comes the fun prospect of dealing with amazon and or motorola to see if i can get them replaced . . . update called motorola and they 're sending me a new pair .
my old blackberry 8820 's battery started to expand ( like it was going to explode ) for some reason , and it stopped working .
i received the itorch a few days ago and i have already had to use it .
anyways , i only put important people that i call frequently in address book so it 's not a problem for me .
one of them was indented in when i got it and thus not really usable but for a couple of bucks for 3 i ca n 't really complain if one is defective .
as it turns out i use it with my computer and love them .
have bought from this same product link 6 months ago , and that one was ok .
plus i find that i do n 't have to charge it very often . the other negative is that there are problems with interference in noisy environments when i 'm talking on the phone . on the whole , i 'd say you really need to try this one on for a few minutes and physically test it before you buy it .
i just want to add my 5 stars to the phone and i support every single positive comment the previous reviewers did . i had several motorola phones ( with windows ) and my latest one was an htc s621 with windows .
for the price i got em for it 's a worthy purchases if you were paying more then maybe not .
if i find out either way , i 'll follow up . this product is a must buy ( i 'm getting another one ) for palm owners !
let me begin this review by stating that a lot of people have used this device quite successfully .
no , i do n 't even know why they bother including this .
this product fulfills one need and does it really well .
the only reason i give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because i have had a lot of people tell me i sound somewhat distorted when talking on it .
i have n 't had any problems with it .
i just really wished the cases were n 't so hard to get off in the first place , but i understand why they need to be or are .
i know someone who bought one of these and had good experience .
i wo n 't make another mistake and buy a voyager pro though .
i hope they last longer than the previous reviews .
a lot of good it did me .
i wo n 't rehash all the features because you can read about those elsewhere .
the people i call tell me that i 'm muffled and hard to understand and i have to speak loudly to be heard even if i 'm in a quiet location .
that 's when all the issues from the first phone started happening again .
use it everytime i get in . . .
have used them for our charms we got to put on our electronics to help us decipher whose toy was whose on our gaming party nights .
i realized after i bought it that for a little more money i could have gotten one that charges my ipad too , so if you have an ipad you might want to check that out .
not that that matters one bit to me so long as it does n 't light my car on fire and so far , so good .
finally got a great deal and used them on my motorola phones .
bought them at an excellent price and may go into my own business .
it came by the date that is the only good thing i can about it .
not a bad product , i just did n 't want it .
i will gladly accept another holster that fit correctly .
this product is too much trouble to deal with . . . and i rarely write a one star review .
it 'll irritate you no end in the beginning but you get used to it .
i 've dropped it several times without a problem .
another plus is that the cord is significa n 'tly longer on these chargers than on non branded ones i 've purchased from several sources . as these are so inexpensive i do generally buy more than needed so there are always some on hand if one should stop working , and i always have extra with me while traveling .
i had to write in and contradict the review saying you can only use this on your right ear .
we did get it unstuck and we thought the problem was solved , but we were wrong . after using it for only a couple days it completely stuck and is no longer functional .
the price was so good i order two , to have a spare .
he has had it for sometime now and never takes it off .
i 've had 2 of these , they work for a few months , then they gradually stop working .
good product i 'm mostly pleased with .
in fact , i have such a good fit with the first one i 've used that i can barely tell it 's there .
the phone is just about everything i expected , but i 'll probably upgrade in a year something jazzier . . . .
the only frustration that i 've experienced is my displeasure at misplacing it and having to search for it and not being able to locate it right away !
this product worked great for a couple weeks but after i while i noticed the phone was no longer charging .
this is my 4th unit in the past 3 years .
my friend was pleased and used it until the cord begin to fray .
i have n 't tried to remove it yet , but hopefully it wo n 't give me any trouble when i do want to change covers .
would not recommend if you are going to swap your phone in and out frequently .
i have been wanting to purchase one of these for a while now .
i think it is a good one .
often times i forget i 'm wearing them and they 're not so bulky that they 're unfashionable .
if you have not guessed by now , i would not recommend .
frankly the original was not good either but much better than this .
i emailed them and they said it is because they are out of the country and to gove it 2 weeks .
i will be honest and admit that i ordered a second one as a spare for when this one gave up the ghost , as i thought that for the price it would be a short term item , but it is still going strong .
i would use the zipper only twice a day and i was very disappointed that it broke so quickly .
had it for years and still no problem
it does let me get more than 300 feet from my phone but not to much more so that is wonderful .
do n 't like it , when i in the sun outside ca n 't see the screen and it was n 't reusable at all .
well , no need to be concerned .
now the wife is very happy . . . thanks .
if i see over 5 bad reviews then its a bad device coming from amazon . .
i gave it to my son because he loves it too .
it is great just like the other one i had .
highly recommended and i would purchase this again w o question .
i tried to take it apart , but you ca n 't without breaking it .
and you will have a spare when kitty decides to hide one .
i was weary of using any of these , from any brand .
i got a couple of them .
i think this is the best thing to use when you travel with the kids .
i now totally understand why people are addicted and become crackberries .
i 've placed 2 of them so far .
i also have some random disconnects with my blackberry .
they 're great for my purposes but i think my last ones crapped out due to sweat from walking during my commute so i definitely would n 't recommend for workouts .
this happening once or twice an hour would be fine , but this is happening once or twice per song which is unacceptable .
i bought this to use on trips .
its only been 3 days but i am extremely happy !
this unit has been very reliable over the last three years .
i previously owned a plantronics voyager 510 . i was so happy with it , that i bought this one , thinking it was a leap forward .
the problem , is after an hour of using them , i get a headache .
what they do n 't realize is that bad reviews will eventually catch up .
we have two of these units and are very plesed with them .
i 've just received them so i do n 't know how they will hold up but they look the same as any other product of this type .
a little less depending on if i 'm messing around with the phone a lot and all .
this one is ok i guess .
i bought this to replace the one i bought from verizon several yrs ago .
i then went and plugged my phone in and it worked perfectly .
this is super cute and durable , it kept my phone safe when i had an iphone 3 ) totally recommend !
i only had 1 bar before , i just wish it covered a bigger area .
i take my itorch with me everywhere .
tried it with another phone and another computer .
this is a great product , but i order the wrong size and i intend to pass it forward to anyone in need of it .
he loves them and says they are great .
got this as a gift to my friend apparrently the voice quality is not clear this after spending 120 bucks !
i tries several different spots through out my home and it just could get a good signal to replicate .
last battery was dying within a couple of hours , new battery last the day .
i was not able to hear on it any more when i went to my new phone , samsung a877 . i tried many others first and all had the same problem , sound quality was low .
i got it for travels but ended up using it every day at home as well .
batteries have never run out on me , but i never use the unit more than a couple hours at a time .
if you own a blackberry , you already own this .
however , i purchased these items for my niece ( 10 year old ) and she enjoys them and they suit her needs for her ipod .
if i get 3 months of use out of them , they are well worth the $ 40 . 00 i spent on them . if you are looking for a way to make your gym experience 10 times better and enjoyable . . .
this happens periodically during a conversation and without any seeming similarity in occurrence .
i had no issue with it in my 1998 escort or 2009 focus .
these are nice and cheap but only one problem with it .
so perhaps it 's just as well i did n 't have a cable . anyway , it 's going back immediately .
at times , i 've used it at home .
but reading some of the reviews online here , i questioned if i may also experience issues .
i wanted a new phone , but could'nt find one that i liked .
as many other reviewers have said these things have a bad mounting design but i found the solution to these problems .
actually , i put it in my daughter 's purse as she headed off to prom that was 3 weeks ago , and i have n 't seen it since .
as i have read on other reviews it has been described as shady , this was nothing of the sort .
so this is my second day of using the imp70d and i love it .
distributed them out to friends and neighbors and they have all withstood all types of abuse .
there are many tips online that will help you fix almost anything .
one time i was talking on my phone .
this phone changed my opinion completely .
i have had this for a while .
im sure you could get a better product if you spend more money , but if you understand that you are getting a 3 dollar product , you will be quite satisfied .
i replace it with a new one when the old one wears out .
using this on a 3gs and i 'm very happy with it .
it was exactly the right battery , and has no problems .
i 've been to remote places like this and have not had any reception .
apparently that was a misguided assumption on my part .
the first day , the first time that i put this on my belt and went to sit in my car , it broke .
i see know problems with this item .
a great investment and i would highly recommend .
they were nicely priced and i read others had much better luck than me , but i 'm done with them for now .
i have superglued several parts on after moderate use .
i 'm thinking of buying an extra one for my desk at work .
this one is a little lighter than the pictures shown so it was a nice surprise for me !
i also always carry a least one spare .
i bought this case when i bought my iphone early this year .
this turned out to be a christmas gift for someone .
i still was n 't carrying my phone on me when i was at home .
i made a good choice wheni thought of buying this , its very safe , not to bulky !
i own about 5 of them to keep in 3 cars and keep 2 as spares .
at first it would work with my iphone old work flip phone if i plugged the iphone in first .
i am happy with this product .
there is a slight discomfort after about 45 minutes , but i have found that after about a month you get used to it or in my case it seems like it has adjusted to my head so i do n 't feel it . * kanye shrug * i wear them all day because when not in use i just lay them around my neck .
sure enough , next day it was flawless .
the salesman said give it a chance , i have and it 's going back tomorrow .
this thing is still going strong , very good purchase , very pleased with it .
i purchased this for my self to use with my motorola v3xx .
they told me they liked it so i guess there 's nothing else to review
bums me that i had to return it .
i have had it for almost a year now .
i havent used it yet . . . but it came in just like what i expected it to look like . . . i just messed up my current screen protector that 's on my phone right now trying to put my case back on . . . so looks like i 'll be using it now
my daughter liked it for a few days and then i did n 't see it anymore on the phone .
i purchased one , as the original was dieing a slow and painful death . once the original died , i bought a second to have as a reserve in case of an emergency .
it is an exact replacement and not some knockoff .
i got for my god childrens grandmother in jamaica and i tested it out !
we generally put it back on the base to charge when we are done using it so i ca n 't speak to how long the batteries will last but it has lasted for quite a while when my wife uses it .
i bought a couple of these to use with my galaxy s2 skyrocket phone .
i did n 't like them at first , but upon realization , i liked them even better .
this helped avoid confusing my iphone with my wife 's !
if you love your iphone , you should buy this one !
i have used them on my iphone 4gs and 3gs .
you wo n 't be disappointed with this item . * * * 9 months later , as much as i love the features and looks of this product , i am more than surprised at having to replace it due to a malfunction .
i used this for about two months before switching and had almost no wear or other issues .
i am to blame for not paying close attention to what i was buying .
i 'm just glad it did n 't damage any of my hardware . see if you can find a better quality product this one is junk .
been they where from motorola i assumed they would be reliable .
i wo n 't even re sell them .
that tells me it is the car .
i like this product a lot .
i was anticipating something heavier and larger .
when the time comes around to get another one , i will be buying another one of these .
i agonized over getting this phone for several months , mainly because of what people were saying about the weak battery .
guess sometimes a good deal is not really a good deal . would not purchase .
cute design and can be tossed in a purse , if you ride with others and need to take it with you .
i love it , before i was always losing my bluetooth and now i never do .
i purchased this for my sisters phone .
got this is a timely mannor , put it in my phone , chatged for 12 hours and nothing ! never worked ! annoyed to say the least ! i ordered this just in time to go into the hospital for a ce section so i would n 't have to charge my phone all that often considering bending and such will be painfull .
my store was going to charge mr $ 40 for a new one , and have to order it .
i loved everything about this product , but it seems to be acting up with my iphone 4 . a friends has blackberry phone , and does n 't have any problem with it .
its better than the others that i have used .
you can see by all the positive reviews that this thing is amazing .
i have used it now for about a month .
gave it to my husband so he can use it at work since he will use it more than i would .
now i give it 5 stars ! ! !
it charges and that is all i cared about when i needed it .
in an effort to find something to use instead of my fingers for certain things on my phone i figured this was a good buy .
this is a must have if you are trying to preserve your original iphone 3gs or 3g .
sometimes it pops out , but if you do n 't mess with it , it 's ok .
but i have n 't received it yet .
i have installed 4 of these in my cars .
i bought this for some members of my family .
every few seconds the computer would drop it then find it again , and repeat .
i was sad to see that it did n 't fit my iphone 4 , but i stumbled across my elago s2 today and decided to try it with my galaxy note 3 phablet .
before when i had a normal charger i would make sure to plug my phone right after i get in my car to make sure my phone gets a good charge before i leave the car but with this one i do n 't care because i know that little time gives me a good juice . i ended up buying two and i highly recommend this product
i glued it back and got another 5 months of use before it simply quit working .
well , i can try this one for a while .
sometimes it is flawless and does n 't cut out , but typically that is only when i 'm not on my bike .
i did not have trouble putting the screen protector on ; i got it straight , with no air bubbles the first time round so i guess i can say applying it was easy for me i had no problem with it .
let me tell you i travel and no .
this was very disappointing for me , but absolutely my fault . they would have gotten a 5 star if it were n 't for this one thing . all in all i 'd recommend them but remind about that one caveat .
i have dropped my phone a few times and there is no damage at all .
from the moment i got this product it was broken .
i 've looked at this case many times over the past couple of years , bought another , and then finally after buying one for my husband , immediately ordered another one for myself .
i ca n 't get around this at all .
basically i have to readjust ever 30 seconds or so .
i regret that amazon wo n 't let me give them 0 stars .
this is a good thing to buy .
so , we sent one back for replacement .
it 's exactly the same one that came with my samsung smartphone .
i had this product for 2 weeks now .
but otherwise , i put this on my phone and immediately removed it .
very nice i love it i take it every where i go and glad i bought it keep up the good work
this product is a case of creating a poor solution for a problem that does n 't really exist .
eventually i ended up with a scratch on it and had to put on a new one .
i 'm using the second one now .
i use them several times a week at the gym , and also at my office ( it gets loud in cubeland ) . battery life is great even when that i use them at the gym and then almost a full day at the office , i can usually get away with a day and a half ( or so ) between charges !
i am honestly not the one to drop my phone as i hold my phone like it was a baby .
i think i misplaced another set .
i 've had excellent results with this battery so far , i 've had it about a month . . . i made sure that i charged it for 12 hours the first 2 times i charged it , also between charges i ran the battery completely down before recharging . . . i think a lot of reason people have problems with their batter is that they do n 't condition it properly
seems like i should not be excited about a charger but this one is great .
i suspect , like many other iphone users , i have several cases for my phone .
i 'll get another one when this one wears out .
i have used these headsets for more than 2 years with my ipod classic and a variety of bluetooth cell phones .
overall a great deal , and i recommend it .
i 'm buying 5 more packages before they quit making them for my 3 510 's and my friends that use 510 's . . .
that way i can have it in my pocket without it accidentally being switched on or off .
you would n 't be disappointed with either though !
even after a few hours of wearing it ( i know , i 'm a geek ) i barely notice it .
the battery i received is not new . . . i thought i was buying a new battery but instead received a battery that is in no better condition than the one i am replacing .
i 'd probably buy it again , having used it for a little while .
forget about changing the battery on the go , you need to sit down and have a few tools and a lot of patience . ( for the record this was my breaking point , i had to return this unit , because installing the battery for the first time was enough of a turn off ) sound quality is mediocre at best
i only recharge every other day , and i use it 10 hrs a day . i had gone through a lot of other headsets before i settled on this one , and it 's the best i 've found .
my old battery was only lasting a few hours .
back at amazon today to order one for my mom to try to convince her to use one of these things .
have actually ordered 3 of these now for the wife and me both as extras for multiple vehicles .
i took it back , got another one , and within 3 weeks it gave me the same problems .
i was only offered a refund and not a replacement .
they are not available on the jabra site or on any other site .
i do n 't think this is one of them .
so if your thinking on getting do it . for the money this is a good buy .
i 'm on the phone over 3 , 000 minutes every month . . .
it appears this phone is being sold as a new phone when it fact i believe it 's been refurbished .
worse for me than the caller but why bother , i 'll stick with my 510 .
i purchased this product to send over to my wife who is on a trip , and complained about typing on a blackberry .
i 've had this product for some time , and i 've been nothing but impressed by it .
i have not directly measured the number of hours , but i use them frequently and seem to charge them once or twice a week max . overall this is actually my second pair of these headphones and i did n 't really realize how much i used them until my pair was lost .
have to with the first one , and the second just fall minutes after installation .
i had been using it for a couple of weeks and it worked fine .
i would not try them again
i highly suggest this to anyone ! ! !
light and comfy , great sound , actual up to 6 . 5 hours of talk time . absolutely 100 worth the money ! ! update oct , 14 2012 i ordered another one , the first ( which i ordered in july 26 , 2011 ) still working great , i 'll use the new one and keep the old as a backup ! !
still , it 's inexpensive and i am re ordering a new one because i like everything else about it ,
next i am going to try it out on the note 2 and see how it handles that !
that having been said , very few people will ever be able to tell the difference .
i have had it plugged in since it arrived and it has n 't let me down so far .
get one if you need it .
they tend to break after about a year or so , but the design is overall excellent and i felt that this product served me well .
so it is not an issue of just getting a bad item at one time . overall , i cannot recommend it .
so i decided to purchase some for myself .
not a big problem , and i 'm not sure why .
otherwise , i 'm happy until i can find something louder .
she reports that it is very comfortable , and she has been wearing it for long periods of time without a problem .
wish i could give them no stars on this one .
i am pretty sure i went through two if not three of these .
i bought this a little skeptical .
i bought several and leave them all around , work , home , car , truck . . . . work just fine .
this is a must for these phones .
they 've been submerged in water for a few minutes and survived .
it 's been wonderful having one i can just leave at home and one that travels with me .
i just got this phone as a replacement for my curve 8300 . boy , was i impressed .
this serves the purpose if you need your hands free .
i 'll give it 5 stars , but i ca n 't really say i love it . . .
i ordered several of these at the same time and they have all had the same fate .
with this phone , i refrained from downloading anything , period .
if you are clumsy or high risk i suppose it 's a necessary evil .
my wife and i both have them in our cars and have no problems .
when i verified which email i had used with them by sending a copy of the invoice , i never heard from them again .
cable went bad after a month but being that it was only $ 3 bucks i guess i ca n 't complain .
but i ca n 't imagine something doing a better job .
same thing we wont be satisfied . . . . so if u looking for something wich is comfy and good . .
perfect gift and everyone should buy one for themselves .
my husband has a i phone , and is constantly needing new cords , he looses them , so he loves that i can get these cords from amazon !
does what it should and hopefully it will last .
highly recommended if you are using the booster this is intended for .
i 'm almost tempted to get one of these to replace my razr !
it may be a little short but it is worth it .
i called motorola and they agreed to replace it .
i 've used it to transfer data between my phone computer w o any issues as well .
i choose five because i like the product .
i have purchased them in batches of 10 for my workplace .
then i went back to the gym and sure enough , once i worked up a sweat they started cutting in and out and then started buzzing .
i always keep it in my bag just in case .
i am currently using it with my new samsung a990 . the only gripe , which is n 't really anything serious is this .
called that number and opened case with them .
i called my wife to see if she could hear me .
i was very pleased with it .
the h700 is a big upgrade for me ( previously used the h500 ) . no complaints whatsoever .
i 'm not sure why this one is so weak . .
did n 't expect much out of this little guy so have to say it has been nothing but smiles .
that was good enough for me .
it took a while getting used to but once i did , i found them just fine .
when i got them probably with in a week time , i found ten devices to use these .
ordered this for my wifes iphone and would order again in the future if i needed one for myself .
this one has been on without a charge for over a day and still going .
i have not been disappointed in buying them this great little unit .
i ca n 't recommend this thing enough .
i really do n 't have a lot of time .
she uses it daily and has nothing but good things to say about it . 4 months later and it is still going strong and it 's been pretty darn cold here !
i am trying the motorola next .
no matter how many times i tried to take it off and put it back on again , the lip was just uneven .
i 'll update this review at a later day to let everyone know how this phone holds up .
i use it mostly in the car with no problems .
three months later still am right !
use it with my droid x and laptop . buying another pair for me lost my last set .
i feel like i can never have enough of these especially since i lose this cord easily and a lot of people have the same charger so it 's good for visitors and whole family .
i even got one for my brother in law for christmas and now he tells all his friends about it too .
folks can tell when i 'm hands free .
with three in reserve , i can replace the protector as often as i want to now .
well , i ca n 't use it , but it is too cheap to return , so i just threw it away .
read the reviews and was excited but slowly performance diminished .
i was actually on the phone with someone a day after the thing was fully charged , and had n 't used it to that point , but yet it died out less than an hour into the conversation .
i like that it does n 't touch my face at all and stays right by my ear . one problem , though i ca n 't get it in my ear quickly no matter how many times i 've tried .
thinking i should buy one more for travel .
best . . . i 've spent in a while .
this is not expectable in my view .
pair this with an extra or spare cord and you are good to go !
i ordered this for my husband 's iphone almost three years ago and it is still keeping his iphone safe and secure .
think twice before you buy them .
my daughter disliked it and frankly so did i .
i 'll recommend this product to anyone looking to experience music like never before .
so , i wasted a few of them !
if your going to buy these , i would recommend buying at least 3 . . .
luving it right now will last about 4 mo so you ca n 't beat the price for it i got 4 of them
i guess it would work as a backup in a pinch but do n 't buy this for the pointer .
do n 't use it often since i 've got my rubberized case i use more but when i do , it 's perfect .
i 've only had these headphones for a few days but that has been enough time to really put them through their paces . with my cell phone ( htc at t ; tilt ) the experience has been flawless .
it also is n 't very loud and broke broke a couple days after i got it .
whenever i get a new portable device , one of the first things i do is buy a screen protector , then i have my husband apply it .
good product would recommend to anyone .
it 's saved me a lot of hassles while saving me money too .
please do more tests on this product with the iphone 4 . i 'm testing out another product , and will leave a feedback soon .
i had bought these as our original cables are wearing and even with these not working as good as they should , i will probably try another set as needed .
you 'll really need this extra battery with a g1 phone , for sure .
i have n 't had any problems with it
wish it was longer and more durable but i guess we do n 't really have too many choices when buying apple products .
i love my iphone but as most people know , their battery life is n 't the best .
any hoo i was asked to purchase again .
it is as good as the other reviewers say .
i frequently was having to ask her to repeat herself .
its been 3 months since i got mine .
i have had other brands where the sound quality is not very good or too low . i will just reorder another c200 and take my chances with that .
the only problem i have is that it 's just too bulky
i gave it 4 stars because the only drawback i see is that it does not appear to offer a great deal of protection , but i think it will last as long as a phone ( maybe 12 months of heavy use . )
now , do n 't take that out of context , but this is a great product .
we can lose a call just by dropping over a hill .
i would rather they had been a little shorter , but i knew their length when i ordered them , so it would be stupid to take off for that .
compare to the one i used to buy at apple store .
good for me i do n 't plan on throwing it or dropping it from any heights i just seem to have little slips and this is good for that .
this phone worked for a few weeks and that 's about it .
ha , i just realized i contradicted myself about anyone who gave this case above a 2 star rating .
and it does the job when i need it .
i 've been listening to my ipod for years with my old headphones .
this is a dollar store item and it 's his junk instead of waiting two months for it to arrive you can go to your local dollar store and buy it there but even there you will be buying junk you just have to go to the apple store to get quality .
the volume is more than enough ( and i 'm a bit hard of hearing ) . it 's comfortable so i just leave it on most of the time when i 'm at work .
my old t616 gave me 2 years of perfect service , even after having been dropped twice .
daily user that is why there are so many one stars .
i cannot really claim to have seen a difference .
i would not give it to clumsy adults ( like me ) , but kids will probably not mess it up .
i 'm returning my 3rd one and frankly i 'm fed up with it .
i have been using the new battery for about three weeks without any problems .
am very pleased with my purchase .
do n 't know what else can be said .
i was not expecting this to be as nice as it is .
i 'm pleased with the product . i would buy again , very cheap and good price .
so i bought one to see if it work , and it does .
i 've been using it for about a month .
it is cheap than when i saw in a store .
the only concern i have is that the thing is so light and small i 'm concerned about loosing it .
i have been using it consistently for about 4 hours every day with nightly charging .
just what i wanted and thought it would be .
it was able to keep me in business throughout both planes rides and while i was at the hotel .
i ordered 5 cause i keep losing them
you get what you pay for , but i do n 't need to use it very often , so it is compatible with my phone and is easy to use not much you can mess up !
i do n 't have to worry about buttons being pushed while it is in my purse .
my mom uses this since she often does n 't realize her phone is dead until she is on her way to work .
have n 't had any issues with it at all .
i do n 't know what happened , but i had to throw it out .
its a charger , its great , it does the job , my kids use it all the time , would buy another , and would recommend .
the fit is very comfortable ; i have had it on for 2 3 hours without even realizing it 's on . you ca n 't go wrong with this .
on the phone allot and do n 't need to worry about the battery .
i am highly disappointed with this product .
i was glad that i paid next to nothing for it because it was one of the cases that made me the most unhappy .
would recommend to anyone . i bought more than one ! )
it is an annoyance to have to do this every time you turn them on . sound quality is adequate and no more .
i highly recommend these to anyone that needs a charge .
one battery will last more than a day , and he can keep the other handy as a backup .
i better go to apple store and buy an original one .
i have been using it for approximately 3 weeks and it works as it did the day i received it .
my advice is to only get this if you have the razr otherwise forget it .
proves it was the right purchase as she kept her samsung galaxy siii going strong all night .
have n 't had any problems with this product .
i quickly got used to it and have no complaints .
this device has literally saved my lifeand allowed me to get vital information during a dangerous storm when other chargers failed me .
i am very happy with the product .
i like the fact that they are very durable and reliable .
whether or not it 's worth buying these cheap ones and having to replace them so often is worth it , i 'm not sure .
many times i have not been able to use my phone when i wanted to for fear of running my battery down when expecting an important call had to save the charge so my phone would be good when the call came through .
if i could give this 0 stars i would .
this woeks great and would have worked great if i had bought the right one for my phone .
we have two , and we love them .
i mean , painfully slow . . . aint nobody got time for dat ! ; ) i also think it might be affecting my overall charge because i notice it is not holding as long of a charge since i have been using it .
nice for long weekend getaways as you do n 't have to worry about bringing a charger should you wish not to or forget it .
basically it was just what i was looking for .
i 've received no complaints from people on the other end of the call .
i bought this item after i forgot to add it to my unlocked phone purchase and it was a waste because you cannot use this sim without giving your credit card , which means that even if you only want incoming calls you still need to register .
i received the itorch imp52d about a week ago and have played with it for a few days .
i ordered a set of these for my fiance for christmas .
i 've had 3 headsets already , and each one had something about it that i did n 't like .
again , the one from six months ago is fine on the same phone .
i recommend it to anyone with a razr .
this item i purchased is better than i thought .
while the problem could have been with my 925 , i 've used it for years without such issues .
consequently , this was a lemon and due to the months passed from my internet purchase , i am unable to return it or exchange . therefore , the moral of the story is to test everything you purchase from the internet .
i 'll downgrade and explain why if i have an issue but for now they 're a good bang for the buck and it beats getting tangled up at the gym . dropped from 4 to 3 stars because of short battery life and the foam keeps falling off . edit do n 't know why my last edit did n 't stick , but they stopped working after about 3 months of occasional use .
too bad that this one was a lemon .
i bought both the blackberry vm 605 and the jabra cruiser at the same time to compare .
i have been using the hs850 for the better part of 2008 and have found it to be a competent little unit .
they told me to buy new phone .
i 've tried moving the antenna to several different locations but have n 't found anything that gives me a anything better than 2 bars in the rest of the house .
while it might be uncomfortable to some if you were to leave it in for three or more hours ; it is by far the best design i have found to date .
both are painful after several hours .
but i do n 't mind i still like the case .
ca n 't complain too much its only a buck and change , but this is just to let people know the picture is not what you will get .
carry it in my car at all times .
made my bf very happy as well .
i got this one for my sister she loves it too .
when we moved apartments that had even worse reception , this did n 't help at all .
i hope they keep them around for a while .
i have not used for a while since i have a smarter cp .
the phone has been dropped a couple times and remained safe .
i 'm very pleased with this purchase .
bought 2 to use in our carsthey 're amazing . great sound quality ( people can usually hear me better than my phone ) , excellent product . i 've had 2 for over 18 months now , nothing but good things to say
i got this product after a good research .
i decided on it after reading many favorable reviews .
i bought several that looked different , and were duds .
there 's not much to say that has n 't already been said so i 'll make this short .
i bought two of these the first time .
works awesome , love it . . never have any problems . id buy this product 200000xs more if i had too . . . product never glitched on me or anything .
this is the second one that i have purchased .
this is a must have for every one .
this is probably less likely to happen if you do n 't take the case apart as frequently as i have .
only problem i ever have is without a case , you can accidently turn them on way to easy and when you need them , the battery is dead .
i suspect that it will give me about a year or a little more of heavy use .
after reading my usual first 6 reviews , purchased this and within a couple days had it on my mini .
it can connect to my phone and my wife 's , just not at the same time . lolgreat accessory for your car ! ! !
i 've recommended this heaset to about 10 different people , who all love it .
he and his family have at t so we were hopeful it would find just the right home , and it definitely did .
have been using it for a couple weeks now .
i bought a pack of these for my phone a while back .
still have n 't found any problems with this product .
do n 't know how long it will last .
must have watched a lot of videos or photos that day .
once i figured that out i unplugged everything and waited . after a few hours , when i figured everything would have cooled down , i started testing my devices .
so far i am very pleased with my choice , knowing i can go anywhere without worrying about my phone .
we wanted to get some spare batteries just in case we needed them .
i am using it with my ipod touch , phone , and now with the kindle fire . i like it so much i ordered more for gifts and a backup for me .
this was a great price and it boosted my battery life back up to a week or more instead of one day .
if this product breaks and you complain about wasting money , you havent wasted much money at all , so stop complaining !
this was a gift for my brothers iphone .
it is comes with a fair amount of onboard memory but this can be upgraded to suit your taste just in case you may be carrying some extra baggage . all in all a great buy for the busy lifestyle and professional out there .
battery lasted longer than my original when i first bought it .
i bought this for my droid dna and although it was the slightest bit large , i 'm still pleased .
do n 't buy this item for your bbry 8900 . look elsewhere for a quality product .
i bought it for my niece and she loves it .
it 's hard to explain but take a look and compare the two and you will understand .
i did purchase one from that store , the h710 , the next model up , and i have to say that i do like it .
i went to wal mart and bought the very same product for less money .
never happened to me , but i 'm afraid it might .
i was skeptical because i had never even heard of this technology but i am so thankful i was given the opportunity to try it out .
i ca n 't afford to be without my phone for work .
with about a week , i kind of got used to it , so it did not bother me much to always notice it .
i believe almost everyone here has said exactly what i want to say so i will be straight to the point .
but i ca n 't pickup any incoming calls .
my wife thought it was trash and threw it away when i left it on the counter .
but , for the price i paid , heavens , ! 'll deal with it happily .
this was true for about two days .
this is a great addition to any smart phone owners , especially if you travel .
i know a few people who have broken theirs ,
after 3 months , no issues at all .
i do no recommend this to anyone .
when we got our new phones the very first addition was a new defender before he ven left the house with his .
this was a few phones ago and i was always running out of battery life .
i would recommend these to you as long as you are careful with your electronics and are not going to be running around with them on or dropping them to the floor .
i bought it for business , only with the intention of reselling and sold very well , at least in my country do not understand how people would pay so much for a cell how it , well , we must seize !
but i may keep them because the price is reasonable .
the only reason i had to get my second one was because my dog chewed it up , then i backed over my second one with my car in the driveway , so i bought the third .
i like this product to a point . i was looking for something cute that would hide all the ugly cords and things to all my items that have to charge !
i bought my imp70d a couple of weeks ago , not knowing what to expect .
i 've had it for a few weeks but it 's been on several trips with me without a problem .
i really like this product and give it a high rating .
i am very pleased and would not hesitate to purchase again from either of these sellers .
why this occurred i really do n 't know why .
i would buy this one again
same thing with the evenings when i get home , i 'm tired and i just want to set my pre down , not mess with a cord and cover in order to charge .
if you like protect your mobile and have a good look to ; so then this is for you .
as soon as it starts to charge , i can come back to my phone and it 's back to square one .
now on bike rides and hikes my phone comes along . so if you are like me and have been through several cases and are looking for max protection for your iphone just order this case and be done with your search .
have n 't had any issues with it .
overall this is an excellent phone and i highly reccomend it to anyone who wants the most powerful smartphone currently on the market .
i purchased this phone to replace my old phone .
i originally bought this for a motorola phone , and when i upgraded to a samsung , i decided to continue using it since the connector was the same .
about every six months to a year , we would have to buy another .
not much better than the old ones i was replacing .
i 'm not using more data , on average , each month , so i am effectively paying $ 15 more a month with this device .
its what i guess i will call plome .
now i do n 't have to worry about scratching up my iphone .
i have ordered 4 of these now .
i purchased these about 8 weeks ago for use at work .
my personal cell phone from virgin mobile is not one of them . for what you pay , you might as well just continue to plug your phone or device in the traditional way .
my kindle takes a long time to charge in general so that is still working .
you can buy a new one for a few bucks , but the time it shorts is bound to be when you really need it . i would buy again and recommend it .
the strap served that purpose for a day but ended up snapping on me on the second day of use .
very happy with this product and would definitely recommend .
buttons are few and usable , after some practice .
they will work but they do n 't last long .
it 's probably better that way so no gluey residue is left if we do n 't want it there any longer .
i 've owned this item for well under a year ; way too soon for a cable to stop working . i advise looking at a different company .
but it is just the cord , so it 's good to keep with your pc laptop .
with the other 1700 reviews and most of them nearly 5 stars , do you really have to look any further ?
i have owned this unit about three weeks now .
if you blow themup , they become pixelated ( see submitted pictures ) . o i 'm going to keep it and hope for a battery solution , or learn tolive with it .
it works but only for a limited time .
i was n 't expecting much but it 's both light and comfortable .
i used this only for a few months .
i tried to give it to my brother , but he returned it to me saying it has the worst user interface in the world and he would n 't take it even if i paid him money .
i 'm very satisfied with this product .
i am very careful with my device , so i do not know how it will handle items scratching the screen or fingerprints . . i received it quickly , and i did n 't have to pay for shipping , plus because i bought one item , received this packet for free .
my husband uses it everyday and has n 't had a problem .
i have been using the hs810 for 9 months now .
i gave mine to a friend .
i still have people complain they ca n 't hear me occasially ( rarely though ) and i have to shove the thing in my ear and make sure it 's sitting straight for optimal performance .
i got this to replace a cover that i had gotten when i got the phone .
now we keep it around for back up .
well , i 've been swapping back and forth between my original and this one for a few weeks now ( to make sure they stay charged ) and i can never tell the difference in life , they both seem to work exactly the same .
my son used these and thought they were great .
after doing a lot of research and trying a less expensive similar item ( that had serious issues ) i bit and bought this item .
a five star purchase if you ask me .
ca n 't wait to use it on my new phone
i was in a rush so i jumped to a bad item .
i 've been using these headsets daily for over 2 years now .
the battery i received holds the charge for about a day , which is the same as my old one . disappointing indeed .
i can now just sit my phone in this little pod .
i 'm a bit too clumsy for this , but i gave it to one of my more careful family members for his 5c and he 's enjoyed it .
i actually use them on my art table to keep my items from moving that i use .
not going to bother complaining again , as it has gotten me nowhere .
i 've decided to just fork over the dough to apple and get a genuine one , at least that 's made to tolerance and is good . buying from various sellers on here is a random crap shoot , cheaping out and buying these knock offs will have the chance of destroying your little mobile investment . . . i would stay far away from these .
first i have owned and used a lot of blackberrys .
one of the few generic products i have purchased that has worked beyond a few month , so it is worth the purchase .
i returned it for exactly those reasons . . .
i put this in my phone when i am out of the country and it has been very useful .
i lost this cable but when i had it , it worked like a charm , never bought another one because i tried other products .
i have used three of these , and they worked well for about 5 or 6 months , but then died for really no reason .
i carry it in my purse anywhere i go .
i guess its a crap shoot when you buy cheap , but since a lot of the reviews were positive i decided to give it a try .
so much so , i bought 4 already . 3 in use , one was in the truck when it got broken into , and this is the only thing they stole , so do n 't leave it out in the open .
i 've had some that would n 't fulfill this basic purpose , so this is a pleasure . great job and a very good price !
the one i received almost seemed like it was used instead of brand new .
have had to sharefor phone and kindle 3 times this year .
it was so good and inexpensive that i put one everywhere and know i 'll always be able to charge my phone .
this coming holiday i am buying some more of these new trent products and give them as gifts to my family and closest friends .
when i seen this i immediately ordered it .
bought it for a friend , wanted to swap it with mine )
i will continue to use these cases until something better comes out , which is probably never .
this product is lovely and is very good for use in my new iphone4 s and others thing to me
the solution there , of course , is just to unplug the dumb thing every time , but we know that 's not gonna happen , so , again , i wish the blue went off when the phone is unplugged . but the charger works and it 's cheap , so i 'm happy !
the last one worked for about 2 years .
i will enjoy them a lot . .
the first one is still working but is falling apart .
the only reason i 'm not rating this item 1 star is i took a gamble to see if it would work with mypanasonic kx tg6511b it does n 't i saw other products that were pricier that were explicit they work and this one was n 'tso if you have a panasonic cordless phone , you 've been warned !
in case of emergencies , having this handy is defnitely a life saver .
i got home on the delivory day to find that my husband had fallen in love with it .
i received my motorola h710 today .
please do n 't wast your money on it .
if you plan on using these headphones at the gym or any activity that will cause you to sweat then do n 't get these .
i originally ordered them for my mom to use on her nook color as she was having a hard time learning the touch screen , and she loves it .
they can , but they are so big and bulky that i would n 't even try .
now to be fair i went back and looked and it does n 't actually say new in the description , but it does n 't say used either .
i bought these as a replacement for the screen protector i purchased when i got the phone .
if i see it on sale again , i would buy it .
had it on my phone for a few months .
i 've been through a lot of headsets .
one came in a package so it at least appeared it was brand new .
its ok for the people like basic cell phone .
my last two emails have been ignored .
well , this time it 's for your own good .
i have purchased two of these .
just what i expected and am very happy with this purchase .
great is 's gentle on my ipod and the price was a steal and i wouldbuy it again and again
i will buy more of these if i need it
after previously owning the $ 700 mini computer type phone i was ready to kick 'em all to the curb but this has been great .
would be okay paying a bit more for that .
this is the 1 must have companion for your blackberry .
one of the best out therecons the buttons are kind of small and needs getting used to . little bulky if you compare it to a samsung flip phones .
it would make great as a gift and i highly recommend it . d
when this phone first came out i really liked it because it was new to but i did'nt like the ball one bit it kept on get stuck on me .
this is so convenient , i love it , it keeps me from loosing my ear piece which i done so much in the past .
i would recommend it to people that wanted a cheap case .
i think you 'll be happy with it .
and that 's not in a lot of places , just happens once in a while .
my battery was slowly dieing on me so i purchased this one . . it has worked great since the day i put it in the phone and am still using it a year later .
i brought this product with me during a 4 day convention earlier this month .
run , do n 't walk , to get yourself one of them .
i dismissed it the first couple times i was told about the echo .
i am not one to constantly fiddle with taking the phone in and out so it matters little to me .
my friend use the one in my truck and wanted to take it with him all the time so i ordered one for him his phone is going dead all the time
depending on how one handles their cell phone , i can see how the edges could pry loose prematurely .
had a e65 before and older phones from nokia .
i 'm surprised how much i use this .
i 'm paranoid about dropping any smart phone and winding up with a brick .
i bought another to give as a gift .
i have had one for a little over 4 years , now , and am only now starting to see some problems with syncing .
it is not made for any that are flip phones .
i love this product so much !
i do n 't know why i only put my phone in my purse , not my jeans pockets but it got all blue ish note
i told them that was not going to be ok , and then they claimed to have resubmitted my order and i would receive it in a week .
then what do you do with it to keep it clean ? ? lost it again . . . .
this is why i 'm giving only two stars .
this is a great product and works well i would repurchase again if i needed this product for my phone
if you 're going to be outdoors bumping around it 's an excellent choice .
right price , you have to be patient and buy these in advance since they come from china .
since purchasing my last one i 've invested in a more durable and reliable device .
need to find something like it for my car .
i guess you could say not a lot of bass and volume ca n 't be made loud but is certainly loud enough for regular calls .
i have gotten my money 's worth a hundred times over .
for some reason other verizon phones have like 3 bars when mine has 1 , or will have 1 bar when i 'm getting no service .
we decided to try this out .
i was so excited when it arrived .
i still drop phone calls in the house , but i * think * that i lose fewer calls than before .
it is not that big of a deal to me but to some people it could be .
i do n 't recommend it , since it takes more work to ship it back than to throw it out and buy another one .
at this point it is usable but not reliable .
i am so satisfied with my iphone .
i ordered a different one however .
i waited a while before reviewing this .
i am very happy it it .
lasted only 3 4 months when the original lasted over a year .
i put off buying another case far too long because i made another wrong assumption that i could n 't find an outstanding cover that i really like , which will not crack , break or lose its color , at a reasonable price right here on amazon .
these cords are exactly what i needed to have on hand .
you wo n 't get disappointed with this great product !
had a mix up with getting the item and slow shipping but it was all resolved in the end so i am satisfied with the purchase
would like to find a bigger one to fit my fascinate just like it .
there 's no option , you have to use it .
i love mine and the other 2 recipients love theirs . .
can probably hold 3 broken eggs insidevalue might keep it for the price and i hate mailing it in return .
i received this product before i expected .
was happy with both my h850 and h700 until my gf broke both of them so went with the h710 as replacements .
i figure it 's saved me hundreds in value added because we used to waste the money eating out it just was n 't worth it .
this is a huge one for me .
i saw it here at the cheap price and grabbed another one .
i will do a google search today to see if it can be remedied .
some of it got scraped away so do n 't put it in your pocket with your keys or other objects capable od scratching it .
i bought these strictly for the price which was a mistake .
i had read about this same problem in a review before i bought these but i thought it was just a fluke .
well , its a easy product , but it is just i hope buy , it arrive on time and the way i waiting but it hurt my ear
just now i got back from a trip and i got compliments from 2 separate people telling me how nice it looked .
my dad liked them so much , he took my pair and bought me another set .
i am very happy with it .
you have 10 tries and if all fail just buy another bag of them !
ordered one for my husband , and myself .
i ordered 3 and 2 were bad .
i walked away from my phone to go get something one floor down in the basement , forgetting that i was tethered to the phone , and realized that i was still getting perfect reception while on my conversation down in the basement .
he is happy with this product likes it better than the clear one he had before .
i have n 't found a con yet .
it would go so long without needing to be charged that i would often lose the charger because i could n 't remember where i last left it ( car or my room ) . this one loses its charge within 5 days .
they never notified me of this , and when i asked when it would be in stock i was told they did not know , but i could call back in a week .
maybe this just takes some time to get used to .
i will be looking for a stronger one .
it is used at least 5 days per week .
it 's long enough ( sorry , i did n 't measure ) to have my laptop on my desk and have the phone plugged in and on my bed a couple feet away .
i purchased this as a gift for a friend .
this cable is great and for the price , wow , i plan to get another one for a spare what a deal
great purchase and will purchase again . .
i even give these as gifts because people do n 't realize how much you touch your screen .
i do n 't even know where that thing is anymore . . .
best cellphone . . . . of course , keeping distance between our age , but i feel this product was revolutionary at his time ; light and easy to use
i ordered from eforcity which i have never used them before but maybe again someday . . .
my girlfriend love this little baby .
should have read reviews before i ordered this item .
the way that i do my tests is to pair 2 headsets , put one in each ear and then switch between them while on the same call .
i like to keep extras , my kids lose these things all of the time .
i received my new trent itorch in the mail last week and i love it !
used it 2 years with 0 problems .
i would definitely buy more from this seller and not the cheap ones tha tjust do n 't last .
i was excited to get a great deal on this except the fact that when i ordered it i thought it was hard plastic , i must be blind cuz i did n 't get that impression from its profile . . . iam new to ordering and iam learning lessons as i continue to shop ! ! ! ! ! !
he did not break it , but said that the case will not survive if i had to open it on a regular basis .
i see no reason to spend more money for something else .
it worked as it should and i highly recommend it to anyone with an android phone .
so far so good anyway . . .
i am asking for a refund , and maybe even damage to my phone . if you care about your expensive phone , please , please do not buy this product , it will give you more nightmares than you can handle !
i 'm ordering a couple of different configurations just to test out my options , but i could see coming back to this one .
i 've used the voyager 855 for about 15 hours and i am pleased with the purchase .
i 'm glad that i brought it .
hopefully this one will last as long .
i have used this product on my iphone 3gs as well as my boyfriends iphone 4 . a friend told me about this product after i told her how my iphone always dies when i am at disneyland and that i would have to look for an outlet and sit and charge my phone .
the only problem i 've had is keeping them for myself .
i picked this up on cyber monday in november 2012 . it 's been a little less than 5 months and i could n 't be happier with this speaker .
i got this for my mom , and she does n 't even use it .
i purchased this for my niece who has a tendency to drop her phone .
they worked for a while , and slowly over the year all of them failed .
if you do n 't like it amazon will take it back .
this is pretty important to me , so i only give it 2 stars .
where ever i want an item to stay in place .
bought two nokia 5800 xm phones , one for my wife the other for my daught .
it is interesting that it took about 4 hours to give a full charge so that is something you may consider if buying .
well , its really practical and i 'm well pleased with the purchase .
so buy 2 , and expect them to last somewhere between 0 and 90 days .
very snugly , and i 've yet to have any mishaps with it falling apart .
the cord came when they said it would maybe earlier .
i would suggest that you get this one while they last .
i got a few of them since they were a dollar and they still work well . 2 months in .
until i wore them to the gym and worked up a sweat .
i am very pleased that it ended up working .
if you want to transfer data between a computer and your phone , you 'll need this one !
i will sadly return it and search for a larger holster like this one .
it is worth to use it .
one time i got a cheaper brand and i can tell the difference right away .
and as soon as others know you have them , they need to 34 ; borrow 34 ; . keep you eye on them !
the remote can be placed anywhere as it is wireless .
i like it so much i bought a second one for my wife .
i pulled mine out a little too quickly once and it came apart .
this is the best blue tooth ever , it works great with my blackberry 8330 no issues where has this model been after trying other types , glad i found this one which i will use for the life of my phone
not sure if they 're experiencing this with other phones but it works great on the g1 . glad i took a chance ! love it !
i will not buy this again .
i bought this on sale and this was before the s3 arrived this is one of very few products i bought prior to having the s3 that i ended up being happy about .
i would downgrade my rating on this item to three stars .
i 'm not sure what else you can say about it .
i did n 't read the reviews correctly .
its wroks greta and i know you enjoy this , . . . . . good t have around when you do n 't have a headphones that does n 't fit yours
i 've had it for a month and i 've had consistent performance from it in our area .
after contacting palm 3 times and of course being told 3 different things .
i need them at work , in my home office , in my bedroom and do n 't forget the wife and kids .
only if blackberry were more up to speed as far as products i would n 't have given up on my bberry and gotten a smart phone .
in all , a good deal and i 'm ordering a second set this evening .
i purchased two of them and it 's the same problem .
used only less than half year it 's broken already .
bought one to see how well it worked then bought two more because of how well it worked .
bought it two years ago and it has held up with som pretty hard use .
those that i call need to be able to hear me too !
as long as you can get these for the right price and remember that they are pretty much a disposable tool , they are good and do the job they 're meant for .
i lost lots of calls and no one could her me . . . awful .
i have had this for awhile now .
for the price , they are great to take on trips and if you forget one at the hotel it is not a great loss .
good product i got it for my husband but he has n 't had any complaints about it .
in yellowstone , where i spend a lot of time , it is now a matter of the few areas i do n 't have coverage , whereas before , it was a matter of figuring out what few areas i had some coverage , at least enough to make a phone call .
i have n 't tried it with my cell phone but its bars went up , too .
bought this for my phone and it worked great until i had it for a few months .
i bought several of these and all of them stopped working within 2 weeks of receiving them .
i am glad i bought them .
they said i got the last one .
better than on my nokia phone !
i am disappointed in this product . . .
it was an awesome little phone and would highly recmmend it .
which i 'm still not overly happy with .
i often eat alone and i like to read while doing so .
i thought that i couldnt loose at this price .
at least for me it did .
i see this product being sold for a lot of $ $ $ now , but i do n 't think i paid more than $ 40 for it .
by no means has it all become that . . . mostly around the corners and edges . . . but when that happens it might not be so hot ( slippery bad ) . if that happens , i will buy another .
i 've had this thing for years now , and use it all the time .
i 'm always receiving compliments on it .
let me say up front that i ordered this from amazon after reading all the glowing reviews , and i 've been fairly disappointed by the performance i 've experienced .
i 'm just making sure for the first few charges , it gets a chance to completely drain before i 'm re charging it . update i 'm finding the battery does n 't really last much longer than the one it replaces .
i have been using it for 6 months .
i own 3 of this guys big brother and keep them everywhere from the waverunner to my camping bag .
i can get a connection and complete a call when my friends ca n 't . if the next iphone has gps i will probably ebay my tilt .
when i unplugged this for the first time it came apart .
i can walk all over my house with no problem and still listen .
i always carry this around in case my battery ran out .
does a very good job , i still have and use it on an old model ipod .
whenever i try to put something on like that , i end up with a mess .
everyone i 've bought it for loves its .
i bought two of these for our two iphones .
just ordered both this , and a similar pair by nokia .
was as i expected and was great as usual .
i 've had it for almost 2 months now . .
i highly recommend this inexpensive and useful product .
btw i purchased this battery in aug 2011 , i 'm again looking to purchase it 's replacement because one again , i find myself having to charge it on average twice per day . i will say i received the battery quickly .
i 've used two so far and seem to last longer than the other set i got on ebay .
i bought this just to have a spare around the house and have no complaints regarding it .
we have been ordering this same headset for years and got it for our friends this time .
because these are inexpensive and it comes with so many my screen is always protected and looks good .
it is of the best that i have seen yet .
thus far we are very happy with this unit .
the three chargers that come with the device are for devices that are so old that you would need to travel back in time at least three years to find a device that you could put these chargers in .
believe me , you will know when you do . i would buy again .
i bought this ( almost 2 years ago ) to protect my ipod when i take it with me ( which is a lot ) . well , it is almost 2 years later , the same case is on my ipod , and it has almost no signs of wear .
i like my phone i got it the first day it came out and when i got it i mean it takes some getting use to but i like the features , the camera , the phone is ok not wow , love the keyboard , and i really like my windows media player on it and all the things you can do .
after emailing them , i just got an email back saying , it should be there by the end of the week , but there is no way for us to know when . 2 weeks is not 3 5 business days .
works with no issues and i would buy this again if i needed one .
since i started using my iphone 4 , i have been searching for a compact battery that can keep it going .
the cable does n 't work , not sure if i got a bad cable or something i soon as i put it in nothing happen it wo n 't work in the wall or in my pc , good thing it was cheap or i would have been really piss .
mine stopped working after having it just a little over a month .
i suspect that this will be similar to other new android phones .
this does n 't present a major problem for me , and given the opportunity i would have given this product four and a half stars .
since i 've installed it , about 2 3 weeks ago , it has n 't fallen off once .
i read a lot of reviews on a lot of headsets before purchasing this one .
not one of them , despite my traumatic experiences with a few , have ever received one star . that 's changing today . i just received the stylus and was stoked to try it on sketchbook mobile .
i know alot of others gave good reviews on this but after reading about what many others have to say about the way this disconnects alot , i do n 't doubt it .
it was great and i use this item almost everyday and love it sometimes my son chews on it so he likes it too
this is the 3rd screen protector i 'd placed on my phone , which i had in over 2 years .
here you just buyed and activate online !
not real enthused but i guess worth the money paid for these .
to me this was a waste of money but you get what you pay for i guess .
i like to have one in each vehicle and can afford it at this price .
i purchased motorola t305 while i was using motorola razor and it was working perfectly .
i just recieved my case today .
since it came with three , i kept 2 for me and have used them way more than expected as they really do make it easier and quicker .
ive had the same cover for 2 of my previous phone ( iphone 5s and s2 ) and they were perfect but i do n 't know why this one just doesnt fit the same way .
these come in handy for a lot of things , home , workplace , etc .
i received this one as a gift from my friend and love it for two simple reasons 1 ) the sound quality is excellent .
wow this went to my flip razor it worked really well and then smartphones started comming out and i had to keep up but it was a great charger i think i still have it and use it for my mp3 player
i have purchased a better one since but for the money spent it was worth it !
the only time i notice their presure is when i wear them for a few hours .
if it was n 't for the size , i 'd have given this 5 stars .
i suspect this battery is probably refurbished or was defective when made and did n 't pass the new battery test and that 's the reason it 's being sold at a knock off price .
it did n 't fit the phone i had bought it for but it fit my other phone my lg .
i put it to test with both iphone and ipad and it just worked .
full disclosure currently not using this unit . . . lost it a few months ago .
i get a couple hours of listening and then have to recharge .
at first i was worried about order these cables because i thought they were going to be cheap and junky , but took the chance . in my opinion they are a better quality than what came with my iphone .
i am not going to bother returning it , because for the money i spent , it 's just not worth the time or aggravation .
however , it was cheap and i got free shipping , and i wo n 't be using it constantly or every day , so it works for what i need it for .
needless to say , i returned this phone and got a replacement . the replacement phone was great . . . for a month and a half .
they are not real comfortable for listening beyond about two hours , but i do n 't listen to music more than that at one time . if they give out in a few months i will post another review , but for now they are 5 stars .
the one i got might have not been compatible with my phone ( which was an lg env2 ) but this works well otherwise that is , until im using it !
i love the appeal and the good grip it has , since i 'm a butter fingers when it comes to phones ; although , i would n 't recommend it to people who drop their phones a lot or place their phones down roughly or anything like that .
nada . okay , i 'll just plug it back in maybe 2 3 minutes later , the charging light stops .
i am totally happy with it .
was hoping this would be the same .
my wife and i have been using these cases for the past two years on our iphone 3g and 4 's , in hard cases themselves .
useful for on the go and when you drive all day for work you will be ready to have hands off talking and still be safe .
i have had to remove my battery before i got the case , i 'm not bothered about removing 3 layers , but i do hope the rubber does n 't loose its fit when i do .
the phone is extinct now but the battery did its job .
believe me when i say i would have returned it with the quickness if the bass was n 't good .
i purchased this for a samsung s2 because i saw other reviews said they used it for that .
but its a very big battery but it 's ok cause thts what makes it awesome .
this is the only way to go , i bought this for my sister , she trusts me when it comes to buying electronics .
thought about returning it , but it 's cheap , so i just do n 't bother .
i 've had for about a month . will buy again if it breaks .
i 'm incredibly impressed with the product and i hope their other products have just as good quality .
i had high hopes for this but was let down hard .
well i bought a few of these cables so , e worked and some did not i believe i bought five but those are the chances u take 3 of the 5 worked so i am happy paid close to nothing somy complain
i met up with a friend who also was running low from his phone and i charged his too .
unfortunately this does n 't suit my needs for the car .
the color is amazing all of my friends are jealous and ask me where did i get it .
get it and you will like it .
very good to have a ear bud fits in my ear and wo n 't fall , comes with three sizes , but only one thing wrong with it if you wear it for hours and hours could start to hurt a little but take it off for ten minutes and you 're ready for a couple more hours .
well , its a easy product , but it is just i hope buy , the quality is no so great . . .
i have bought several of these batteries over the years that i own this phone .
looking at this purchase , i should n 't have expected much .
i would definitely not buy this again .
i bought this for my blackberry .
the glass was cracked for a couple of years and i contemplated getting it fixed locally for like $ 100 . i then saw this cheap kit and thought , what the heck .
unfortunately , it 's literally stuck there until i decide to remove it permanently .
so far so good and i intend to keep using new trent products in future . if you have to travel internationally , these things are a lifesaver .
i try to do it under a bright light to make sure i see all the lint or dust and take my time .
this is a very handy for not just my tablet , but my car as well .
at least it will keep me going , until i can get back to a socket , while on the road and running low on charge .
i had to send it back .
you do n 't need to wait any more .
so , i have it here somewhere for me to look at occasionally (
all i really care about in a right now immediate way is calls .
i used this moderately , about 45 minutes a day m f for running and they worked awesome for the first couple months , now all of a sudden they would n 't turn on , fiddled with that for a while , then the pause play button does n 't work now either .
hint give yourself a couple of weeks of adjusting to the touchscreen before you decide this .
was as expected and does the job though i am going to a new phone as the galaxy 2 has been acting up consistently .
but for the money . . . . . you ca n 't complain .
if you charge these up , and leave them , they will discharge on their own within a week or two .
if you need a set of these this is a good one
i was able to sustain my battery on my tablet while traveling with my son last weekend .
and my husband was able to use it driving truck , would recommend this to others . my only draw back was they do n 't last that long .
and i have used worse cables ( even thinner ) . but just be aware of what this is , particularly the length , when deciding if this is going to be of use for you .
i was a little skeptical about buying these since they were so inexpensive however , they worked perfect .
i just got a new 3gs iphone .
i use the belt clip everyday and there are no hints or anything telling me it 's going to break any time soon .
i was happy to see that i had five instead of 1 . i really put work on my phone so i needed more than 1 . thanks !
it was easy to pair to my original phone but i 've not been able to pair it with any other thing . overall , if you been waiting then wait no more .
i 'm glad that it lasts from start to end . 5 5
it 's ok for the price but i would definitely try to find another alternative .
junk ! ! ! . . . . . . this product must be miss labeled .
although i did not buy this for myself , i did purchase them as christmas gifts .
it 's not too much more expensive , and will be more likely to be useful to you in the event of an emergency .
it will get the job done but not in a timely manner .
but overall , i like it and i will rate ( 4 ) , if it could charge more times , i would rate it ( 5 ) stars .
it frequently disconnects during calls while on the phone for 15 minutes ( sometimes it happens almost right away .
i had it for 3 months it 's busted .
i was not able to find any cheaper similar products offered by third parties .
i bought them last may and they have stopped working !
i have had no problem with it .
if you leave one behind , hey , it 's only $ 2 . i 'm totally pleased with these clever little gems .
i received it within or even earlier than scheduled .
this now makes it worthwhile again .
i was nervous the cord would be cheap and break easily .
get this product , pay a lot of money for it and watch it disappear . it is worse than that .
to me it makes me excited for the future more than anything .
has nice sensitivity and while it was new it was my favorite .
we got it fast and he ended up loving it more than he had expected .
unfortunately , i purchased mine when it was $ 100 and have never been able to use it .
seem like it had a shortage in it when i needed to use it .
i 'm request 2 . i wish they just sold a decent nokia .
i bought it after reading other good review about it .
i love my headsets there my favorite thing i own i take them everywhere i go they do fit my head tho
i just bought this phone from amazon .
and the gps was neat but keep in mind you do need a data plan of sorts in order to use it . . . i thought you did n 't either way i did n 't have anytime to figure it out before it died this morning .
while i only use it for my iphone i like being able to use it with other people 's phones .
its also nice to be able to leave my phone connected to it while at the beach and stream music the whole time and not worry that my phone is going to die and im not going to be able to use it until i get back in my car and connect the charger .
i might just have received a defective part .
although i do n 't use them at the gym they work great for when i am working in the office .
we 've had it for a couple of weeks now and have had no problems .
since i only had it a couple weeks , i can not say how long it will last , so i bought 2 more just incase it wears out .
for only $ 4 and some change for the both . . . this was a great buy for me and now i never have to worry about my incredible running out of battery !
but , it might be worth an extra few dollars to get something nicer .
since then , it 's bliss . i charge 2x per day , about 15 minutes a piece ( not charging after about 6 hours of use leads to a dead battery on my commute home i literally wear these about 11 hours a day , 5 days a week ) . as long as you 're buying new , you 'll have these headphones for a good , long time .
i gave one to my girlfriend , one to my brother , and i kept the other one for myself . at first they worked great .
i think i bought it for a friend but she already got one by the time this came in still in packaging .
i have an att cell phone that i wanted to unlock .
just got a new phone and right away had to have new ones for 4s
with all of the adventures that i have taken this phone on i can honestly say no problems at all , great purchase for an awesome price .
you might want to file down the tip just a tad if the one you receive has a sharp tip like mine did , no big deal .
i was not happy about it at all .
it may be overkill and too much hassle for people who are more city bound .
not only can you not put it on your ear and enjoy an entire day out without the thing going dead , everyone i talked to said i sounded muffled at times .
if these last a decent time for the cost , i wo n 't mind buying a replacement pair .
i had to return both of them .
i bought this to have a few extras .
i plan to buy an exact replacement if i can find a trustful vender .
i ended up giving my blackberry to my neice and getting myself a galaxy s2 which by far out ranks this .
i cannot imagine what this screen protector would look like after a few days of use . although this product may protect the screen , after a couple of days use you probably wo n 't be able to see the screen with all the accumulated scratches .
i tried it till the last film ( 3 films ) but still the same .
more trouble than they are worth at that rate .
i bought this on a reccomendation of a friend .
i gave one to a friend and the other to girl when i got my wep400 . i wish i would have given away the wep400 instead .
but truth be told these are really great .
idle , these things will last a couple of days .
and most days , i have 4 8 hours of conference calls .
i did not realize that there were not .
i will not purchase this item again .
whenever i break these , i will buy another set .
i purchased this in january 2011 and 1 year later it is still working dependably and consistently .
unfortunately i did n 't research well enough .
my initial impression after turning it on was not too good given it took 2 hours to upload my 1500 contacts from my smart phone , which i did n 't want !
i have not used but my nephew is doing very well with it .
i bought this phone ofr my in laws a few months ago and it works great .
the first is still working fine , i wanted another to leave on some devices for longer periods of time .
i am glad we did n 't pay much for it .
the second issue i take with these , is they are n 't particularly comfortable and make my ears sore after just a few minutes of use . do n 't get me wrong , these are n 't terrible .
i 'll update later if i have any issues .
never tried it without , so 1 star is all i know to give .
you 're probably wondering , why would i need that ?
i believe i 've had the first one for well over a year and still no problems with any of them . i wish everything was such a good value .
so try as i might , i cannot wear it for prolonged periods of time .
why pay more than you have to for the things you have to buy to get all your electronics to play nice together ?
well worth the cupple dollars if you can wait for it .
i am using this device on my samsung fascinate i liked my first one so much , i ordered two more .
the first couple of days that i had it it work fine and after a week it just broke and im not able to use it anymore
i was not pleased with the sound enough to give it 4 stars but considering the price its better then one might suspect .
for the price and quality i plan to buy it again when this one is worn out .
i exchanged them and still had the problem outside .
bought this to use in our brand new 2014 nissan altima .
anyone that purchases this product wont be disappointed .
it 's a nice design , and if it worked i 'd be very happy with it . update i just got a new bt250v after amazon was kind enough to exchange my unit sight unseen ( they even shipped out the new unit before i 'd shipped back the bad one ) . unfortunately , while the new unit works somewhat better , it still does n 't work as well as it should .
this one was dirt cheap and small , so i thought i 'd give it a try .
as soon as i used his phone i became bitterly disappointed with my blackberry because compared with my hubby 's it does nothing .
it helps to make notes about the areas that are having issues with the old protector and be sure to clean those areas very well .
i have to put the phone in upside down to keep that from happening .
i received this unit as a promotion special when i bought an icarrier .
after a few weeks it started acting up for some odd reason and i really do n 't know why !
but in the new house , there 's always quirky spots ( my signal is good at my desk , but my new cell phone does n 't realize i answered the call wierd ) . and some people reading this may have dead zones .
you normally have to purchase all the accessories but they all came with it .
gave used it on multiple generations just fine
i eventually bought one for my wife .
could you imagine if i tried to carry all the chargers around for those devices ?
when i finally got them i was excited , and i plugged it into my phone right away .
but you definetely have no use for this in largers cities !
it is an exact duplicate of the battery that came with my bb and i carry it around in case of a power emergency .
honestly , if you take care of your things and treat them with care , that will not happen .
i do n 't know why people pay for something they can buy much cheaper and that works just as good .
bought for my grandson and have not used this myself .
i picked this up on amazon for under $ 20 after months of thinking about buying one .
purchased this one and many others and they are all still working great ! ( with the exception of one but it was my 12 year olds so i would have to say whatever happened to that one was probably the fault of the boy and not the cord ! ) recommend this product and seller !
do n 't waste your money on this one .
it 's comfortable , i wear mine on average about 2 hrs a day and i often forget they are even on my head .
nothing more to say but i need to add more words for the evaluation
it 's nice to have it in my vehicle as a backup just in case i need a charge ; however the only thing i wish were better is the charging speed .
the one big thing i want to stress is do not talk about anything personal ( like your personal financial stuff ) because if others are around you and scanning for radio stations they could pick up on your conversation .
people were always asking me to speak up .
so , i 'm back to just holding while running . . .
its exactly what it looks like and it does its job . . . theres a billion of this things in the world . . . i do n 't know if we need more .
what i like about the itorch is i can keep in in my briefcase or car and just pull it out when i need it .
i feel safer now driving those areas at night that i had no signal before , because it was always a fear that i 'd break down in those spots and not be able to get a call out and just have to hope someone would come along ( rural area ) and that it would be the right someone .
i bought this for our trip .
we just bought these for our cars and they are fantastic .
this phone is reliable i never drop a call , even in the very rural area i live in .
bought this phone for my brother , he has been looking at it for some time now .
i did n 't expect the quality to be this bad .
i cannot speak for how long it will last but have no reason to question normal life .
the cord worked good for a while , but started not too .
i bought both myself and my girlfriend one of these cases . . .
i tried replacing the battery so that 's not the problem .
if you want to use these for workouts , do not ignore the warnings go buy something else . i received them yesterday , paired them to my blackberry , and headed out to the gym .
i think is excellenti want to know why the price is so low . people , take advantage of it . do it ! ! ! !
i do n 't give it 5 stars because sometimes the sound is not that clear when i speak .
we used it about 6 months , and then i bought a factory replacement , and a fresh battery .
it does n 't let go until i pull it off .
they are even more jealous when i tell them how much i paid for it !
i was happy up until my hubby bought a htc desire s .
only one thing i do n 't like .
not sure what this would be needed for , i got for a phone , maybe a tablet ?
for a change , i order this product and dismayed of it .
happy i purchased this and it does what i need it to do .
i did not have any issues with maintaining a charge for the few weeks that i used it , but my sense is that as these types of products get more use , what used to be an inconvenience turns into a disaster .
seriously , why do n 't they just make it last .
this is my 2nd time purchasing this . 1st one broke in less than 1 year .
i am a firm believer in , you get what you pay for , i read other reviews and went with this product , just a tad bit more , but see hear is the thing , these people are making millions by selling faulty ware to people like me that wont return a product .
now if i ever catch the dirty no good low down thieves that stole my original . . . .
the sweat ; that is ! so i called amazon , they sent me a new one which we will be trying out today .
make sure to read some of the more detailed reviews here lots of helpful info you 'll want to know before you make the investment .
i do not like how short the cable is however , that is the only thing that was disappointing .
but these are cheap enough that they 're pretty much disposable .
frankly i do not want to insert a used product into my ear .
i almost purchased another one for $ 25 but i 'm glad i tried my luck for this product which sold for one penny . the 3gs screen can be easily accessed when inside it too . i do n 't have any complaints .
this is just what i was looking for .
this is another one of those items that 's pretty simple , it does 1 thing and does it well .
i thought this thing would be great because it was so small and i could use my normal chargers with it but it broke soon after i bought it .
i did not have to modify the unit like some of the other purchasers have mentioned .
it did its job but not the best alternative out in the market .
but i want my iphone 5 in the same place i kept the blackberry it replaced .
go ahead get one you will not regret it .
after trying sony and several nokia headsets found these to be the best , use em everyday , lightweight and incredible battery life . definitely worth the money .
i just retired my blackberry , and it charges it just fine , but i do n 't use it anymore , so it is of little use for me .
this is an excellent headset i have to say that i 'm puzzled by all the negative reviews . ( which did make me hesitate for a bit . ) the pairing works , and easily , and the first time .
the case is quite feminine . . . so i 'm not super hot about that .
i have no problems with it all .
but only 3 because it 's not what it makes you believe it is .
but in all seriousness the smell went away after about 7 to 10 days , 34 ; or i just got used to it , lol , 34 ; and it has made one of the best ipad mini cases i have ever used . . .
and if you have an 8125 or 8525 , then it 's time to upgrade . if you 're still carying a pda and a cell phone , then this is the phone for you .
i have used it both with my computer ( sony vaio ) and motorola razr .
i 've had very few complaints from others about hearing me .
i put my new battery in and i went a full 24 hours until needing to plug it in again .
i could use this gadget . . .
just gave a spare to my sister too .
so , you just got your new iphone 3gs .
hate that i had to wait 2 weeks however .
i 've got a collection of cases for my original iphone and my new 3gs .
worked well , do n 't have the phone anymore tho . sorrysorry . sorrysorryspooh wellsorry bout it ) whoops
this is another cool item i suggest reading all the reviews , i have purchased it for a gift for someone . you can not beat the price to protect something so expensive .
i would highly recommend this to anyone who has the iphone 3gs . note , this does not come with a screen protector so you will have to purchase a separate item .
exactly like the one i paid twice as much for at my cell phone store .
i had two sets of these thinking the first one was defective .
if i had paid for the unit , i might be a bit more critical , it is n 't cheap , but that 's a very subjective matter .
i received the product today and connected in the car to check all the slots working .
the ones i 've used have barely made a week .
i really loved this when i first got it .
i take it with me camping or any travel i do to juice up my phone or tablet .
i was in the music business in recording studio 's in the past .
i do n 't need to hook myself up to any other device when i use this .
i really like that it tells me who is calling before i answer , if you sync your address book with it !
i have these on hand and they are a good deal for the money .
i kinda expected that based off of reviews , that 's why i bought 5 in the first place .
to say the least noise is now nonexistent which is wonderful for me and him .
i am not using it anyway , therefore this product deserves a 4 5 .
they are extremely durable , even if they do n 't feel like they are . .
over the past few months i have order over 100 of these units and they all have worked perfectly .
i wanted a cable which i can use in my car .
btw , my third one is getting trashed because people can no longer hear me clearly and i only had this one for about 4 months .
but still do the job . if you are looking for a bigger , thicker cord . . . do n 't get these .
some reviews said case was cheap , but for the money i paid , i did not think that way and i bought 5 of them to have extras on hand .
i bought this for myself originally .
hopefully this company makes one for the soon to be released note 2 as i 'll be getting one once it 's released .
a couple of days ago i ran a conference call from my cell phone , from the car .
so i ca n 't tell for sure whether the battery had anything to do with that .
with proper cables i have used this successfully on a few devices now .
i cannot use this when i 'm lying down because it is very uncomfortable even if you put a pillow underneath your neck .
i needed the phone in a hurry .
but then again it could be because of my phone and may not happen to other phones . in summary , great product if you can avoid the air bubbles .
these are not made to be used everyday with a phone that gets lots of use .
in fact i was using the motorola talking with my son , in a lot of pain and needing help .
it has worked just fine now for going on two years .
tried to find a new one for my girls dad 's house , they just started using my old razor phone .
it 's a life saver , and there is n 't too much on the market at the time for this phone so i am happy with it .
great sound , it picks up very little in the way of ambient noise , and the charge lasts forever , seemingly ! update when i originally purchased this device over 2 years ago , i di have to replace it back in july .
cause i did resell it to a relative who still uses it alot .
i did n 't need a new phone just a new battery so instead of adding another used cell phone to the trash heap , i 've recycled a used battery and kept the phone i really like !
i was very reluctent to ge tthis due to the water needed to put it on but got it anyways !
if you want to be cheap . . .
my advice is not to even gamble on it working .
i 've had two pair of these now .
these problems cured temporarily by removing battery .
with buying a $ 400 cell phone out of pocket i was n 't going to take any chances on it .
but , do n 't expect to go from one or no bars to four or five bars .
my wife and i have been using this behind our bed for a couple years now to charge our phones . it seems to work but i have burned through 2 of them where they just quit charging altogether . if you think about it though with how cheap they are i 'm still coming out ahead so i 'm not that upset about it .
i just got motorola t305 in after preiously buying the jabra version months ago .
this product has been useful to me somewhat .
but when i do , the charger is with me . an excellent deal , and i 'm very pleased with it .
i just was n 't lucky enough to get any benefit from it but it does n 't mean it wo n 't work for you .
this was not a problem because the case covers that and is unseen .
he is n 't gentle at all with his phone and this has kept it so safe .
cheap enough to replace , i 'll give it that .
i 've now ordered two of these , one for my car and one for the husband 's .
ordered for new phone and have had no problem at all with it .
by the time you get to this point , the number you called is asking you if you want to repeat the options .
i bought a big order of these because they 're such a bargain .
maybe they 're work well for the gym , but other reviews say the slightest amount of sweat or water will destroy them . . . i dunno about that because i never got past the first day or two .
ordered this for my grandmothers phone and know she is rocking and rolling .
do not buy , unless you are willing to write it off when you do n 't like it , because return will cost even on a defective and misrepresented product .
we live about 35 miles apart . * * * update when i bought this i was using it for my old motorola photon 4g phone now i own a samsung galaxy s3 it 's rapid charge not effective as it was with the photon but it still does the job .
i ordered the one from amazon .
they are thinner than others i 'd used .
if you do n 't mind jumping through 50 million hoops to get it , well go for it but if your time is money , run from this rebate and this phone . 5 co workers in my office thought we would take advantage of this offer and what we thought would be a cool , hip cell phone .
i bought a similar one a local store was surprised how well it held my phone , my sons phone ipod .
i also read some good reviews on it .
better than the last set by another maker i owned .
i did n 't like this product at all .
if you are accident prone like me this is the case you need .
i already had the lg and was hoping the motorola would do better but i was let down .
perfect as a backup to the original one from the box .
i 've found it pays to pay attention to what other users have to say .
you never know when you need a pair .
i opened it and did n 't see where the springs were . .
you ca n 't ask for anything more , imo .
this product works great and does what i need it to do and still to this day works just fine and i have had it a little over a year . !
so i got him this . . . it is great .
i feel like i got ripped off .
there have been numerous times where i have missed calls because it was inadverdantly set to silent just from being pulled out of my pocket !
got burned bad with a generic a while back .
i would have thought that designers would have made that happen so when you come back to your car , once the unit is setup , that it would notice your phone , automatically reestablish connections and verbally notify you that that has happened .
if you 're looking at any current motorola headsets , stop now and look no further .
i have had no issues with it .
i 've never used a bluetooth speaker and had no idea if i would even be able to figure it out .
it charges super slow but i 'm not sure if that 's the cord or just my computer .
i bought the twp thinking they would work perfect for a long time , but both are now useless .
i figured if there was dust and other stuff in there , then i would have to let it settle .
it works but is not solid and broke very quickly after a few uses , i would n 't buy again for sure .
i am returning this product because it is just not worth it to me if the other person cannot hear me properly .
i was excited to get this item because i thought it would be quick easy and convenient but i was wrong .
i have numerous products from this company , so everyone in my family will have one in case of emergencies .
i have tested this device pretty extensively for work and home .
i had one then my oldest son wanted one .
i have not had any of these break or die on me .
i leave this thing in my truck for use while driving .
definitely a good product and this item was particularly at a good price .
maybe the heat of my car played a role in the breakdown of the cable , but if that 's how you 're planning on use it , do n 't be surprised if it starts shorting out on you too .
i 've had id theft 3 times this year including just 3 days ago . a must buy
if you have multiple cases , you can mix and match .
i had not removed the iphone for several months and i think it was 'stuck' in the case .
hello , since i am the tech guy at the homestead , i am not the user but hear everything wrong about something when i get it for my wife ( sound familiar guys ? ) i bought this in spring 2012 , she used it for two months and liked it and had no complaints about it , i was her hero !
it has been nice having extra charging cords wherever i 'd like to have them ( home , office , car , etc ) so i do n 't have to carry them around .
and after three months of use this thing dies under a minute of being connected to my phone . guess you get what you pay for .
so i eventually bought another one via amazon .
i 'll update if anything changes , but right now i 'm with the majority of folks here this looks great .
is a decent cable , no problems so far , maybe you can find problems fixing the connector but that is something that you can fix with a sharp blade .
my hands are huge , and this is going to be a nightmare eventually . the worst part ?
good , i was happy with this product .
my car does n 't have an ipod connector so i bought this product .
so if you are looking for that type of set , this isnt the one to use .
i got one for myself and one for my husband .
and i 've used some of them in those capacities .
my suggestion is only get this if you have a spot where you get a strong signal and need to extend it .
i 've also tried them w my ipod touch 2g , and my cowon d2 same result fantastic ! ! ! the cord is a bit short , but that 's a plus for me .
i ended up buying a different one .
you can hear at your end and you are heard clearly at the other .
my guess is that is why they show you a partial image that does n 't give you the true picture of what they 're selling .
i have had this phone for around a week .
priced right , i bought about 8 of them so i can just leave them were i need them .
if you are looking for a throw away case for a weekend trip this will be the case for you .
when this happens , it is great to have a replacement .
of course i ordered a replacement for the one that i gave him because they work so great .
i bought two , one was perfect , but i lost it .
i used to have this phone long time ago , i bought this for my uncle , but the only problem i had is its hard to hear when you call someone over the phone i ca n 't hear them .
i 've bought a few dozen of these to hand out with our company blackberries and they have all worked without issue .
but if you love your g1 and hated the lame battery life then this is perfect i highly recommend this battery .
i was sorry to see that what could have really given the iphone a run for its money is actually trailing . . . here is what i liked 1 ) great sound !
there 's a reason why this is so cheap i should have guessed , but until i find a better one , it will have to do .
i have a few of this one .
you can also do the same connected to your phone . i simply love these headphones and with this price , it is an empeccable buy .
i had to throw away two before i got one to stick without bubbles because they 're pretty thin .
it is a must for business travelers ! ! for the price , buy three ! update 10 12i ended up pinching the usb input so i had to buy a new one .
unfortunetely i had to return it because i had many problems with my nexus 4 and i no longer needed .
brought 3 of these to have around the house .
i purchased this a few weeks ago , as my droid razr has a terrible battery life , and it has been nothing short of excellent .
no , moving to different locations made no difference .
i originally bought this so i could watch videos on my iphone when i travel ( rail or air ) . i rarely used it for that it just seemed too lame to bust it out on a flight .
my issue is that it is to stiff or rigid .
this is a must have device for anyone with a blackberry tour .
a disappointment . perhaps i just got a bad one , as i do n 't notice this complaint from others . update the problem was the phone not the charging pod .
i have purchased countless items from amazon , new or used , but never received empty box .
it may be just my luck , and i would n 't give it such a low rating if it was n 't for the very poor , let me correct that , non existent customer service .
so if you are looking for a product fulfilling that purpose , then move on , they 're not for you .
having owned this exact item 3 years ago , i am led to believe this is a genuine motorola item .
bought this to connect my blackberry torch to my laptop .
they are cheap but not at all cheaply made so let me just make that clear .
i 'm content with my order , but you 're better off buying real ones off crackberry .
i purchased 2 of these for my incredible .
it worked fine for three days and would n 't turn back on .
incredible product and so thrilled that i ordered it .
i have not gotten this part either at my house so i went to the p . o .
three days , always on and still going .
sometimes i even have to turn it down a notch or two . this product would get five stars except that sometimes i get a little static when the battery gets low , but that 's not very often .
they should get scratched over time , and they should peel eventually .
bought one then a second one , i 'm impressed , my phone is by the same vendor and i think it is . . .
i even called them and they claimed it was defective and the replacement was no different .
i have been caught several times using it and running out of batteries .
i 'm only out lt ; $ 20 , so i 'll just consider it a cheap reminder that you get what you pay for .
have n 't had it long so ca n 't really comment on long term but overall exactly what i expected for the money i spent .
i just found it ridiculous that this case got such good reviews initially , so i decided to write this to help even things out .
i just could n 't be happier with the purchase .
for other devices this might be ok , otherwise do n 't bother if it 's for the iphone .
i felt like i just thew three bucks into the toilet and flushed it down .
i 'd recommend it to anyone in a similar situation as mine many gadgets , limited outlets .
the design is good and it would be an excellent product if the quality was anything more than terrible .
i 'm very happy with this purchase .
not worth the purchase and i wish i could get my money back .
i received the unit and successfully paired it with my ipad .
one even told me that i needed to get a case for my iphone this product is so sleek that you ca n 't even tell that the cover is on and is protected .
i have not been able to get the house phones to copy the cell phone books , but i can enter them manually .
i got what i was looking for .
i did n 't wear it all the time , just when i was commuting to and from work .
i was very happy with this purchase .
have had this for a year .
just plug it in and you 're set .
i believe it 's specific to this phone as reported by others .
took this to hawaii so i could keep my stuff safe while in the water .
while these are nice to have , you will find that most of the time you order a replacement screen , these things come included .
if you have a curve get one of this .
there are a few annoyances that do n 't make these superb . first , the bad ; it is true what others are saying about the comfort .
do n 't let that happen to you .
i had it for almost the two years before out of no where the touch screen became non responsive and later the phone stopped accepting any calls .
they stay on and as long as it does its job i am happy .
i have to make sure i charge it every night or else it becomes useless this is my biggest complaint about this phone .
i took very good car of the unit , always kept it in a case and was worn maybe two hours a day on average .
my husband accidentally ran over the first on with his vehicle and i immediately ordered a second one .
it was better and cheaper than the one i had .
this is just one of the best phones nokia has put out in the market , i have had many phones but i still keep this one for emergency and works just great .
i had a h500 but when it stoped working i went to get the h700 and i like it much better .
the rest are in working order still after some time of having them .
i think most the reviews on here are just people who 've had negative experiences . . .
i really do n 't know how people can have it get that dirty that it actually gets stained unless they are spilling their coffee on it or handling it with hands covered in motor oil . so if you are trying to decide about this case , and you take good care of your things , give it a try .
i honestly was skeptical of this case when i first saw it , so i added it to my list in hopes that someone else would buy it and they did .
they sent another model and i 've been using it for four years now .
a little frustrating , my own fault for not seeing that it was exactly what i was after , but also that this is the top result for search that was for a micro not mini .
well at first it did work like for the 1st try then it got bad did n 't work at all i bought for nothing do n 't even buy it . . .
it 's just that sometimes it drops out when i sit my mp3 down and i do n 't like that .
so , nothing really great or not .
on my previous phone , droid 3 , i also had a holster , which i liked very much .
however if you are expecting your phone to be less bulky , do n 't count on it .
i have two of these one for each car .
even in crowded and busy areas i 've never had problems hearing or being heard . if i had any complaint it is the case .
i bought this case a while back for over $ 30 and it lasted about two years .
i believe this on will do the same for my note 2 .
i personally have n 't had any issues with this phone and i highly recommend it .
i found there is no perfect bluetooth and their very expensive so this is okay if the range is the only problem i have i keep it in my pocket anyway .
i was looking for a great deal and i found it .
i had to splice my own cables before i found this for a couple bucks .
so those are my negatives here are my positives . . . . .
i received a similar product with a housing i ordered for my cell phone , so i will not be using these .
i was extrememly unimpressed with this product !
a little flimsy , but i do n 't use it a lot , only when i travel .
so the only complain i have is just that , it does n 't come off easily .
be careful and avoid this one ! ! ! !
after a whole year of owning it , i am going to try elastic and then probably try another one eventually when i can swing it . i can not believe how much i love and hate this thing at the same time !
totally worth the money , it protects my phone in even of the most dangerous situations where i dropped my phone and it also keeps my battery going for days .
the best part is that when you get too far away it gets a little static so that you know to come back closer and then the sound quality clears up .
it does n 't keep a charge nearly as long as the original battery when the phone was 1st purchased .
what i like best is you can close it to turn it off an open it and it automatically reconnects .
it will have to be up to as far as the fairly high price .
it 's so cool , after an hour i ran back to my computer and ordered another unit for my wife .
i have n 't taken the time to read the directions but these things are usually self explainable .
everything is slightly off . . . so . . .
i 've had 2 . i used one set that broke after about 4 days .
i recommend this to anyone , its been very good to me .
i tried other cases but they are not tough as this one .
it has been working for me for months now .
my boyfriend has an iphone and all of his cords were damaged in some way , not saying much for apple , so i bought these so he could replace his other cords .
my last one died and came apart .
i havent timed it but considering it taked my iphone and ipad at least an hour to to charge , time well spent !
they work for both my sisters ( i got them as part of their christmas present ) and they both have iphone 4 so it 's good for those at least !
i never had a problem with my previous charger that broke after 2 years .
the cable seems thin i 'm concern that it might not last as well .
it 's been a few weeks and it 's on there pretty permanent !
bad idea , but gave it another shot with a new one .
also the ear fit is very uncomfortable and i doubt if anyone can wear this product for 30 mins or more .
i 've had it for a couple years and it 's my favorite out of the handful of headsets i have .
i use them mainly for talking on the phone while driving and have been told people do n 't even notice i 'm using them .
i have been using them for months to listen to music while i work on my laptop and they have kept up , and lasted !
while i have not tried a very expensive set ( bose ) i have used a lot of sets from various electronics and sets i have purchased independently .
this is a good charging cord it worked well for my daughters phone and was awesome for her to bring to her friends on the weekend and bring back home
i am still using my first screen protector , and its been three months i had a hard time getting rid of the bubbles , and finally gave up as i followed all directions the bubbles are really small though , and i do n 't notice when the phone is lit up .
i will never ever buy anything from apple , cause i just think their products are garbage .
i have had my nokia e63 for almost three years now .
i purchased this phone to use in europe during a recent trip .
has lasted me a very long time so i give it four stars .
pay a little more so you wo n 't have to worry about this burning your house down .
i am sending it back as i need my phone completely protected , but i wish it worked since it is the only one i have ever had actually fit my arm .
at least i am only out a few dollars .
the only con i have is that it makes you arms kinda sweaty but i guess thats really unpreventable if you workout hard . worth the money , i would defiantly recommend it to anyone , especially women !
the one negative is the antenna cable may be a bit on the short side for some cars , and i keep thinking it 's going to fall off one of these days .
i ordered this as a replacement because my other one is about 2 years old and just wore out .
i drop my phone at times and i need the case there .
i bought this is a gift for my brother .
i do n 't have any real issues with this unit except the volume .
it 's got great touch sensitivity and fits perfectly . if you 're super picky you may notice a weird rainbow effect , and i did notice it once , but i have n 't seen it since and it may have gone away since being on my phone for a while now . i highly recommend this .
a problem you forget it is there .
it 's a bit thicker and sturdier , and a bit longer , than the one that probably came with your phone .
i might replace it with one of these !
i am very satisfied with this purchase .
i had to go online to figure it out since the directions that came with it were poor .
my husband and i use this regularly .
i bought two of these , one for me and one for my girlfriend .
this allows me to remove the drive from my pc with little trouble .
i 'm a lover of all gadgets and always have to get the coolest cell phone out there at the time .
once i got that down , no problem it 's great !
next time i 'll spend a little more for some length .
bought these because they were so cheap .
i sent it back and requested a refund , and never got the refund .
we are very hard on cables and i think we used this one for a few months before losing it , so i would definitely recommend .
so i need a way to recharge my phone and get the most of it until i get home at night . this has been a very good companion .
i received this little gem for christmas and now i refuse to speak into the phone itself .
the only thing i do n 't like is that sometimes i have the play with it a bit to get it to retract .
this is perfect for the iphone because it is known for not being very durable and the screen breaks easily .
but you wont find a better choice at this time .
got them fast within days and fit great my wife and son both used them up quickly i definitely will buy them again the quality is good the thickness is also good time to reorder .
we had it connected to her iphone in a couple of minutes .
it was also not a simple chore to swap them out .
do not buy this if you intend to use it in a car , bus or train .
i thought i was getting a better replacement for my old motorola blue tooth that finally died after 6 years , not ! ! we 've owned several blue tooth and this one is a big let down .
i also have n 't had any issues with scratches and dents , despite regular use , making the think the screen is durable enough on its own . the bottom line is that i would recommend this if you are putting it up to your cheek to talk and wear makeup because it can get gross pretty fast and is hard to clean .
now i just need someone to put on a good screen protector for me .
this product was pretty inexpensive so i had no expectations .
the charge on these seem to last quite a while also but i am sure it will degrade since my older s9 's usually need to be recharged after about an hour of use .
i was n 't too disappointed , but needed a new phone .
i am pleased with this purchase .
i can wear the voyager 510 for 45 minutes or so before my ear starts feeling annoyed with it .
i think i got this for my fiance so he can keep his phone protected .
for the price i paid . . . it is ok , but the tip came off quite easily had to glue it back . . . i would recomend it . . . just be aware tip might come off . . . but again for the price you can not go wrong and it works ok .
all those who gave this case anything above 2 stars is misleading you .
had to return this item for refund .
he has n 't said anything so it must be working ok .
if you are smart spend a little more and get a better cable .
got this for my sprint htc evo and has worked great the handful of times i 've used it so far .
i 'm very happy with this purchase !
what is really nice about this one is that i only needed to charge this every 4 months while keeping it switched on the entire time . i would have to switch it off and back on for it to sync to my phone .
heck , i 'm sold on buying another writing this p
its worth ordering this proven model .
i would not purchase this product off of the internet .
the phones themselves are great , but for anyone expecting to use them with their ipods , this is definitely a problem to consider .
but with every call every one it was unbearable static on my end so much so that everyone mentioned it .
anyhow , my advice is to avoid .
i specially picked this phone because i used to use it in the us with tmobile and i was familiar with its functions .
i was leary after reading some reviews .
great i gave it to my gf and she loves it .
i proved it to my son when he came over .
i 've also worn it for several hours without fatigue .
if you drop your phone it 's a goner .
i bought these first , then i bought a different pair for the summer thinking these would be too hot .
well we had a couple of good stations in the area go the way of the dinosaur .
but i am happy with my purchase . .
i ended up giving this away .
do not put your phone or ipod on it ! ! my phone over heated ! ! ! ! thank goodness it ok my phone . . . .
it took so long for this item to come but when i did receive it i was finally able to protect my screen .
i am very happy that i was able to purchase this at a excellent cost .
i have a hard time getting thing done on my jogs or cleaning house and being about side with out this place i like it a lot thank you for make this place but i wish you could make a better ear place that go around
these should easily satisfy 85 of buyers .
she could leave the battery in her purse and use it those times she forgets to recharge her iphone overnight .
definitely purchasing from this seller again is this one decides to go bad .
overall , an great product which i would buy again .
even if you are to use it in a house .
i unplugged it immediately and threw it in the trash .
volume is definitely loud but can be adjusted , if you want . we are using it w .
guessing they are n 't for people with bigger heads .
considering it 's just $ 5 or less , buying a new one is a no brainer .
then i exchanged it for another one .
the interface is n 't what i 'd call exceptionally intuitive .
i have it over a month and i have only charged it once , when i received it .
i could not ask for better reception .
i use it when i do n 't want to place my phone on my cradle and when i want to connect to my computer .
we purchased 2 of these for our cars .
i use it all the time . . .
still works well enough that i did n 't want to return it .
i spent some time to try to fit it and gave up after the second sheet to decide to throw away the whole package . do n 't bother to buy it .
if it died completely , then i 'd be out of luck .
well after my free phone from cingular broke i was stuck , they were not able to offer me any kind of deal until my 2 year contract was up .
but could always be better though .
the problem is that they are complete junk .
this phone has been really great over the past 14 months that i 've owned it ( i have the blue version ) . i 've not had one problem with it doing anything it should n 't do ( i . e .
you can jam the thing in there but it slowly works its way out over the course of a couple of minutes .
that is ludicrous i can by a new blue tooth for $ 60 . update so now that i 've had to return my order .
as another reviewer stated you have to modify it some so you can attach a charging cable to it .
i switched ot this model from a jabra 47d .
i bought 4 of these because they are cheep and my girlfriend tends to destroy the wire by yanking on it .
a very clever solution if you have a mini digital camera .
motorola was not satisfied with my receipt and would not replace them , so i decided to look at other options .
i purchased this charging dock , went throught receiving the wrong product and having to wait to receive the correct item at a later date .
i purchased this for my lady friends daughter .
will definitely buy again when the cat eats this one .
this is the device for you .
it can be removed and transferred from one vehicle to another .
a great and cheap replacement also .
you really ca n 't get a better price . thanks
i sent it back and got another , which failed again within two days .
we went from zero to one bars to three to four .
i can access all points , w o anything blocking on my phone .
i am very happy with this item .
i read the reviews on this and that is what sold me on getting it .
much need cords but they did take a little longer to get to me .
i figured i 'd be careful enough and kept the case .
i bought this item , and i guess they ran out , they sent me a more expensive samsung model instead .
and i bought two of them , no less !
i thought that i would use them when i wanted to hear music or a soundtrack to a movie when i am at home , but i never do that for a few reasons which i will cover soon .
we put the first one on , and it surprised the heck out of us .
i was having a lot of trouble with my blackberry storm ( version 1 ) . finally , i ordered this battery since mine was going dead and malfunctioning during the day .
my job requires me to take a lot of notes while i talk on the phone .
they offer lifetime guarantees but i seriously doubt i 'll need one .
i am using it full time .
i do n 't know why it went down so much .
downside is you must be close to this unit .
tried many , but this one is only one i can use while driving noisy truck .
actually , i killed it when i forgot where it was and sat on it .
oh well i got a few charges i will have to buy a real one from apple but it was only a buck and change
i got this one since my carrier wanted to charge me $ 80 for a replacement , and the orginal battery die out so fast and it was not any help .
i 've tried this with my wife 's palm pixi as well as used different computers and that failed as well .
it came at last , good looking and the price was good and i believe it is worth the time i waited for it to come to me good job
i think it depends on who ships this to you , but i had great luck .
a little tricky the first time putting them on but once you get the hang of it it 's easy .
i 've had the phone for six months and am completely satisfied .
just returned from a europe trip where i used this to convert and charge my electronics ( iphone , ipad 3 ) and was very impressed . i was concerned it might fry my ipad 3 , but i was assured by an italian gentleman in an electronics store , that it would be just fine , and it was ! so i recommend this .
i guess it works , but i did n 't know that they made them that short .
i never have to worry about not having enough cables now . . .
i would recommend these to anyone ( as long as you do n 't mind looking like tech dork ) .
i bought pretty much . . while . . . it was even hard to the assemble them . . . i wont buy it any more . . . . cheap as its price
as long as the clip does not break and separate from the holster , i will remain very pleased .
ca n 't say enough positive things about this item .
i do wish it did a bit more .
i have never had one to fail .
i got this for my wife .
i was suprised that i could talk on them too .
be careful to know what you need .
it obviously allows you to keep it with its charging cable all together in one spot .
seeing how i 've forgotten my charger the last few trips i 've been on , i can certainly attest to this .
wanted to make sure i liked it and it did its job .
i 've had no issues with people hearing me on this set while i was on the phone .
not much better , but i know it 's not going to break .
i 've always had one of these on my phone .
nice product and i will continue to use only blackberry products for my blackberry phone .
i bought this case 7 months ago , and still in good condition .
i figure the price it 's too cheap and it may fail , however it 's been close to a month now and battery still up running strong .
i do n 't really use the laser and flashlight on it but it 's a must have while you 're out camping or just when you need to use your phone without having to worry about a dead battery .
it does what it was intended to do , and i had no problem recieving it .
however , when it came to my computer , i had to make a couple of attempts .
i 've had several , oftentimes trying to save a few dollars by buying a sub $ 30 headset .
i 've only had a couple times when it 's cut out on me and not worked right , but 3 4 of the time it works beautifully and people do n 't even know i 'm on it !
if your phone will no longer hold a charge than this is what you need .
i unfortunately discarded the packaging so i cannot return the three i purchased .
there must be a company that can make a phone with good hardware and or software ? ? ? i wish it worked . . . . . .
i only had like two weeks .
we are very happy that it came very fast and will always order from your company and will tell our friends the items we order was sim cards and it was not damage at all it come very fast and had not had a problem with it thank you for being honest as trusting
it works very well never had any issues with it , well worth the money , used for quite some time but now have iphone5 .
i bought 2 because the price was good .
i 'm not sure why i have to keep buying batteries for my phone .
just youtube it and you 'll be fine .
but this is minor . if you 've tried a bunch and ca n 't get a good fit , try this one , it 'll probably work did for me .
i would n 't recommend it at all .
i 'm afraid to plug this thing up to my iphone 4s . . .
my wife and i both got these f3 phones , and we love them .
this one works great , but frankly i do n 't understand why that ca n 't design one that is comfortable to wear . once you figure out how it is supposed to be worn , it is n 't too bad , however i can only wear it about an hour at a time .
i 've been using my jabra headset for a couple of weeks and have been very pleased with it .
but if you carry it elsewhere and are not concerned with combining your phone with some essential bits of your wallet , this is really really nice .
i have many sets that are like that .
you have to get down eye level with wherever it is plugged in to read its results because as soon as you unplug it the display goes blank .
the problem is , that i wanted a holster with the case and if the clip breaking off is any indication to the rest of the quality on down the road than just get something else .
i just wish more information was provided before i made my purchase i would have bought more backup batteries .
very pleased with this purchase going to get some spares for sure .
i have the new iphone and connecting it and making my first call took less then 20 seconds .
on another note it did arrive on time and proved to be a reliable product for the limited amount of time that i used it
i have ordered seven of these .
got the first one , loved it . . . worked great with my ipod and my phone . . . so i could listen to music and still be available to answer calls . . . ( i have a basic phone , not a smartphone . ) the first one stopped charging after about 2 months . . . got a replacement . . . stopped taking a charge after two months . . . this is too expensive to work for only two months and then nothing .
i 'd actually be willing to pay up to $ 7 . 00 for it .
should have read he reviews , would have not bought it
i just bought one for my husband and he sound great on it ! highly recommended !
i was very disappointed as i opened the package for this product .
personally , i do n 't think this is something i 'll continue using .
i recommend it for samsung phone .
do n 't hesitate to buy one ! update 4 7 13 unfortunately , i spoke too soon .
i waited eagerly and anxiously to receive my new itorch imp52d and once received , it was well worth the wait .
i do n 't use it much , because , like i said , i do n 't drive that often .
i guess it would suit some people , but i would not ever buy a blackberry again .
today it was not working at all and the cable completely ripped apart . it may be cheap but definitely not worth if only last 3 months .
i 've never had one of these to fail .
it was for my daughter so she can stay connected .
those i 'm calling hear me very clearly .
even if it was n 't oem , i could recommend this for the price , for sure .
for quick casual stuff the clip is fine but if i 'm working or very active the loops give me a lot more confidence and all i have to worry about is that my pants do n 't fall off and i 'm pretty careful of that .
i recently started going back to the gym and used these headphones about 3 times and now they stopped working .
i purchased two , one for myself , and one for my husband .
i bought 4 of these since they were so affordable .
after logging hundreds of hours on this , i sadly had to buy a replacement since the battery would no longer hold a charge for more than 10 minutes of talk time . anyway , here are my findings after having it as my companion for so long pros it is very clear .
what a dumb design ! seriously i know you 're looking for a cheap case this ai n 't it !
it 's for that reason i ca n 't recommend this product since its construction makes it completely unreliable .
my first return experience with amazon will make me less hesitant to purchase items online and more likely to choose amazon over other sellers .
only drawback is that information is lost when unplugged .
perfect size for people on the go and i thought they were great gifts , everyone can use an extra battery for their phones .
tried this with 4 different phone same result .
i just received this product today , i love it .
the only issue i have with these specific chargers vs ones that i got in the past is that they do n 't seem to be held together as well so i 'm a little worried they will actually fall apart before she breaks them .
i ca n 't tell if this battery is genuine or not .
i tried with a v600 as well and again no problems .
but again that 's not really more convenient is it ? frankly i do n 't see a situation where anyone benefits from this device .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 , she has a blackberry bold 9000 . we each put our phones in our cases and immediately plunged them into the water to test to make sure they did n 't leak .
i 've been using it for a couple of weeks now and so far it 's holding up pretty well .
i tore it apart ( hoping to just replace a fuse ) but does not appear to be anything wrong , loose or blown .
i bought one of these a few months ago to keep in my laptop case for tethering my phone and it worked great so i order 2 more .
i owned one of these and lost it .
got this for my mom , because she 'll never go out and get one for herself , ( typical moms . .
after losing my cable i decided to order two , one as a replacement and the other as a spare .
came in yesterday and it is already in her car .
maybe like 3000 mah when new , and much less after it 's been used a couple of times . this is my experience from 2011 . it 's been stored in a drawer for over year , and i found it while cleaning up and finally decided to review it . junk , stay away .
those were on time and it has all they offered .
i wish i would have purchased this case when i first looked at them .
i 'm starting school at berkeley this fall .
i look forward to the ability to keep my devices charged and ready by using this well made product .
have heard great things about this model . .
i 've actually owned a ton of them over the past few years ( check out some of my older reviews ) . most of them were cheap sub $ 30 headsets .
i imagine that it will loosen up over time .
i found this to be comfortable , and without any side effects .
have one of these that i cart around with me .
till this day it still holds a charge after sitting for months at a time .
i am guessing it worked , as i do not remember throwing it away .
it 's okay , i think this is gonna fall under the category of 34 ; you get what you pay for 34 ; . only had to use it for a day or two because that cellphone broke .
we 'll maybe if the battery lasted longer .
i thought this would n 't be much of a problem but i recently had a problem where i did n 't have a computer on hand to charge it overnight , but i could have easily plugged it into a wall .
the article comes in optimum conditions , i work very well and am an opportunity for when you want to connect it to the internet , likes and clear , i i recommend 100 percent , thanks .
when it finally reaches the point that it really looks bad , then i 'll just buy another one .
i did n 't believe it , so i figured , i 'll pay for that and when it does n 't arrive on time i 'll get my money back for the shipping cost ( i mean come on , it was 300 miles south of me ! ! ) . only 12 hours later the package had come 300 miles onto my doorstep .
i 'm using this in my 2008 honda civic .
we cannot proceed with your order without some action on your part .
call it what you want but if you even drop your phone once the case will crack .
the menus are sometimes slow to respond , delaying as much as 2 full seconds ( does n 't sound like much , but it can be irritating ) . overall , i 'd buy the phone again without hesitation , but i 'm an early adopter .
i gave this case away or else it would 've just collected dust in my drawer .
i 'm not sure if a thinner case will do the trick but it is annoying having to take the case off everyday before bed and putting it back on in the mornings .
i decided not to put the case back on , once i was able to get it off .
this set does exactly what the product was meant to do , and they are necessary for taking apart my blackberrys .
i charged several phones through it on a daily basis and thought the next one would last just as long .
my friend always had music on his phone and was listening to it all the time .
i ca n 't speak to the charge length because i still have it on it 's initial charge after about 2 hours of use , but it looks like it 's going to be a big improvement over my old model .
you almost have to have the phone 1 ) within about 6 feet of you and 2 ) have it on the same side of your body as the jabra .
she 's happy with it so that 's all that matters .
for now , i will keep this as a backup .
i have noticed just today after owning the headphones since 11 11 10 and using them daily for several hours a day that the bluetooth connection has gotten even more tenuous .
listeners ca n 't tell that i 'm driving in my noisy truck !
you can never go wrong with this purchase !
did n 't cause any issues and was only noticeable when the screen was off ( dark ) .
i do like having the extra antennas though so i can keep them on different vehicles in the household instead of having to remove them when changing vehicles .
it 's a little shorter than i anticipated but does the job .
when i first got this headset i was very pleased , but then i started having a lot of problems with the battery that do n 't last long .
does exactly what i would expect .
but i do n 't stare at the item enough to care .
i have no problems with this item .
of course i would recommend , specially for those who does n 't want to expend a lot of money in a case .
it does what it needs to do , very pleased .
i thought to come write this review because it is the 2 year anniversary of me buying this phone .
overall a solid product that will keep you mobile .
when i turn it on it pairs immediately without fuss unlike my past experiences . i bought the holster for it so i do n 't have to constantly wear it but have it at hand at all times .
or thow it out and buy a new one for 200 . they say they do n 't make the cs70n anylonger so you have to buy a whole new unit .
the 2 weeks i had it pluged in , it never gave my phone a full charge , i drove 63 miles with it pluged into my phone and yet still did not fully charge it . guess you get what you pay for . so if you want more , then you 'll have to pay more .
people barely know i am on a mobile phone .
always good to have some extra .
maybe it 's better that you watch a video or something about how to use it if you have not seen someone do it before .
so basically now i have to charge it every time i want to use them . . . i do n 't recommend this product . . .
i doubt it will fall apart though . . .
if i call them , there are no issues whatsoever .
does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again
however , overall i am very satisfied with it and would highly recommended .
i would buy again , great price .
i 'm amazed people love this so much .
i can walk a good 10 20 feet from my phone and there are n 't any problems .
i am a grad student and take a lot of notes on my ipad notes .
i have no complaints and its from samsung so i know it will work with my phone .
i 've had many a call that ask me if im on a land line when i 've been on my voyager pro .
i should have know better , but the price was so incredibly low especailly having originally purchased the correct cable from nokia 2 years ago for fifty bucks that i felt , even if my phone was not listed , hey , it could still work , right ? wrong .
i would have given it a 5 but unfortunately i have service thru t mobile and where i live i do n 't get the best coverage .
i got this to go on long trips with my wife .
they are superb if i am in a noisy environment and i want to listen to stuff .
this product is a life saver .
we had to play around with it at first to get it working properly .
that does n 't bother me at all , but it would n 't be a good presentation if you bought it as a gift for another person .
not anything as strong as the apple that came with our ipads and iphones but they did last a couple months and fair to the cost .
i could outsource that stuff i guess .
the flashlight is a little weak but if you 're in pitch darkness , it 'll still get the job done .
so when i moved to a soft phone , i had to give up this gem .
the only catch is that it can only be active with one device at a time , so you have to disconnect release it from your cell phone , before you can successfully use it with windows or mac .
i 've owned 4 over the last year ; a jabra , a motorola , this one and another plantronics .
i can see myself packing this into my work bag and always having it in case anything needs a boost or is on its last leg .
try one out if you have signal problems at home or in your office and you may be pleasantly surprised at what this can do for you .
but it 's cheap enough that you can easily buy another one , or two at once .
then again , when you hold it , and realize just how light it is , you should n 't expect great results .
plan to get another one for our second car now .
i only bought this because of the heavily discounted price for my old 3gs .
was here right on time . wall adapter what i expected and works well but dose not have quick charge as this ad states and that was the , whole reason i chose this chager so that is horribly disappointing and inconvenient . . . . .
i did n 't like this case at all but sold it on fb to try to get my money back sorry .
i simply use it when i work out and thats it .
i purchased two , one for me and one for my wife .
this one is set to one below highest but the sound is great .
if i get another i 'll probably go with the kensington one but it is n 't as compact .
first , it 's not very sturdy and did n 't last very long before it was broken after being held in my pocket when i 'd go out .
if you are looking for a pair to use while jogging or other sports related activities , these are not the ones for you .
i could n 't ask for anything better for my 3g iphone .
that would be more convenient since that 's what i have in my car and all 30 gadgets in my home lol .
so light , you can wear it for hours w . o .
honestly , i was a bit hesitant to order yet another replacement screen but my checkbook said buying a newer iphone just was n 't an option . ( amazon kindly refunded my money , btw . ) on sunday i placed my order for this screen replacement .
i have a ford fusion and honda accord .
so far no problems , it charges fast that is what i need it .
i purchased five wireless headsets around the same time for my office workers .
it 's a pity its failing , and i came looking for a new version , but there is none .
another gentleman who gave this product one star said it all for me .
the fit is not tight but that works just fine for me .
if i had 1 wish it would be that they would be just a notch louder , but their pretty loud as is .
i 'm not sure how or if the tip can be cleaned .
ca n 't go wrong with this purchase .
considering the cost , i was surprised , and now may return it .
i will try that soon and report back .
i use one at work every day , so i got one for home too .
i probably would use more for an ipod instead of a phone .
it was also a cheap price so that does n 't matter too much .
and also the cord is long which is a plus for me !
i purchased this to use at work .
i have had this product for at least 3 months . my cell several times alerted for chargingnearly dead and i charged it for 15 minutesand the battery would be on half or 3 4charged .
my first reaction was that the material is thinner than others i 've installed .
used this case for about a year before upgrading to my iphone 4 . it served me well , and did n 't start deteriorating until about 10 12 months in .
my main reason for buying this was the length , price you can never have too many of these around .
this is actually one of the first ones that i have bought and still performs like a charm .
i purchased this for my grand daughters phone .
can not complain in any way about this purchase .
i think it would be better if it was flatter thinner . led light may or may not be useful but why not .
they function , but be careful with them . . . and if the newer ones keep coming the same as the new ones i got . . . do n 't plan on using your touch screen while charging your phone . . . and if you use a droid . . . you know you are almost always charging .
i have paid much more for some of the others than i paid for the jabra bt 8040 but so far my jabra is the best .
mine never went bad , but i left it plugged in all the time .
so i would not recommend that route , especially given the price ( around $ 15 ) you can get the real one for . keep one at home and one at work .
i had to throw it out because i saw no point in keeping something that does n 't work .
could be . this was tough to review because it 's hard to say if anything useful was happening .
then i tried to turn it on .
so instead of returning the extra pair , i decided to try them out with myblackberry 9700 . i have to admit , i was quite impressed with the sound quality .
one of those moments where you wish you would have just put in the extra money the first time .
bought one for me and another for the wife .
but if that is what you are looking for , then these are for you .
it has just about all the features you expect in a phone today too .
i ordered one , recieved it , and it would n 't even register that it was charging , so i did n 't get to test it .
i purchased the motorola s9 about 2 months ago , and it worked fine for about 1 month .
usually if i adjust it a little , it gets better .
i asked a friend if could hear me ok after we finshed talking .
you 'll get a lot of compliments .
i bought three of these on sale and love them .
i love the fact that the cords are already built into the product !
the last time 1 month ago , they sent me a refurb phone , well it was about 3 weeks ago .
it worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely . .
allows me to plug in and lay comfortably on my bed while utilizing my product .
right now i use a motorola from costco that 's on it 's 4th month .
i also am buying a bunch of tiny usb 's as gifts for xmas and ran into these with comments , and spent 15 mins with it lol !
and after you take it off and put it back on several times the case begins to damage .
and , even though i am connected to the device , when the caller answers , we ca n 't hear each other . . . . it is n 't really connected . so , this is useless
you have to be careful with it , but it is going to work out .
just recieved and it works well with my 8120 however this phone is n 't used anymore on my house . . . .
purchases to fit my iphone 4 and it was wonderful .
there is only 1 3 air bubbles that got trapped in , but i am sure if i check out youtubes video , they may show me the more appropriate way .
initially , i did n 't want to spend what they were going for , but then i saw this cheaper , basic model , with just the price i was looking for .
the price and shipping was okay but i would n 't pay more than what i did for this product .
i would suggest not buying this .
i had my first one for over a year with no sound issues .
the quality of this product is a lot better than those that i have previously bought .
buy this and save some cash .
all the others i have tried hurt my ear after a while but this one never does .
it worked fine for a few days then i had to change to cord . . . . . . . . the charger itself working fine up to this point . . . . . . . . . . rather than send it back i bought another cord from sprint for $ 19 . 00
the first one lasted 9 months for me and i am hard on the phone !
i never grew fond of the idea of putting the phone in my pocket . i bought my holster on 4 26 13 and , despite the many negative reviews , i am pretty sure i have bought the new and improved design .
hope this would last as specified .
i had the original palm pre and found that this is one of the best chargers for all of my phones since then .
i looked at this item in a couple of stores , but there was no way i would spend almost $ 50 on a case for my phone .
i am happy with the product .
can be used on multiple apple products .
the only thing is that you need to be careful when you use it , is not unbreakable .
i had my first plantronics phone of this type 8 years ago .
ca n 't go wrong for under $ 25 . i bought this when it was $ 40 and i 've been very happy .
unfortunately , her motorola razr is such a dinosaur , i 'd have to special order it from the actual manufacturer . here 's the surprise part . . . . . . i just moved and finally found my kindle .
i 've already purchased a 2nd one for the other car .
i would recommend this product for anyone who wants to tether anything with the ability to add a strap to it to anything else .
this is exactly what i was looking for .
they realized i 'm the type of person who buys cheap crap hoping it will perform .
try them , you ca n 't go wrong .
so far , no one is able to tell when i 'm using it or when i 'm talking into the phone . my wife and i have the same phone headsets , and we 've used them together without any interference .
i got this for my aunt and she loves it !
for the first hour when my husband called me it sounded perfect . . . .
id say purchase a cheaper product like this .
the case did not fit snug enough and i thought that was a defective product .
i had 3 units til instead of returning tp cingular .
and both my wife and i have no problems using it .
if you are n 't in a hurry , buy a bunch of these for your expected needs , as the oem ones fall apart after a year or 2 .
so it had to be sent back .
however the complaints kept coming in and it got to the point callers were hanging up on me .
i will make my iphone from scratches .
i can not tell any difference from the ones that come with the apple products .
purchased because i telework from home a couple times monthly and this product proved to be a winner .
this little gem is going to travel with me all the time .
i changed the battery in just a few minutes .
if you tend to drop your phone , this will save your phone for sure but the case will break .
people have no problem hearing me or i them .
i highly recommend this , especially if you want to use it while riding your bicycle !
great buy ! ! ! even find myself using it ! ! ! yup
after being plugged in for one overnight cycle it was ready to go .
about a year and then it died .
just buy their products if you want a good case at a good price .
i own an older lg model bigger for guys my size . . . .
my only advice is to be certain you are purchasing this directly from amazon and not another seller .
i do n 't think this will last very long .
i just needed a cheap little cover for my original iphone that we were letting the kid use as an ipod .
luckily nothing was broken during the process .
i 'm a road warrior who logs a lot of time traveling .
about as thin as can be and still work to protect in case of a drop .
i , like many cellphone users , was really excited when this product was announced .
i am a person who likes to keep my phone in the front pocket of my jeans , and after the first attempt i knew i was getting myself into months of wrestling with this thing . if safety is your top priority , this is the case for you .
these things are cheap and crappy but for the pennies i paid for them , i am happy .
i drive a jeep wrangler and it has a pretty vertical windshield so i do n 't have this problem .
they replaced it with the correct battery and i have been using that one now for over a year with no problem .
i still use them often every time i work out .
basically , it works . now that i 've had the jabra awhile , i wanted to update my review .
on screen the battery resembles the one that is in my phone but i received a completely different battery .
i read most of the reviews on here before buying .
no pc where she is , so i tried to download as advertised .
price is great , works great , i can go all day ( and i use my phone for work and social life , and i 'm on it constantly ) even by the end of the day , still has 50 battery life even after all that .
i replaced it with this one .
great i have two or three that i keep in my computer bags and at home !
this is an excellent divice , i have order several within 6 months for family and friends who wanted to take mine .
the sound is n 't as good as i might have thought .
this one does not have that problem .
bought this for my son and he has not complained about it , so it must be a good product .
sadly to say it will be used as a back up due to being replaced by the motorokr t505 . if you are leary about trying this . . . just do it .
bought this for my daughter for her phone and she loves it .
in fact , this is the second one i bought ( one for me and one for my wife ) . this is great if you have a cell phone that holds mp3 music .
he had allready paired it to his blackberry .
i 've tried testing it by shaking my head slowly , and if you do n 't find that sweet spot , it will flop around your ears .
when unplugged all my radios return to normal .
i had a blue pair that i bought at marshalls . . . . but my son chewed on the absent mindedly and broke them !
they sound was far better than expected . i confirmed this personally the next time we were together .
i have n 't checked to see if i can access pictures and music on the phone yet , but at this point it is meaningless .
i think i paid under $ 10 for it but do n 't quote me .
controls are a bit confusing but acceptable .
the only real con i had about them was that .
boy , that was a huge mistake .
i guess that por the price you 're paying you 're getting an ok product .
buttons were a little hard to feel out until you 're used to it .
i know the blackberry curve is n 't the newest phone on the market , but maybe like me your existing case just fell apart or simply was n 't getting the job done .
i have one for my iphone 4s and my fiance has one for his iphone 5 . works well with either one , would recommend this to people with iphones !
often times you get a product like this and it 's a let down when it does n 't work so i 'm stoked that was n 't the case with this and it actually does what it claims to do .
and i as i was writing this my 16 month old daughter pulled it off the phone sooo they are n 't that sticky either .
it does n 't fit my phone and now i must return it .
got this to go with my tablet or smart phone .
i had always loved this phone , it provided the opportunity and do not hesitate .
buying this totally beats having to pay to have your screen replaced everytime you drop your phone .
most chargers would have broken by now .
that turned out to be a big key in how much i liked the case .
not really a problem for me but buyer beware .
first you ca n 't keep track of it .
i tried it on two separate cell phones and it did the same thing on both phones .
this is easy to change once old one gets all dirty .
this is original and cheap so why buy china versions but it is not the same as the original one for the galaxy s ii but it will work with it as i have tested it and works the same .
great price a great place of great place to do business with .
loud and clear ! ! i had some friends over and all agreed that this are some great speakers .
we did n 't mind waiting 16 days to get the product since it only cost us 99 cents to purchase .
mind you it would be on charge the night before .
i got this case one and loved it then got it a second time and it was a total piece of crap .
nothing special as long as it is working , and it is . no complain .
but the damn cover would always peel in few months so good they are gone !
this is so inexpensive that i order two !
i do keep it in my vehicle and it does n 't get moved around or handled very much .
ca n 't afford to be offline for as long as it will take to get this replaced . to be fair , i have used several plantronics headsets and they were all great . . .
i bought this for my wife .
i have not had to recharge it in a while .
so i usually end up turning it off , which is unfortunate .
however i decided to pay more and go for a motorola replacement .
at lease not with my iphone .
my old one would 'float' once in a while and not charge when i thought it was , which meant i could n 't use it the next day until it charged for a while .
i would recommend looking elsewhere or try out the motorola finiti .
i was disappointed because i expected better from motorola .
i travel frequently , and on long trips and the extra power comes in very handy .
amazon wo n 't return or exchange since it 's over a month old .
i am however a bit disappointed in the design .
i tested it after receiving it .
my only thing is that it does n 't automatically sync with my phone and i have to sync it every time .
so i got this one as a replacement , it too stopped charging after a year .
i was happy with this purchase .
it can be used for just about anything .
a very good one at that .
hahaha . . . lol ol ol . . . there are 35 reviews of a $ . 84 bag of straps ! , well i am the 36th time well spent reviewer lol !
more expensive versions i 've never had an issue with .
i personally sold many of these working in a wireless store for well over a big one , so for the price it is an absolute steal .
the same day i got this my phone was kind of stuck in it and without thinking i was madly pulling at it .
my curve is now happily alarming me again , and only needing to be charged once a week or so and that makes me a happy camper !
must have if you want to watch your ipod videos in big
did n 't give 5th star because fit could be a little better .
payed under $ 14 . 00 for this brought for my son great product , wish i had brought one for myself because the price is to crazy now
but his product has been lasting very long with trusted reliability . now after 3 1 2 years , though my iphone has been upgraded from 3gs to 4s , i am still happy with the holster and i went abroad with them several times with confidence .
but when i finally got them and used them . . . i never had a moment of regret .
it was n 't really an issue mostly because i am familiar with small electronic repairs but it would have been an added value .
i 've been buying these headsets for several years , recommending them to friends and associates and now i 'm buying them as gifts for the headset challenged .
people say they can hear me just fine which is a nice surprise since the microphone is nearly impossible to detect .
the ear speaker is loud even to the point that i do n 't have to have it on the highest setting .
thank god i did n 't blow up but something could 've happened to my phone .
the only problem is that i always forget where i put my phone !
do not get for modern smartphones .
i purchased three of them in 2 weeks .
i 'm using these on my sprint htc hero smartphone .
but if it were just maybe 1 4 longer and the belt clip just slightly more loose it would be perfect .
this sits in my wallet and it 's there when i need it . . .
i really wish it would make it a couple of weeks on a charge .
i can walk away father than the next leading one and it does n 't fade out even thru some of my thickest walls
they are super stylish and i can share them with my sister . )
the whole unit basically just opened up on its own and could not be closed again in a way that it would stay closed .
i have been warned off of low quality products lots of times and since i buy a lot from amazon i 'm better off for reading them .
i like the way it fit my cell phone , and i like the colors it has .
since the microphone sits directly in front of my mouth the caller can hear me just fine and many times they do n 't know i am in the car .
i just got it , so i cannot verify the performance of the battery , but knowing that i wo n 't have to throw this away in a couple of years is worth it .
i bought this for my fiance to use in his car .
the will disconnect with out line of site .
my only advice is to be careful using them because they will probably break over time .
i would n 't want to use it in a bedroom . if you 're looking for a reliable hub , this is it .
i bought extras to have on hand , and i 'm glad i did .
do n 't see any problems with reception so far .
always good to have an extra one .
now i do n 't worry about dropping my phone as i move when its clipped on my belt .
i actually bought two i liked it that much .
i got this on the recommendation of a friend .
do n 't waste your money on these because if they do work when u get them , they will quickly break and or mess up your phone if u try to use it while it 's plugged in .
i have one for my car , purse , office , laptop and several places in my house !
i only had this a few weeks before it broke !
i 've had it on and off the phone several times and it 's never ripped .
i usually keep one in my bag and one in my vehicle for use when i 'm out and need a quick charge .
after purchasing this product , he has n 't had any problems with his cell phone .
first let me say i travel a lot .
it 's says this device is not supported it took about a month fir this message to occur on both my devices but i 'm sure it 's a waste of money .
i carry it with me when hiking and when planning to be away from chargers for more than a few hours .
if your car does n 't have bluetooth this item is a must .
i 'd bought these same headphones from a different buyer ( as well as this buyer in the past ) , but the ear cushions kept falling off with make them uncomfortable .
i am getting another pair of the 500 's to act as a backup for many hours of listening .
so i 'm back to using my motorola h710 . i had forgotten what a good fit it was !
i got this product for my husband who is a professional truck driver at a very resonable price i might add .
buy two because you will really like them .
this is the original product , not a fake imitation .
in that time ( during which the phone was never dropped , bumped , etc ) , i 've replaced my phone twice , and hers once .
should be included in every htc sensation purchase and if it was it may have beaten the iphone 5 ! too bad htc
although i do cringe when it happens .
lasted 3 months , lucky i have two ( charge one , while using the other ) , the units last only for about 2 3 hours of use , hardly good for all day jobs . like the fit though , but these items need to last the day .
do n 't waste your time on this product .
i bought these today at walmart , and they are terrible .
i tried with multiple types of phones , and it just does n 't cut it .
it makes a great holiday gift for anyone male or female .
i was really excited about this !
i generally will have a corner lift after a few months , but with as cheap as the covers are , it is no big deal to apply a new one every few months .
i purchased this as a gift and the recipient likes it .
your life as you know it is in jeaopardy if you havent ordered this case !
it was just not comfortable , but with these all is great now .
i put the battery in a drawer for almost a year before using it .
even if you would n 't normally use media on your phone , you should object to this because of principal .
so there 's never a mystery about whether it is on or off . i highly recommend this device for anyone who uses the cell phone while driving .
this is a useful tool in any modern office and i recommend it to you .
i set it up with my new 3g iphone , and let me tell you , it is a great product and a vast improvement over 1st one .
these work with my galaxy s ii for charging from the many computers in my life two at home , one at work , and one in the car .
my cousin got this phone , and has had 2 replacements and has never had it wet or even abused the phone any .
my brother gave me a jabra for christmas .
i can still answer calls from my cellphone as well .
great deal and exactly what i was looking for when selling my nexus s phone but wanted to sell it with the original power cable .
but disappointing because my previous phone did n 't have a camera , and that 's why i purchased this one .
they hold a charge for months it seems , i keep them as back ups .
this is my fourth consecutive motorola phone .
it 's come in handy so many times , especially for people whom travel a lot for business or pleasure .
after i recently bought and tested an arcadia , i realized that this would make such a great little gift for the holidays .
they must be so floored by the idea of wireless technology they have n 't actually tried using it for a real conversation , or they have n 't actually tried to call another person .
so far very pleased with it .
i called my husband to test it out .
i 'm getting another one for my wifes car now !
i will update if i have any issues but so far it has done fine even when unplugged for 12 hours
i 've owned and used several different models over a couple of years , and the 510 is hands down the best i 've used so far .
i tried a different case that was a little loose .
it 's not an extremely quick charge , but we have n 't had any issues .
got it for emergency used when i was working in a very harsh environment !
i can jiggle it around and get it to charge every now and then , but for the most part it is finished .
i ca n 't say that i have them but , in the summer , when my employer ( thank you employer ) allows me to dress very casually , the clip sometimes presses into my skin .
the worst thing is getting dust on these and i do n 't know what to tell you about that .
the buttons are awkward , the power button is sometimes fickle and do n 't let even the slightest bit of sweat or moisture hit them .
this product worked perfectly and i 'm 100 pleased with the item and the price .
the keyboard works perfectly even if it may seems a bit tight at first .
i returned it to amazon for a refund and will buy another voyager 510 .
so i came across these by complete accident , read the reviews , and immediately ordered a pair for myself .
maybe a good buy if you need a charger you could lose or damage for a camping trip or something .
i currently have two of them .
go ahead and save a few bucks with this battery .
this battery was the perfect one but the phone it self was the problem so i had to get a new phone .
in fact , i could n 't keep it on without constantly adjusting it .
now that i received the order , it is very different than the first one that i ordered .
i have dropped my phone on the ground , and it was not hurt in the least .
i thought i orderd the wrong product when i received the package .
i will update the review if it degrades quickly or if there are any other issues .
i just plugged into my usb port on my macbook pro and have never had a problem with it .
i will try returning them for a replacement but i do n 't see why , as the design just is n 't very smart with the headband cracking in the only place that is under stress .
and when you try to get rid of those things , they do n 't glue the same as the first time so it gets all messy around the corner .
this will be going with me when i bike ski etc . if you need a huge battery on the go , look no further .
it works great and was exactly as they said it would be if i needed one again i would come back
i have to unplug it every time i finish charging , being scared that it might get burned .
i have tried pairing it with a pc and a laptop .
i used to have this phone long time ago , i bought this for my dad , but the only problem i had is its hard to hear when you call someone over the phone i ca n 't hear them .
when i first read that , i did n 't know why it matters .
of course , for the price i was n 't expecting much , but i was quite suprised when i got it .
my family always moans when i try to hook something up to the tv , but i had this hooked up before any of them had even left the room yet ( which usually takes about 15 seconds ) . love the cable ! edit ( 1 24 11 ) i just bought another one of these to keep in my desk at work so i can playback my hd videos from my flip minohd at work .
i have had mine for about 2 years now and has always worked great .
i took these on a trip to china and had no problems at all .
i live in nyc and to say it 's noisy at all times of the day night would be an understatement and i had no issues hearing every call clearly and louder .
i got these for crafts but never used them . at least when i do i 'll be looking good white these colors
i tried other ones and they were either poor quality or too expensive .
no complaints , they work great , and awesome price ! * * updated review * i bought these again 5 13 i have a note ii and it takes along time to charge . .
i got so fed up that i stomped on them and threw the remains into the nearest trash can .
i 've been using this over 2 years now , i 've changed 3 phones so far and tried 5 more other chargers and this is yet the fastest one .
i think this product is exactly what you see in the picture .
i was using it with a verizon gz one so that possibly was an issue do n 't know if anyone else has had this problem .
my phone was still there and i wipped it off and it recieved 0 damage .
i 've owned quite a number of car chargers in my lifetime and have had minimal reliance on them .
also as this unit is still new to me , i will write updates as i put it through its paces .
the only time i need to talk hands free is in the car .
i do n 't see that happening ever !
it still works perfectly and i have had it for like over a year , i think .
in short always buy this product to protect my iphone .
used one on my 8900 and another on the wife 's 9300 close enough fit that you would have to be pretty picky to notice .
no problems yet of any kind .
at most it will stay on my head for 10 minutes .
i dropped my iphone in the rain ant the mail box and went to work , i realized i dropped it and went home 45 min past .
i really enjoy using this phone .
they wont tell you this when ordering hoping that you will pitch them more money . . . they are also a little on the large side .
i needed a longer cord so that i did have to sit so close .
we very much like this device .
it clearly is a generic but there really is barely any difference .
i was n 't even getting half a day with average use and it was taking around 8 or 9 hours to get a full charge , which was n 't right .
i purchased this for my son who has an android phone which he is constantly plugging in to recharge .
i had to trim them a bit , they were difficult to install , and i did not end up using them very long because they ended up making my phone look kinda junky .
you just do n 't see great style and functionality combined very often these days . i 've been so worried about running out of battery on my iphone 4s that i actually used to panic .
people on other end do n 't seem to hear it , so i just deal with it .
the headset tends to get confused sometimes then you have to wait til it dies before it will reset .
i will just assume that it will work for a long time . highly recommend
i have two one for home and one for the office .
love that i can use my own earbuds i like to switch them out if i 'm exercising so as not to mess up my good pair . update i used the 3030 for a while , and it always worked as it should .
with free delivery the price is nothing and you can afford to get a few .
got it probably about a month later .
the product was what i was looking for , a little delay on delivery but no complain , a lot more cheaper than getting it at any retail , so the wait is so worth the wait .
a big plus over the motorola h700 i had before that was always falling off .
i would highly recommend this to anyone with an iphone . the holster style belt broke in august and now i have to buy another whole unit even though i only need the holster .
long and short this phone works great and would recommend it to anyone who wants an alternative to blackberry or replacement of a blackberry .
but if you 're not at that right angle , forget about it .
some said that it 's an appie product , yeah , maybe from other salers .
we have two blackberry phones and what i paid for the first holster at the phone company store i could have purchase three of these .
i have n 't used it much yet , will update review after using for a bit .
i was disappointed in this product .
i got 3 of these , and i wish i ordered 2 more .
this was the cheapest one i could find so i went for it .
i 'd rate this zero stars if that were allowed .
the one they gave me with my phone broke the first trip i took it on , but this one i got on amazon has been working great !
i ordered a pair of these .
the only thing that kept me from returning it was that i lost the receipt and i threw away the box !
i did n 't listen to that advice .
i purchased my case in april 2009 and was very excited to receive it .
i have tried some other cheap front shields that have bubbled with this so you might wanna watch for that .
however , i was using these at the gym where i do sweat a lot .
i 've had it for 5 months now , and i 'd have to lower the rating to 3 stars .
just buy this , like right now .
it is also the only one that i found that can work with two phones at one time great feature .
i broke my original cord so i had to buy a new one , this one worked perfectly , i had no issues with it
but the big problem is that it 's stained .
ill change it to five stars if it survives another year of my use . )
i 've had the unit for three days .
i am not a talkin on the phone person , so my call experience with this product is minimal , but , the little time i did use it so far , it worked fine .
i absolutely love this stylus and plan on purchasing more so that i can have more than one on hand .
i really thought i would n 't have to buy another charger for a while , but it looks like i was wrong !
people sometimes complain that they ca n 't hear me well .
when it announces it is connected , if two of your devices have bluetooth on at the same time , you do n 't know which one it is connected to because it does not identify the unit it is connected to . overall , though , i like them a lot .
i do not recommend this product for any price .
i do n 't know because i 'm not that hardcore into sound quality .
might even get the blue too if my opinions do n 't change in the next few weeks . * side note i use my phone very gently , this is not the case for people who are rough and tumble with their phones .
i let it charge over night and it 's ready for the next day .
not much to say that has n 't been said already .
other then that it really is fine i sell these at my job that are the same quality for 30 $ or more so really its not that bad .
the laser is a lot better than i was expecting , just like a normal laser pointer , although i do n 't really have a use for it personally .
not to mention that if i 'm not at my desk and the phone rings , i do n 't have to rush back .
the battery is always at exactly 83 capacity when i wake up to it , even though it was previously at 100 earlier in the night . it would irritate me more if i did n 't have a car charger for my phone . update on 10 24 11 i have bought several of these now so i do n 't have to keep moving the dock with me from one room to another when i want to charge .
you ca n 't go wrong on this purchase .
bought this case years ago and never reviewed it , but i used it for a long time with no issues .
if i come across a need for the laser pointer , i will let you know in a future review .
the cables are very thin and i think they just wear out after a while .
plus , great price , i have no complaints .
pretty nice device , yes it sucks that the outlets get taken up when you plug it in , but its not like you need it on there for ages , you just need to see for a short period of time how much power that particular device is using and then take it off .
next day popped it in my hero and off to work . battery stayed strong the entire day .
if not for those two things i 'd rate it 5 stars
i bought 2 of these for me and my wife , the price was just that good ! granted , the price is just too tempting , i do n 't like the sound quality ; it 's just too distorted muted .
i had to buy another usb cord because i became very frustrated with this
the length was not what i wanted but i needed it fast and cheap .
lastly , i without a doubt will not be forking over upwards of 30 40 bucks per phone in order to toss 3 more devices on this silly invention .
i bought the straight versions when i was using a droid x .
i could wear these all day long with no irritation . its also somewhat important to consider that these had taken a good amount of abuse over the years .
just a guess . . . i do n 't leave home without mine though .
we tend to have too many of the same usb cablessitting around anyway , so it 's easier to just use what we 've got . overall , i 'm quite pleased with this device and will recommend it tofriends .
this was a while ago , but it is good .
i do not think they the best for an active person .
these are good if you do n 't need a long cable .
i use this thing every day .
it may be a fluke , but that was my experience .
i do n 't do much talking on my cellphone so that might add to the time between charges , but i easily get a month on a charge leaving it on 24 7 . if i turn it off over night ( if i remember to do so ! ) , i can go about 2 months between charges .
i bought this for my daughter to use on her vacation cruise .
after the replacement it has had a much longer battery life and does not require constant charging like it previously did which is very nice .
have ordered from this supplier before , will definitely do so again !
i have to say this was the best money i have spent so far .
i bought 3 of these and 2 broke within weeks .
you need to use your own .
not sure what to attribute this to .
no complaints or problems . ( personally i wrote another review in the wrong spot since we had diff phones and diff colors i f $ up )
you can never have too many of these laying around .
not only for the car but i also use in my office and at home .
then they do n 't try to reconnect on their own .
this was my second purchase of the same make and model .
and if you have small ears , like i do , that are close your head , it does tend to draw them out .
we love the quality we get on he other end .
i 've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and i truely love it .
i 've used it when i 've been in a noisy car and while standing next to a noisy construction site and people could hear me just fine . i 'm going to contact blue ant and see if they have any fixes for the problems and i 'll update this post after that .
i even use it on my iphone too .
i returned the headset today after i had to end my call on the way home after 20 minutes .
i bought it not expecting much , but it has far exceeded my expectation .
i compare headsets by pairing two of them , putting one in each ear and switching between them while on the same call .
this keeps the cord from getting in the way . price competitive with generic chargers . cons the blue light is very bright at night , but it is necessary to be visible during the daytime . ( imo this is not a big enough negative to remove a star ) extra thoughts i liked it some much , i bought a second one for my wife ( htc rezound ) !
i hope i can get my money back , which is mostly in shipping .
the only thing preventing these from a five star rating , in my view , is that both of the samples that i used fail to adhere in one small corner ( different phones , so it 's not a phone issue ) . still , i would ( and will ) purchase these again .
go for the scala 500 i just bought my second ( lost my first ) and it 's the best on the market .
i ordered a second as a spare due to the low price , but really have n 't needed it .
i have owned nokia phones my whole life .
i never go flying without it .
if i could have given this product zero stars , i would have .
after reading all of the incredibly positive reviews about this product i figured i 'd give it a shot and buy a pair .
this is my second voyager 510 . the first one i had was great , but the charge was n 't lasting anymore , so i ordered this as a replacement . . . . very disappointed with the clarity of the unit .
never have i been disappointed with their products . buy one for a gift and buy one for yourself .
this item has been being used for the last 6 months and works just as good as the day i got it .
i also use it in my car because the car charger does n 't work when the car is off so i have this with me for times when i need it and do n 't want to keep my car running .
when the phone rings i just pick it up to answer it .
i ordered them for a trip 3 weeks ahead and these cables still did n 't show up .
then it began to take longer to charge until it eventually conked out , which is why i normally like to wait before submitting a review .
very pleased you have it so cheap !
i bought it for less than $ 5 and gave it a try .
i think it was a pretty good buy .
do n 't be fooled by the smaller size .
totally useful , it has n 't let me down , no matter how often it 's been tossed around , from car to car to purse n back pack and more . love it , buy it , use it over and over it 's certainly long lasting .
product is as good as it was advertised .
i just wonder about the locations i tried this in a house in the country and an apartment in the city ( this apartment has clear dead zones ) . my feeling is that this really does what it claims to if you are in the optimal environment for it .
i never had a problem with people understanding me on either .
it is very convenient for traveling because i tend to lose them .
i ca n 't compare the touchscreen to apple because i have never owned an apple product .
but do n 't actually sue me i ca n 't afford a lawyer .
the best part of this is that i did'nt have to lock in under another contract with t mobile and when the contract is up so will my business to them .
i was pretty disappointed in this .
it prevents you from having to get another case or modify your existing one .
would not waste my time or money , recommend looking else where for a more dependable cord for my iphone 4s had high hopes after reading reviews but alas , its not worth the time and effort to order another to risk it failing and having no means of charging my phone .
they 're really uncomfortable after about 10 15 minutes .
good quality , i am glad purchase this product it good as it comeit is rock ! ! ! !
i found it could charge my phone about 1 . 5 2 times before needing to be recharged . i like having this around for emergencies , but i still prefer just to have batteries for my phone to swap out rather than have this plugged in at some point throughout the day . ( i use a samsung phone with swappable batteries ) .
these things are ajoke they do nothing for the phone but for the price it was a fun thing to try .
i have used it extensively with both my cell phone and my cordless phones at home with the same problem .
i do not have a problem driving in the car now nor do i feel like i need to cup the ear piece as i occasionally did with my motorolla ( prior to losing it ) . if i had to buy it again . . . i do n 't know if i would invest so much in this headset .
any future earloops , they tell me , will have to be purchased for $ 2 . 50 each ! the sound is great but like others on here the fit leaves something to be desired .
i thought it was my provider when my calls got dropped consistently in the same areas on my drive to from work .
i had this item for a while before it finally went on me , but it was do to wear and tear .
that was solved using a trick i found on youtube .
i bought this for my mom for her iphone 3gs .
the only reason i rated it 4 instead of 5 is that i think it 's priced a bit above it 's worth .
i am a bit disappointed that t mobile and motorola do n 't have more choices right now , as i would have been happy to buy them .
i really have to look close to be sure that it is charging . that being said , i seldom use these except for when i am traveling mostly because of the way it fits .
i am very satisfied with this purchase
the batteries seem to last about 8 hours total before dying .
i only recently replaced my 500 ( battery gave out after a couple years hard usage and it would n 't hold a charge ) with a 700 , which i loved until it made an unscheduled trip through the washing machine .
only issue is if i want to take my phone out and put in a different case i will loose that protection .
i rated 1 star because there is not less
i 'm finding sound quality to be excellent , both for me and for folks i 'm talking to .
i will stick with the trusty voyager 510 .
they do their job , and that 's what i needed .
do what i did and just buy extras because you cannot go wrong with the price . latest update 3 25 2013not a good investment , they all failed within a 6 month time
i was also able to use it to install a new rom on another galaxy s that was having problems .
i 've had the mifi for a week , and am completely satisfied .
i 've had mine for almost two months now and i 'm happy with all aspects of this wonderful powerful phone .
i think this is a great phone .
there is no battery that can resist , let alone the iphone 's .
i used have one of this earpeice 2 years ago and i lost it , so i ordered this since this is much much cheaper than my previous one . different from the previous peice , this item came in with extremely cheap package and it 's sound quality is worse than my previous one .
they feel very cheap , but for a penny a piece , hell i 'll risk it to get 7 working )
this is the best product i have gotten for my cell phone and i have had many of these blue tooths .
i saw a refurb for $ 4 and decided to try one .
it took a little more than two weeks for these to come in .
i received these as a gift , from my amazon wish list .
i have to admit i felt a little awkward at first trying to wear them on my head correctly but i got the hang of it quickly .
that warrants more than 3 stars these days .
this one is a no brainer . . .
i love the fit , and the sound is great for me and the person that i 'm speaking to .
so buyer beware , but this is a good one .
he would not change it for anything he loves it .
i should probably buy one at target although they 're really expensive (
i keep one in my car , at work , and at home .
at first , i was a bit leary about buying one of these , because i had heard that they were never loud enough unless you were in a very quiet place .
grab it before i head outside .
this case will do the job ( and the price was right ) but i wo n 't miss it when i finally replace my phone .
had to stop using it when i upgraded to iphone 5 .
my review . . . first of all the phone itself is excellent .
i bought this to put in my car as i am on the a lot of rural roads with poor service , and i like to stream music off of my phone .
i 've been using it for a month , and the capacity still lasts two days , as opposed to my stock battery , which would not make it through a round of golf without dying . it is not small .
then i listened on different phones .
it has surpassed every expectation i have with this company as a previous user of their products .
i usually had to stop 3 or 4 times to re insert them when mowing the lawn .
i have owned my zn5 for three years and i still love it !
also , a lot of people have mentioned that there might be a chance of scratching the screen since a bit of pressure is required .
so far i 've only had this mount a few days but i 'm very impressed .
i can walk all over my house while my phone is in one spot , and talk without any interference .
the case might get a scratch or a lil dirty . . .
i recommend this item to anyone who has apple iphone 3g 3gs . . it last very long and has a great price and excellent quality ! !
i 've had others try as well and they could n 't get it to fit right either .
we got this phone for my wife 's aunt last december .
and if i stick my phone in my pocket it cuts out to the point i usually get frustrated and shut them off and use my loud speaker .
even while i 'm using my phone it will gain charge quickly !
this is n 't a bad thing though it is still plenty light enough that if you have it in your pocket it does n 't feel like your pants are being pulled down .
i have been looking at this phone along with the touch and blackberry devices and after 2 months of research i finally bought my tilt .
took a while , 3 4 weeks i 'd guess , but was worth the wait !
i just got the treo 650 through pre order the other day after using the treo 600 for over a year ( and 4 replacements . . .
i am totally satisfied with this purchase .
well , hubby waited too long for my taste , so when he forgot his phone one day , i opened these up and stuck it on his bb myself . if you watch which side you start with , these things are klutz proof .
it paired right up with my iphone5 , which is nice because the last one would have occasional trouble ( although i assumed it was the iphone , it appears it may not be ! ) . this was a great purchase .
my daughter saved up and purchased this for herself .
if you do n 't drive a very quiet car , like a bmw or mercedes , then users may complain that they ca n 't hear you and ask you to pick up the phone .
it has never let me down .
i was relieved when i received it today because this cable really should be thrown out and replaced .
i have n 't taken them off yet !
ihave bought 3 4 of these keep them all over the house and my carrying bags . . great price as well . . ithink i have lenty for now
why would it be advertise as a new battery when it is obviously used ?
if you 're someone who typically charges their phone out on a table , this may not matter to you as much .
not sure how it can be messed up , but the iphone i had did not recognize it and begin charging .
gave it away to someone that seemed to like it fine .
so i got this one and little did you know i had more life on my blackberry then i ever did before , and for the price well i had to have it , it is cheaper to get this things on amazon
overall it will work for what i need as i only need it when i wear a black belt , which is not often .
this is not good . this product never worked as advertised . when i plug into computer i get this warning on iphone and i quote . this device is not supported by iphone so i thought hmm maybe they are not telling the truth ( iphone ) so i left it hooked up for 6 hours and it did not charge 1 . the company contacted me after last negative review i gave on this product .
even if you only use it for a handful of minutes , you 'd be better off purchasing a prepaid card in whatever country you have traveled to .
hi , i do n 't know about you but when i drop some serious cash on a new piece of hardware , i want to make sure its protected 100 of the time .
i could cover it if i needed to , but turning it works .
i had it for about one week then it stopped working , then again you get what you pay for , cheap !
i wish it only stayed on while the device was sitting on it but . . . . .
i suspect this battery is not new .
i already had one of these that i got for myself and loved it , so i purchased a second for my wife .
i am a college student and definitely am on my electronic devices a lot , and carrying this around in my backpack has saved me many times .
this one i got for lt ; 10 of the cost less than $ 4 ! ! ! it took 2 weeks to come in , but definately worth the wait ! ! !
but for 99 cents ( when i bought them , i see they are $ 4 now ) the price absolutely ca n 't be beat !
as i was unpackaging the product , i was already pleased by it .
so i ca n 't really complain much .
great way to take your smartphone to the next level .
just do n 't expect it to last forever .
it shows it this way in the pictures and even on video reviews i 've seen .
i have the itouch and it goes well with it . . . i ca n 't believe people would give it a bad rate .
we 're letting this one die with over 400 units left on it because it is basically useless .
i 'm not sure what other options there are out there for verizon cell phones , i recently switched from tmobile , but im sure you can do better than this phone , good luck .
this is really the way to look at it .
this allowed me and the caller to compare sound quality equally while in a variety of environments , and from both ends of the call .
it is a great product that i highly recommend and many people have been impressed with its abilities .
saved me some dollars to spend on other moto products .
this is obviously very nice when you do n 't have the time or want to keep it plugged into whatever device you are charging .
that was a little less than expected .
i send them back to maximo and they send me a new pair .
i do n 't know what happened to mine but it got a crack in it and the plastic disinegrated on me after about 6 hours of use out in the sun .
first off , i have had this product since 2007 and was fortunate to catch it at a great bargain ! ! since then , i have not had one problem with it except when i forget to change the batteries ! i have been able to successfully pair and use this keyboard with originally a samsung i760 , then a htc touch pro 2 and now my motorola xoom tablet .
i tried for hours to do the same thing using bluetooth and it was a mess . . .
i have to use one hand to push it against my ear each time i want to use it .
love it ! ! ! plus i got it super fast , i order another one first , while looking thru pages for covers , decided to order this one too . .
maybe you 'll have better luck , but for the price luck should n 't have anything to do with it .
but if that 's not an issue , then both are equal imho .
you ca n 't go wrong with this product .
as of now i have no problems with this product .
when i initially bought the phone , i had it for only a week and a half when major bugs started showing up .
we were very happy with this !
i listened to my music for a while without any interruption . the major downside for me is that you need to keep your bluetooth that you are using close to the speakers .
i was able to use this on my iphone and my daughter 's ipod .
i 've purchased several of these and they 've worked perfectly .
however , it does look very similar to the genuine product , so if you really care about how it looks you can pay a little more for this one . i already had many cheap knock offs and wanted a genuine cable which would not ruin my iphone ipad 2 with repeated usage , so i sent this one back for a refund .
the cord fits very snug , i doubt it would just slip out .
there are also a few things about it that really annoy me .
i was opposed to paying this much for headphones but decided to give them a shot .
i just need to make sure that whatever i put on does n 't keep it from fitting in its charging case . . .
we bought this to have an extra during a trip overseas .
i take notes for work on my ipad .
i went to the apple store thinking that something was wrong with my phone however the case was the issue .
i can play my mp3s or pandora from my phone or laptop and the sound is much better than i would get on the original device .
i 've had this for about a year .
i ended up throwing it out , do not waste your money because it is more difficult than it is worth you will be frustrated and your phone will have bubbles all over it .
i started dropping calls and the people on the other line said i was fading in and out when i was able to talk to someone .
i recommend it for any iphone 3 user .
what do you expect for the price which i ca n 't complain about .
but all in all i like them .
i may have the same problem with this one as the last if the cable breaks away from the plug .
they served me very well everyday at the gym .
i have only had this itorch imp52d for a few days and have recharged my iphone 5 a couple of times with it .
be careful if you 're particular about your case and want it to fit snug on your phone .
it keeps my phone protected but it already broke and had to be superglued when i removed it for the first time to clean off my phone .
only bad thing to say is that you are required to put a minimum amount of words on here .
i bought this in hopes that it would help keep the cord situation under control in my car .
great operation with my wife 's and my iphones as well as my moto razr phone .
unfortunately this is really the only reasonable option .
but apparently not so much anymore .
i bought this item on ebay ( refurbished , brand new but out of box ) and it is just amazing .
i plan to buy another for my other car
otherwise you can probably live nicely without it . jerry
never . . btw the speakers are loud ! ! i liked it .
other reviews stated it was a short cable but when i compared it to the one that came with my captivate it was only shorter by an inch or so .
i love how one can use the chargers with any device , only changing the tips .
if you consider how much it is for these at stores ( $ 20 dollars ) this is a great product .
it seems all of the new non data phones are garbage ; hence i 've been switching phones as soon as possible with my verizon contract .
also it was very uncomfortable , my ears hurt for a day afterwards after wearing it for that long .
so far been using it over two weeks now and no problem 9 27 13 friday am here .
i got this item for a trip to peru .
i was wrong , i even bought another for my sisters ipod
this is unwanted but i suspect most cases do this .
looking for a different item this time .
after 30 minutes the tips of my ears can become sore which i am learning to cope with .
one was a gift to me from my gf and then i gave her one .
all things considered i would buy another .
i would feel unsafe wearing these outside , around the pool , or even just in my car traveling with them to hotels and such .
i 've been searching for months for this package .
it is not perfect but it does many things well .
overall , its good enough for its price ; but i would n 't have mind paying a bit more and getting a better band .
i certainly get money moneys worth out of them .
if only they had it for 4 's and 5 's ! ! this case was one of the biggest reasons i did n 't upgrade my phone for over two years .
i liked the case very much but i no longer have the phone so the new buyer that bought it from me and the case .
no other connectors that i have do this so i have ruled out my phone as the problem .
although , when you want to change cases make sure you do n 't want to use this case again because i had to basically pry mine off with my keys to get it off .
mind you , i am a very gentle user .
battery life is way longer than i had expected ; i have owned these for a couple of months now and have only had to charge them twice .
it is also much more comfortable than them and easier to use ( the others can be a bit clumsy ) . i suppose that , overall , i would prefer the sony to both of them .
ok , so i went thru hundreds of reviews on this product and simply decided i would give it a try for myself .
that being said , i should have just gotten the other one .
i had just enough power to be on hold long enough to request assistance and confirm my location thank god .
just for those who might want to know , i have a blackberry storm .
so , after seeing so many people with this one , i broke down and purchased it .
you have back ups if you mess up applying the first , or second , or third , or fourth , like me .
there is no reason to look for a more expensive one .
i use this all the time .
that was not the case with the first one .
it is an opportunistic way to cash in on the 5 needs without providing a quality or usable product , and severely misrepresenting this .
six months later and no permanent scratches and i work in a rather dirty environment .
once glued back it 's been fine again .
when calls come in , i only need to touch it to answer .
i would recommend this to anyone wanting a good look for their phone .
just a waste of money since you ca n 't use it .
i do recommend these , again , if you 're not looking for anything particularly long ) .
a definite bonus ! ! ! if you are as hard on your g1 as i am , then this is as much a must have as the screen protectors are
first time i got it , it was not working .
if you ever need to switch your sim card do it yourself with this tool do n 't pay some $ 10 $ 20 when u can do it yourself for a fraction of their price
this cord has not caused me any problems in the year i 've owned it .
if the case will be put inside a briefcase or purse , then you should probably reconsider .
i have purchased several of these cords and they do n 't last long , so be aware you do get what you pay for .
i normally use it for around 10 15 minutes a day during my commute and need to charge it at least twice during the week to keep it going .
it was cheap enough i was n 't really upset .
well i just got my voyager today and im using it its nothing special like the volume could be a little louder .
it also came with a screen protector that i have n 't placed on , yet .
the only con is that the buttons are n 't as responsive as i would like .
i think it is a wonderful product to have in an office environment or hotel conference room where there are a lot of people there that may need their phone charged during a short time they will be there .
all i need to say is that the price an the fact that it works is enough for me . . . ca n 't go wrong !
i would think by 2006 this problem would be corrected .
when we can have music my guys can listen to their music and i can get my podcasts in .
my longest use was 6 . 5 hours and i have not yet found out when the battery will die .
i will update this review once i get it to work ( or not )
do n 't waste your money on this .
i had no problems with it .
these are the ones that should be on everyone 's list .
if you are hard on phones , i would recommend this one .
i love the case and it came 2 days early but there is some gripes i have .
if they could make a longer version it would be great .
i like it cause it is small .
for iphone owners who travel , an external battery is almost a must . i bought the new trent imp70d ( the old one , not the upgraded one ) and last year and it 's permanently in my luggage for when i travel .
the battery life seems pretty solid to me , i talk often and have n 't had it run out during any 24 hour period ( it gets recharged nightly ) . it connects quickly , and once you get used to the buttons using it becomes second nature . bravo , and great price too !
simply awesome , the best one i ever had , sticking to this one after 1 motorola , 1 nokia and 1 samsung .
excellent for people that want to protect completely their phone .
the color is a little bit lighter that it shows , it is more olive , which is fine with me .
the first one i owned , after a month , lost most of its volume .
it does feel a little weird at first while wearing it , but i was n 't used to wearing something like this .
if you need just an extra charging cord this is not a bad solution but it does n 't do the job any better than some cheaper knock offs .
kind of hard to explain , except for those of you with the phone .
great , great product and the price was amazing !
must buy an extra set now before they run out .
i am glad i bought it .
not sure why others gave it more than one star .
so i went ahead and pried open the cover , which is easier said than done , and shorted the battery for a little while .
do not hesitate to purchase this if you need another cable , or two !
it is armour ! ! ! somebody may complain hard to put off . . . insteads you can protect your prescious iphone more safe ! ! ! worth buying .
this probably is n 't that big of a deal , but i ca n 't imagine it is very efficient because it is not charging half the time .
as i am always looking for that best price vs .
i 've asked for a refund on the one that does n 't work .
i did n 't really care for this one .
i would definitely recommend it to everyone , it is helpful
instead of giving you guys a long review of this product , i am going to give you a summary of this product .
i am a minimalist when it comes to chords . . . i hate having extra length if i do n 't need it .
what can i say they do exactly what they are supposed to do and do it very well
these chargers are n 't made to last forever , and the price is indicative of that .
i went to wal mart and bought them .
great buy if you ask me
no problem with it so far after about 1 month of use .
the mic seems really good no complaints from those on the other end , basically .
the bottom line is the defective part is being replaced and i expect everything to now be normal .
it 's quite large but it 's very light and i very quickly forget it 's there .
so if your looking for a fast charger with a long cord and not to mention a great price , this is the one ! ! update not sure what the other reviewer meant by saying these are poor quality chargers , because i 've had mine for a little over 2 weeks and it 's still going strong ! ! love this charger especially for the length ! !
i have no complaints at all with this product .
it did its job to power a backup phone for a few days while i replaced another .
i had no luck with this .
i throw it in bag and after 2 months still no problems .
i have had to do a total reset several times due to a total deterioration in sound .
i bought some of these in our local mall a few months back for $ 10 a piece !
my original cord split open and i was afraid i 'd get shocked .
i used it on the road with the kids so they can look at their own seperate dvd 's , along with my husband and i charging our cell phones .
the first one barely lasted past the first year before breaking , so i am not sure about the quality of these .
i never used a stylus before , always just used my finger , like most people do .
i 've bought 2 of these now , would buy more in the future if the need arose !
if you drive and you have to talk on the phone , you must have this in your vehicle .
often i get in a situation where my battery is low , but i can not plug my phone in to charge .
i 've tried , i really wanted this phone to be great given all the features , but ca n 't stand it .
i 'm not so worried about the corners , it 's the screen you have to protect !
given the other reviews here , decided that getting two batteries would be smart due to the freshness issue , in case the first one did n 't last as long . ( my original battery was worn out . ) it 's been a couple months now and the first battery is still going strong where before i needed to have the charger with me to finish my calls .
i 've had it for a month now and so far the performance is just fine .
i 'm not at all scared to let my 2 yr .
i got this for by boyfriend as a gift .
i do n 't like the belt clip it came with , but to be fair i do n 't like any belt clip , it does have a kick stand feature that pretty cool but i do n 't care because i do n 't use it .
i almost returned the phone and then found the problem solved when i took off the cover .
hard to get used to , but i was working on it ! this device though , is extremely painful to wear for any length of time .
i see no reason to own this item .
i called motorola and they told me it was guaranteed for a year and to send it back to them .
the battery actually went down than charged .
i keep this in my room and i like to keep it on so that if someone calls me , i can hear the phone ringing .
these are so expensive in the store , and the product i received was just what i ordered .
i order this because i 'm old one finally gave out .
was somewhat concerned after reading some of the reviews .
even so , if i go through two or three of these a year its still a heck of a lot cheaper than one of the other cases i 've tried .
i sent it back the same day i bought it . .
really basic , but great price and a year later it is still perfect .
went through 3 of the 10 that were sent the first day i got these .
i guess i laid them down incorrectly , because they are now misshapen .
so i ordered her two pairs from amazon .
i got this as a gift for my son .
my wife used it to demonstrate to me on another phone how bad . the replacement unit ( i had to pay to return the first unit ) had a slightly different but similar issue .
will continue to use in other areas to see if it makes a difference .
so now i am forced to use the straps , which work fine , but this means i ca n 't take the holster off without also taking off my belt .
i should have read more close .
perfect , these are a must have for any blackberry enthusiast .
i have n 't replaced it , as $ 30 is a * lot * . $ 10 ? i 'm buying two more .
the instructions made it a 2 minute replacement and my bb is as good as new . do n 't wait until you need a new trackball .
picked it up one day and the whole thing fell apart .
protection is minimal but should be fine if you drop it from a short distance .
they never did but it was still annoying .
i 'm no longer using the mount .
this is one of the worst headsets that i 've ever owned , and beleive me i 've just about had all the expensive ones .
i have previously had one of these and after a some years the battery gave out and i tried a different one and it did n 't work very long so i decided to go back to what worked for me .
i 'm waiting for the replacement to come back .
i need more words for this review to go through . .
i use mine primarily with a blackberry pearl and a motorola q and the better sound quality comes from the blackberry , so the type of device you are using with it does matter . still , i received this as a gift for christmas , 2007 , and was excited at the time .
it just sits in my suitcase until i need it .
the difference is i can hear this one with relative ease as opposed to the nxzen .
this type of tool lasts for a few uses before it becomes unusable .
very helpful and took the time to understand my concerns .
i do not see a difference except the price .
exactly what i was looking for .
glad now i own the nokia 5530 !
my daughter and i both like them .
it worked ok for awhile but now it 's not working as good anymore .
received this in about a weeks time .
i loved that one and every time i used it always got the what is that ?
not that it matters , but it does help if you are buying this as a gift .
this is an amazing product , have an incredible sound and the battery is excellent .
i will surely do business with this company again !
it 's cheap enough to buy a few and leave them in different rooms so you do n 't have to constantly move your charger .
i ordered this specifically to match my white iphone .
wo n 't order again . . the second group two years later was generic . .
i would highly recommend for anyone looking for a nice cheap case .
i put this new battery in a cellphone and it was a waste of money .
but then again , they are n 't intended to .
ended up shipping from pakistan or somewhere , ca n 't bother to return it i 'll just count it as a loss and pay more for proper quality next time .
only problem is , i 'm a guy and a lot of people tell me that it looks like a girls case but others tell me they like it
will it be the case for me forever ?
this is my first time owning a blackberry and purchased it for $ 100 , including rebates and plus i was an existing customer .
yes , i would recommend this item . . . it is a must have for your phone . . .
the only thing that is of use and that is why i at least gave it 2 stars was the case itself .
i do n 't usually write reviews this long , but i really am a fan of this product !
i 've never had it die on me , so i 'm actually not sure how long it lasts .
i 've already dropped the phone a couple of times with no damage .
they last about 6 months and it 's thrashed .
it works great , and i gave it five stars , but i do n 't think anyone actually needs it .
i did n 't change it out right away as when i put my old sim card in my new phone it worked .
this was a gift i 've really used and enjoyed .
i read that in someone elses review and emailed amazon before my phone shipped and they confirmed that it would be present .
i only give this an average score .
but t was cheap so o well .
they seem to be almost there , but not quite yet with this product .
sometimes i just want to slip it in my jean pocket .
while reading some other people 's reviews , i bump into r .
bought for my nokia e71 well over a year ago and it still works great ! ! ! much cheaper than buying one at retail store and this one works just as good ! ! would defiantly recommend to others ! !
the metal does not bend as much as i thought it would , even thought the blade is thin .
oh well , maybe in the redesign . also , if you 're thinking this might fit your 1st generation iphone , it wo n 't .
when i 'm not traveling and working from home i spend approximately 4 hours a day either giving webex demos talking on the phone or on conference calls .
i bought this to hold my phone upright on my desk while i am at work .
price was a major factor here compared to retail and i wanted to wait a few months before considering a new phone .
for what i paid for this product , even if it lasted a few weeks , it was worth it . . .
i believe that a very good bacterium in very good state and maintains my service active , i am pleased to the product this in very exelents conditions
i love the price of this charger ! it works perfectly . it looks exactly like the original . i have been using it for less than a week , but i do n 't anticipate any problems . if i have to update on a issue , i will ! try this before buying one from the manufacturer !
now , in less than 3 months , both are failing .
i use it to download from the phone to computer vice versa .
so i folded a little paper and placed it on top of the battery , replaced the cover and solved that problem .
i love it because when i need to add protector that really works .
truely i think i 'd give it 2 . 5 if i could .
once you replace your phone , it becomes waste .
the price was the thing that did it for me .
one of the better ones of the past year .
my previous case did n 't hold up very well and for 4 months i 've been sans protection . being a cheapskate at times , i just could n 't bring myself to spend $ 25 or more for a case ( especially when i was fairing okay with a naked iphone ) . anyways installation was literally a snap .
well , if i could find a hard case for them when i travel i might be a wee bit happier , but a terrific product nonetheless .
i have bought many car chargers over the years for my iphone 4 and 4s for more than $ 10 12 but none of them felt good as this one .
it came in a timely fashion . would buy again !
nothing i 've tried has rectified it .
what can i say you get what you pay for , but honestly at this price i would purchase another as it served its purpose i purchased it for .
this is just a great phone , still works after 3 years of heavy use , the only thing i found not great is the keyboard , but the rest is nice .
if you 're looking for a pair , these are pretty good .
i bought this to use with my iphone 3g .
i have a galaxy s2 and use it very heavily .
needed to get important pictures off of my friends old lg cu720 phone , but the existing battery was defective . was able to pick this battery up for a few bucks and then transfer the photos to my computer . we then donated the lg phone with a good new battery to a charity . a win win for all ! recommended
judging from what i 've seen in other reviews and what i received there is inconsistency in what is being shipped out .
the mount itself however has never fallen off or broken in the 6 months its been in my car .
remember there will always be errors .
i was completely satisfied by its performance .
i paid the same amount at a big box store for my last one and it did n 't last , was n 't clear , was n 't loud enough for me to hear who i was talking to , and it was flimsy .
i know for a fact that you go inside a retail store and but these you looking at $ 100 easy . if you do n 't mond the bulkyness they are a good buy .
i wish i had sent them back for a refund , but i lost my temper . in any case , they were excellent until they stopped working properly .
it 's still as good as the day i bought it , nice and sturdy and really holds any smartphone at all .
i say all because i have n 't tested it will all devices however i did put one in a study room at my university so it gets plenty of use and it has worked with every device that has been thrown at it !
many i have tried worked fine , but the biggest problem was that other party could not hear me ( because of engine noise ) . when i accidentally found this one i gave it a try .
just be prepared that you either need to know what you are doing or have a stock of screen covers available to use in case .
if you are at the right angle , you can read everything and try to figure out how it works .
we ecided that she needed a cell phone , and was ready .
you 'd think after buying something cheap , it would n 't last too long . but this is a product that is the exception to the rule . use it every day , its been tangled , knotted , in a car well over 120 degrees , you name it , and this thing is still working perfectly . must have for anyone who enjoys listening to music in their car home audio system
for any of you doing the same mod i did , it is pretty simple to do but i could n 't wirelessly charge through a case so that is kind of a deal breaker for me .
not quite what i thought they were .
i have nothing but good things to say about this little unit !
i am no expert on these headsets , this is the first one i have ever bought .
if you have one of those , get this unit as it is great .
i have had this for over 2 years now and it still works great .
i used to get one or sometime no bar at my house , but now i get two bars around the device .
i did finish charging it before use and it has lasted almost a week , although i do n 't use my phone a lot .
i had this phone since launch day ( 6jun09 ) and this phone keeps getting better each month , due to the monthly updates .
after a week of fairly active use i have to say that i am extremely pleased with my new treo .
but it works so well , i got a second one to keep in my folks' van too for when i ride with them .
got mine when the price temporarily dipped to under $ 40 , cannot beat it at this price .
i really wanted to love this phone . . . really !
i have a blackberry storm that this works with .
i think this is a problem with the cell phone though .
the only problem is that the first one i got . . . the clip snapped the first day i wore it .
the audio lagged so many times even after a full charge that i was so disgusted and i am returning back this product .
i ask for help on this and got no where .
this is my second one of these devices .
not sure what else to say about a good battery .
we 've had it a month and it 's working great .
i installed one in less than a minute its done a great job .
its sound was n 't as good as this one and the fit was bad .
i would say its cheap quality but it will get the job done .
came very fast and looked very pro each screen protector had its own cloth i recomend this to everyone go buy this asap you can give the extras to your friends or family .
if it goes low enough again i might buy a spare . update 1 2 2012 after 5 months of nearly daily usage in my car i 'm happy to stay it 's still running great .
i do n 't think i would 've paid $ 20 for this .
although i do n 't know how long to keep them in ?
i am having the same issue with the charger that i ordered for my galaxy note 2 . it 's a very thin cord , and also very short .
the way i do my tests is to pair two headsets , put one in each ear , and then switch between them while on the same call .
next morning the battery was half dead already . . . . to see a new battery lose half of its charge overnight is disappointing .
i looked on nokia forum and everybody s complaining about the same issues .
so i took a chance ( due to the low price and free shipping ) and was pleasantly surprised .
so far nothing i do n 't like
the bluetooth connects with no problem to my laptop and phone but not to my year old mp3 player ( old version of bt . ) i decide to take it on a recent weekend outing into the woods with some friends .
the only issue for me is that the volume cannot go up very high .
my car had to get used to it as it is old but after a few try 's have n 't had any issues with it since and it just plays the music on and on now but i will note it does n 't sound beautiful might be my cars speakers though not sure .
it was broken when it got to be the paint job was horrible . i would never get it again
no reason to say about its features , it is more than known and published everywhere on internet , it is simply great !
i think this is actually more comfortable .
and well its really cheap and great . . .
it arrived in new condition and works fine other than the length problem i 'd have reviewed it as 5 stars .
i ordered 2 and find this to be a hugh mistake .
then this product is for you .
it would be a bargain if it were 10 less costly .
i purchased this device and had it stolen on the first day of use .
i had the opportunity to take the itorch with me this past week camping .
worked pretty good for a while until recently few weeks ago kept getting more loose when plugged into phone then just would n 't charge anymore after some significa n 't jiggling around .
i use it all day , my daughter uses it all evening for chatting with friends and i can still use it the following day without charging .
this item came ripped when it arrived and never fit my old iphone .
i just got this from amazon .
i guess i got what i paid for .
but the first two issues are reasons i would not recommend these even if the malfunction is just a bad unit .
if you do this , you will not be disappointed .
but there is one thing worse constantly saying , what ?
we have several areas where we live and commute that we could not get a signal prior to this .
i just wo n 't buy a product like this again
i have used this on just about every galaxy i 've owned .
once you do , you 'll be happy .
the reason that i stick with motorola is that they have been very dependable for me .
for the price , just consider them disposable .
i got this phone yesterday and i m returning it . the phone is just ok .
needless to say , they 're of no use if you have to keep entirely motionless .
i wouldn 8217 ; t recommend this item in white . . . . . it was discolored within one week of purchase .
this is a very old review since i have since replaced this phone , but the griffin case was awesome , just wish that they had other cases available .
realy recommended if you want to remplace your original tool
in any event , i am leaving my two star rating so that others considering this product for their tablets understand the cons associated with it .
it stays pretty comfortable and the battery will go about 4 6 hours .
all these things are the same , it takes forever to get 1 on perfect and you waste them if you 're as ocd as i am about no bubbles or fuzz .
of all the cases i could find to look at , this one was the best .
terrible design . im on the phone a good part of the day and should have known better to not buy a more expensive unit . do yourself a favor and call the manufacturer first and ask about stuff like battery life , how to replace .
i use it with my samsung galaxy s epic . . .
but definitely not a deal breaker .
i got this principally for traveling but also for those days where i 'm not in one place long enough to charge .
really , the only way this thing would be better is if i could somehow unplug it and use it elsewhere without unplugging the original appliance .
i 'm always looking for a way to make my gym experience better . . .
though i do this so i can simply control the volume from my iphone .
i would wait for it to go below $ 50 and then it would be worth buying .
i got this for my father who always forgets his wallet but not his phone .
i watched a short video on you tube then ordered this kit .
i 've had this incipio feather for 3 months now and i like it very much .
ca n 't beat this deal , i bought several .
i do n 't know what has changed in the last 2 or 3 years with blue parrot , but these do not live up the the originals .
this is the third time that i have tried to leave feedback for this item now it is getting a little silly . may i leave feedback on the feedback process ? ?
convenient to have in your car for your iphone .
but the truth is that they 're almost equivalent unless you take pictures with your phone , especially flash pictures .
little difficulty when putting on for the first time , but you get used to it quickly .
the clip is very solid after a month of use .
this is a great cable i use is all the time however if i have to make a suggestion the cable could stand to be a bit longer
i had to contact the manufacturer and it was going to cost me over twenty dollars to send it to them and then i had to wait 6 8 weeks for it to return or one that is of the same value .
or , it does charge , but then twenty minutes later it stops .
i was worried it would be too bulky but it really is not .
this will make my life easier .
this was a very good buy .
i have not been able to break one of these yet .
this one is no different and i 've owned it for about an hour .
i bought it primarily to use on an overseas trip .
i purchased one of these headsets many years ago and was very happy with it .
although it 's my daughter phone and for some reason unknown , it came off .
i bought three of these chords several years ago from this supplier , as time went the need for more arose so i found my way through my amazon orders to find this seller again and buy more !
they could not be used or glued back together .
i received these yesterday so far so good .
disappointed that i could not use it in my car . . . oh well .
use your judgement on that one .
using it with the rogue which i beleive is model u 960 .
i did n 't care though , as long as it did it 's job .
i hear conversations from the patio next door when i have them on at full blast .
it works great havent had a single issue with it like my last usb that was very old .
lol but not a big deal since they were cheap .
the cord , of course , fell apart after the return date so i 'm stuck . i really do n 't recommend this cord .
also just getting it on ur ear is a hassle and it was kinda expensive but as far as static or anything else its good i just hope im using it right well thats all for now .
i 'll wear them at my desk listening to music , but would n 't necessarily want to be walking around in public with them .
i 've taken apart and fixed about 5 iphones with these tools .
all the other cases i tried did interfer .
people i call do not complain about voice quality so must be good enough !
you can stii use the phone but it 's fully protected from falling .
this one is far and away my favorite .
i 've owned apple products for years and most cases cause some problems with docking , especially more protective ones that are thicker , that 's just a given .
i do n 't think anyone makes a long life battery for the old motorolla razr flip phones .
this item definitely is worth recommending .
maybe this product just is n 't for me .
in this case , for once , i got more than i paid for .
even if i set the phone for calls and the computer for audio it still wo n 't stay connected to both at the same time which is really disappointing since that 's exactly why i got it .
i am a duck hunter and i take my phone everywhere i go .
since i do n 't use it more than about 1 hour a day , i charge once a week at most . also the size is perfect , i bought one for for my girlfriend who has very small ears and it fits perfect .
that has since come off ( after two years ) . it looks like it was just glued into place so i guess that was to be expected eventually .
it worked fine for a few months but it slowly started to drain like the old one .
i have it all in a box and should toss it as i would n 't resell something that worked so poorly and was iffy at best to work .
it was what i was looking for .
mine give really bad bubbles , but they do the job , and i will most likely get it again just because it is a great protector .
secondly , after i wrote my 1st review criticisizing the product , they called me up saying that they will send me a new replacement charger and i should remove my negative feedback from amazon .
this is really disappointing because i only bought it 5 months ago . prior to that , it had been working great .
i have n 't tried it in my ipad yet , but if there is an issue , i will update this .
you do get used to that . the sound is amazing , i listen to many genres of music but the music i listen to most has a lot of bass .
it would really be helpful if people would list the type of c . phone they have so potential buyers would see and possibly keep looking if c . phones listed turn out to be incompatible .
unlocked and ready to go ! ! ! ! super excited .
i have a feeling that the tip may wear down very easily so it 's a good idea to have more than one on hand .
so i had to unplug and go thru the process a few times . yes the price is low .
both are ok , but not as long as i would like ( i 've had to recharge mid day a few times . 1 1 . 5 hours of talk appears to be the limit ) .
just wanted to leave a quick review .
the second two were cheapies bought here on amazon .
there 's not much more to add to what others have already said .
that 's part of what makes it work so well , but if you want the compromises inherent in the tiny designs , do n 't buy this . update after another week , i 'm still totally excited about this product .
this is really a better product than i expected .
the previous one we bought from amazon quit on him ( the wires were exposed ) . i got him this one , and it still works till this day .
if one puts the cover on correctly the first time , they do a decent job .
i odered 5 pieces of it ( 5x3 15 ) and it would take me awhile to finish it off .
will buy again if ever needed .
yeah , somehow it 's exactly like that .
i 've bought nearly a half dozen of these over time .
i hope the part was defective ; i shudder to think that is how it is supposed to work or that there is a problem with the phone itself .
the next day he is barely discernable and everytime the phone rings , i ca n 't even hear him . we are confused . . .
just buy it and then you wont have to buy crap .
i run three of these at once for my droid and my two blackberries and they both charge fully in under an hour when drained completely !
i got these for my dad and they are fantastic . . .
as long as it is kept clean it does it 's job .
i also have one for trips .
got this for a friend and he loves it he said he can now hear good on his cell phone and he 's in his 60 's thank you .
i have had an lg 700 for a few years , and i love it .
i have had several headsets , and this one has lastest longer than any of them .
took me 5 minutes to so .
this is what samsung needs to find the way to improve it .
i 've never seen that size on any cell phone !
this is product is a little weak , but if you handle it carefully all goes well .
and if i lose it or leave it behind it will not break in the cost great little battery
i got it for free and i want my money back .
my husband also had one that lasted just 6 months .
that 's long time as i 'm used to wait no longer than 3 days paying regular shipment . please do n 't try to buy it on mr . culpepper . com i ordered it there 3 months ago and i 'm still waiting and having lots of hassle disputing that payment with my credit card company .
this product is as described , but i must not have pictured it correctly in my head .
plus if you are getting better battery life and way cheaper battery why would you complain .
i bought these to use with my galaxy tab , and i am not impressed , the sound is ok , but for what i paid for , i was expecting a lot more .
it is my second cover ( for another i phone ) . the first one is a year old and still in good condition .
could n 't have been any better for my motorola .
i got this phone thinking it would be a lot better than it was .
would recommend this to anyone in need of an additional cable .
i took the bare phone to a ups store and they tookit packaged it and sent it on its way .
nothing phenomenal , do n 't expect it to charge in 20 min .
the last one did have good sound talk quality at least , and so does this jabra . so overall , i have no complaints about this product so far . . . 5 stars .
i have owned the eq7 for 3 years and it still continues to impress me .
get it on amazon it is much cheaper then in the stores as well .
this thing fits in your pocket . ( or purse ladies ) , and will get you through the night .
i ca n 't say that it was n 't user error , but they seemed very cheap .
i purchased this for my mother .
i am very pleased with the product and for price you ca n 't beat it .
i read all the reviews and was hesitant to purchase this product due to all the negative reviews around installing it .
we had ordered this for our daughter for her phone .
i would not recommend this item at all !
once i tried it , i am hooked .
i did regular shipping and still managed to get them before christmas even though the emails i got said delivery could be as late jan 17th !
i 've since stopped using this adapter for any of my electronic devices . i ca n 't blame the charger for the sansa 's death with 100 certainty so i 'm giving it 2 * instead of 1 * , but considering i do n 't feel comfortable using it ever again , i 'm not going to give it any higher rating .
they have been fantastic for 11 months until i began to wear them while exercising 3 weeks ago and found that despite their claim of being moisture and sweat resistant they do n 't appear the be able to handle sweat much at all .
ca n 't say the same for other slightly cheaper alternatives .
i even purchased two of these bad boys .
worked perfectly for me when i needed to use it and lke that it includes a carry pouch with it .
my iphone did not came with this item , hence i had to buy this separately . what can go wring with it .
works as intended , kind of flimsy . after 8 months the cable is starting to wear tear and break off . . i 'll be honest i 'm a bit roughbut for a $ 1 . 5 that i bought it for .
would i have made the purchase even if i knew it was n 't leather ?
i just received this for my samsung galaxy s4 and it fit my phone perfectly and i love how it feel when i have my phone in my hand it do n 't slide out my hand and i would recommend this product to family and friends the best case i had so far
i am not paying for shipping it back when it only costs me $ 1 . hopefully they will make good and send me a replacement without me sending this one back .
ca n 't say enough good things about this piece .
i 've owned the new trent imp70d for over 6 months and it has given me plenty of battery life on my weekend getaways .
i decided to test this item before going on vacation .
i had it for about 2 weeks .
i thought it was too good to be true at this price , but it is the real deal .
hi , i 've had this device for about a week now and it 's working very reliably .
if you talk a lot on the phone , look for something else .
also at a great price that you ca n 't complain about .
i put this product in my phone and have not seen any difference in my signal strength at all .
it does the job i guess we will have to see how long it lasts .
i was happy with the price being decently cheap and it does it 's job .
this thing is junk , there is no way to replace the fuse ( if there is one ) without destroying it .
this item was purchased to use with my nintendo dsi xl and apple ipod while away on business or travel , it has worked out great .
i purchased this for my car .
i read the first few reviews and did n 't read any further and now i wish i had cause this thing does not work for the sprint galaxy s2 . wish i had known that .
you ca n 't ask for more then this .
would purchase again no questions asked .
it was super cheap , so i 'm not mad , just frustrated .
i actually bought 2 of these for each car .
do you really need it ? ? i doubt it . .
if you want a feather light really thin phone then you wo n 't like the mophie . i 'm very happy with the amount of battery life i 'm getting .
go for the next model up .
i could use it all day , charge it overnight and it was ready to go again the next day .
just stores it in his bag and uses it whenever he needs .
i have never needed the light or laser but they 're good to have in a pinch .
i ordered this to have a few extra cables .
we are not supposed to have music on many jobs but i can listen to all my favorite shows without any one knowing , and still have an ear free to hear what is going on around me and talk to my crews .
however , i 've been through 2 now and they tend to not last very long .
good news is that i called blueant and they mailed me a replacement the same day .
was exactly what i was looking for .
when i first read a review of this product online , i was quite impressed . . . finally , an ipod mount that would work .
i have n 't taken it off yet .
she has dropped it a few times and this held up with no tears .
at first he couldnt get on it and now he just wont put it down long enough to give it a full charge
unfortunately , i 'm now outside the timeframe for returns and i 'm stuck with a usb cable that 's completely useless . save your money , do n 't buy !
i 've had a clip just like this break on me before and i 'm worried a strong blow against something could break this one as well .
if you need that , buy one that is dedicated to that purpose .
i may do that , one day , but this kit meets my immediate needs .
if i walk a few feet away you get a lot of static .
i realized that i was charging it at least once a day , and decided to get it a new battery .
i do n 't think it 's worth the manufacturer recommended $ 120 , but if you can get it for $ 75 $ 90 i think it 's a good deal .
you just have to make sure you put them on a very clean surface .
i broke 2 within 2 3 weeks of use !
at first i thought i might 've hooked it up wrong , so i unhooked rehooked it up a total of three times , with the same results .
so this was the perfect solution . .
not a good thing to happen while i 'm driving ! i 'm so relieved to find this particular headset .
will see for how long this one will leave .
i am very pleased with this spracht speaker . . . . . it was recommended by a friend . . . . . when visiting my daughter who is a math teacher . . . . . she said that would be great for her class room . . . . . so i gave her mine and ordered another one .
the sleeve protected my passport from getting sweaty and dog eared , and made me feel like i was doing something to prevent random identity theft ( if that 's something that actually happens ) . if you travel a lot , get a few because it will definitely not outlast your passport .
bought this 2nd one as i love 1st one so much .
yhe only complaint i have is that it will turn off in the midfle of your conversation with a fully charged battery .
i bought this product based on all the positive reviews i read , but i was pretty disappointed by the product .
my family members were in need of chargers , so two of them were for them .
it 's too bad it does not come with it 's own cord and power brick ( you must use factory one ) , but you can always order another set like i did so you can have the touchstone in the place you use it most and the old method in the number 2 spot . . . or just buy another touchstone too !
has the lowest quality i have ever seen . i purchased the cheapest i got it .
i was looking for some cheap phones to put in our bedrooms and living rooms .
luckily the price i paid on this was less than $ 5 , so i guess i got what i paid for .
i 've never dropped it or abused it in any way , so i would have expected it to last longer than this .
she loves it it does everything she needs it to do i saved about $ 20 $ 25 off store prices so it was great for both of us .
i use a treo and a blackberry .
i 've had them less than 2 months and already the volume button is broken ( i can only turn the volume down , not up , and half the time hitting up just turns it down so that now the volume is so low i ca n 't actually hear anything through them ) . i suspected this would be the case since right from the start i could hear the buttons ( annoyingly ) rattle while running .
however , one thing that if u r using this one problem there . . the mirror screen is hard to see it when day time . .
very good for someone who travels and needs some extra charge on a long flight or even a weekend camping .
i 've just purchased a second one as the first is showing its wear after a year of hanging on my belt .
we 've been using it for a week or 2 with good results ( and from my research , probably the best results you can get if you ca n 't use a tape connection ) .
so i 'm going the route of being very careful since i like cases like this one . . .
i love that i can hook it on to things to keep from losing it .
ca n 't tell it apart from the cable my phone originally came with .
ha , this was for a phone i had 3 years ago , but it was a good charger .
i always have my phone on me and therefore , always have my work badge on me as well .
but , maybe this would be cheating at t ; ? if you buy an iphone used and connect over at t ; , are you contracted to use the $ 30 data package no matter what ? anyway , i 'm sure i 'm missing data here , because this is not very clear , but i thought it was interesting . . .
has lasted for quite a while , putting the phone in and out for all the workouts .
i had to edit them on my old phone to be six character friendly , then move the sim card to my f3 . this is the only reason i did n 't give the phone 5 stars . overall i 'm just so delighted to have the cheapest and simplest new phone possible .
great this is my 2nd pair bc i accidentally stepped on my other pair .
i bought 20 of these , figuring if they lasted a couple months each , i 'd have years worth of cables .
give or take a little bit .
that being said , i decided that a couple of bucks was nothing much to lose with my experiment .
needless to say i did n 't start using the product until about february after waiting for customer service to send me replacements .
very good if you want to keep your phone protected .
have been using this for 3 years now and it works great . 1st one last 3 years just bought a second one because i stepped on the connector .
it eventually broke and was unusable after that .
not a scratch the battery last about 4 5 hours non stop and keeps a great charge .
of course , i lost it and had to buy a replacement . . . and given all the choices , i got another h700 . do not fall for the lower price of the hs850 . i 've seen prices as low as $ 15 for this model .
being most grateful for this device , and diluding myself that it 's another step in the direction of safety , i 've enjoyed this product however , the battery stopped working and it was never left on other than what was in the manual .
but it works , so i am using it .
let me tell you . . . . . i have now thought to myself how the heck did i live without it ! ! ! since i bought my newtrent device , my uncle , my niece , my mom and and girlfriends daughter all bought the imp500 ! i have turned them all on to it . this newtrent imp500 device would definitely get 5 stars !
had to just throw the whole piece of junk in the trash .
i use my phone a lot , so it 's battery is near death a lot .
had my pre since launch day and its still running strong with no issues but i decided against purchasing the touchstone because i felt it was n 't a necessary purchase .
i bought this for the wife to use in her car .
i bought this item for my dad 's birthday a week ago .
some people might find it more comfortable to find one with a longer cord , but good luck finding one for such a good price .
when i recently upgraded my phone , i stuck with lg like all the other phones in the family , so we do n 't need to buy new chargers etc .
ymmv , but i 'd suggest looking elsewhere .
i feel sad and guilty for ordering this item and causing environmental waste .
does n 't matter how i installed it , i tried everything . . . it still comes off .
i guess this happens with all cases though . . . (
overall , it does all what i need it to do .
for those few times that i need and use this device , it meets my needs pretty well .
works well and at the price was great to pick up a few extras if i misplace any .
i 've dropped it lots of times and it 's holding up nicely .
this phone is pretty outdated by now , but the case was perfect for me .
thinking about purchasing another one for work .
controls are fairly easy and intuitive .
the highest i have dropped my iphone was from over 9 ft high ( i was resting on top of a bookshelf when someone walked into it !
this is the combination that worked for me .
it also look like a new product and i had it within a week )
recommended for most , reservations for some .
definitely worth the purchase , for me .
i work from home and spend 6 7 hours a day on conference calls using my cell phone .
i always like to have a clouple of chargers , so i can put them everywhere , of course this one is for the car and i want it to work quickly , and it does !
i purchased this product for a dive trip to fiji .
holy bejeesus ! ! ! ordered a re manufactured one on sat and it was on my porch at 10 am on mon ! ? ! ? are we still in kansas , totto ! ? amazon is gonna rule the world with this kinda service ! ! ! ! ! been using a new one for 2 years ! ! sound is great , battery life still great .
so when i saw this , i thought we should give them a try since they 're half the price . my son ( 12 yrs old ) first said they were just ok . . . however , after a few more days of use , he said he really likes these . . . even better than his skullcandies !
i super glued it back on , and all is good .
unless you are a surgen , you will tear the first one . . . . . that 's why they come in a 3 pack .
you know the power is on because you turned it on when you got in your car truck .
i will buy another when it wears out .
this is a great product for anyone using personal mobile electronics such as smartphones , tablets etc .
i do n 't see need for instructions .
ca n 't complain too much for 5 bucks but i just wish they would advertise that they are not new .
i do n 't know if it 's related or not but the unit now seems to reboot spontaneiously once every other day or so i 'm talking the full 10 minute reboot too , not just a soft restart .
one thing i really like is that you can slip the case over the touchscreen to protect it if you know it 's going to be in harm 's way e . g . , in the bottom of your purse or other bag for a long time .
this device was wonderful while it worked ! . it quit after about 9 months .
i just try to charge it every 1 2 weeks now before it dies and it is great .
i have a blackberry 8220 that i beat to death on a daily basis and the battery life on it just was dismal .
i suppose it will work in a pinch .
it 's comfy even after various hours , except if you do n 't put it on right !
once that happened if would not stay properly in place and then completely broke .
may not be for everyone , but i like it .
much cheaper then buying from apple and i have n 't had any issues with it .
the only thing you need to do is get the new firmware update which was released in early dec . '10 then your good to go .
so for me it was a total waste of my money .
i have a palmone t3 and i am really having a good time with both now .
perfect for just what i needed .
but you can tell it appears a tiny bit different from the original factory one
i got this battery as a gift for a friend because i got tired of him complaining that his phone would n 't last a half a day at best .
i tried it on two other phones .
good product for the money . havent had any problems with it and is cheap enough to forget in a friends car
needles to say , i have 3 chargers that do n 't fit any of my phones .
i 'm very happy with it . i 'm using this with the htc g1 phone from t mobile .
in less than three months it started to show problems . . .
that is no longer a problem .
what can i say about the phone that everyone seems to want ? the motorola pebl phone itself , is indubitably eye catching .
i ordered them for my husband and he loves them .
i paid cheap i got cheap .
so now i find out that without the original box i cannot return it for a refund , now i have to deal with the vendor and at best , will get a replacement .
glad i could find it for such a great price ( unlike most stores that sell it for $ 15 and up ) .
i did n 't realize the case came apart until i was trying to put it on the phone and it suddenly popped and was in two pieces in my hand .
it worked for the small time we needed it .
it 's everything i wanted in a new cell phone .
i need to have it close for on post you will get a ticket if you do not have a hands free communication .
i therefore have no issues with the seller , who is doing a good job .
pretty pissed that this was happening , but not a big deal since i bought them from a freebie site . . .
i gave a try online and i found this .
just would n 't recommend them for a woman .
i guess my advice is keep your phone in your pocket .
it can also be used with your cell phone .
though they are very bulky so keep that in mind as well !
and u sent three i only ordered one .
i 've had one of these for 6 years , when the cord finally frayed and i needed to replace it .
not gone find it with the price .
got this for my husband but not sure if he uses it a lot .
i can plug my phone into the itorch and stick it in my backpack .
i do n 't know about battery life yet as i only have had it 3 days .
although i 'm still using mine daily , i 'm ready to purchase a new one , and one with a battery is the best , as i simply carry aaa batteries in my car , so whenever this one dies , i just put a new one in on the go .
i have two of these cell phone cases .
simply good and doest its job , nothing more about rather than saying that this product is cheap yet good quality
it is quite a bit bigger than some other competing products but it is a small prize to pay for its superb performance . get one , you 'll be glad that you do .
now do i break it open and hope i can get it back together or toss it ? ? ? i have never had a problem with a car charger in the 10 years i have owned a cell phone , that should tell you something !
i have not used this product yet so i have no idea whether it works or not .
i do n 't use the laser pointer or the flashlight at all , though it 's nice to know i have it in a pinch .
i tried everything did n 't work i might lose money from buying this online .
i use it all the time and charges very good .
i link mine to my ipad mostly , and on occasion with my iphone , either way they work beautifully .
bought these about 3 years ago for about $ 150 . 00 from radio shack , so now the price is right .
i want a device that will turn on when i want it on , not on its own .
he loves it so far has no problems with it .
most people who have seen it seems to be enamored with its design and form factor .
since i had three left i decided to give it one last try .
not sure if i will bother returning it considering the price .
only time will tell how long these will last but so far so good .
will not buy this thing again .
i bought two of them for our iphones , have used them on a few dozen long trips , and they still work perfectly fine .
i 've had this for a about a week and i 'll leave it on this weekend to see just how long it will last before running out of gas .
if one does n 't need the latest whistles and bells , i 'd recommend this reconditioned iphone .
lasted for a fairly long time .
ca n 't complain about the prices which is very good .
i live in texas and drive a loud truck , and i 've been able to use this product driving down the road !
at this price you can get one for all your vehicles and a spare for a back up .
this is one of the best cases i have purchased with amazon and you will not be disappointed with your purchase
would fit if i took bumper off perfect , but i like the bumper on it and was n 't gonna pay for a different bumper .
my kids keep misplacing or losing these all the time .
i keep this one at work , and the one that came with my iphone 3g at home .
i received this 6 days before said , i am very happy with the service and the product .
when i did , this little guy saved my skin a bunch of times while travelling .
i am very pleased to report the battery lasts a long time between charges too , which , i 'm sure , is any buyers main concern .
i 'm glad i own it . update the battery life is remarkable .
however , if you 've already got 'em , its a great buy .
i have had it for almost 2 months and only had to charge it once besides that first time and i use it everyday for 1 2 hours each time that 's good battery life !
i 've had several conversations through both phones and the audio is nice a clear in my ear .
i tried washing and drying them thoroughly , but that only helped for an hour or so .
i 've been using for over a year and it 's flawless .
i switched carriers to get this phone .
i guess you get what you pay for but i wish they lasted a bit longer .
although i hoped the product would last a year intact , i am still pleased with how long it lasted , given the price and considering how small a piece is now unprotected . lots of scratches on the case now and the downside is that friends think i 've been treating my phone roughly , but i think the case just scratches easily .
i never tried the stock antenna , but i will at some point , just to see what the difference is .
if a product has any small issue , it tends to get under my skin .
after changing my feedback above to reflect my displeasure with the defect the seller contacted me and issued a full refund on the unit without me even asking .
i purchased several of these , and all have gone bad .
i have iphone 4 which i use a lot in college .
for some reason the jabra paired with my computer but i am not sure why i can not get sound .
i was going to buy an extra case for my battery , but now i do n 't . )
as i work in retail , i know many of these are already in stores .
best built quality plus basement price , buy if you have n 't yet .
i am not sure if i got a defective product but it is very upsetting to sit in your car for hours and not see your phone recharge .
not what i 'd call a reliable product .
the thing i hate is that you ca n 't see what 's on display unless you 're looking directly at it .
it 's portable and fits in any laptop or ipad bag , and will allow you to charge your device , even if you have to leave your car to go into the store .
using it for 3gs and ipad model 1 , both recognise it and allow the charging to work .
overall i liked it and recommend it .
i have a work and person phone that i need to carry at all times so i was looking for something big enough to hold both .
i had hoped to get away without the loop but i can live with it .
i loved it . . . . it cam in handy when i needed to charge my phone while on the road . but after 4 months it fell apart .
just be careful when using it at first !
i already wore out this exact case over a 3 year period and just bought another one .
the features are the same but a little better .
i do n 't use the flashlight much i use my iphone for that .
when you 're purchasing something cheap here on amazon and it 's not a direct purchase you should definitely read up a bit on the reviews of the vender it will give you a sense of their reliability , etc . . .
the car charger i had previously ( not sure what brand or where it came from . . . it was a gift ) quit working ( i did n 't even realize at first . . . very bad thing ! ) , so i was desperate for a new one .
after trying it for a couple of days we returned it because we were unhappy with the sound quality on the other end . the good 1 . it 's very small and light , and very comfortable .
of course they are much more durable than the original .
the sound is definitely excellent for me and the person on the other end ; the earpiece is fairly comfortable , although i have to move it around from time to time ; the battery is very long lasting ; and the weight is not too bad in spite of how it looks .
plugged into the car and worked the first couple of days .
do n 't know why , but when i do that it fixes any reception problems .
the only thing that he can come up with is that he was sweating because we were having a heat wave in nyc and maybe that messed it up .
the product was what i saw , it is too good for the price , you ca n 't beat this product 's quality , i would recommend this product to anyone .
great charger for the first day and then it broke the next day which sucked because i really needed that charger because my other one broke !
i am still waiting for a replacement to come in .
good service would purchase again and plan to .
i have this mounted in an '09 suburban .
the cords are very thin and they are quite short .
i still have a fmp5202a to use , but have been looking for a backup as well as one that allows me to plug in my choice of usb cables .
from all i can tell , this is the real deal and not a counterfeit .
purchased this newer model to be compatible with my blackberry 8830 . i 've found that this newer model is much clearer than a previous one i owned .
i gave it 3 stars because i was generously sent a bunch of these on only one order .
what can you say about the imp500 ? why did it take me sooooooo long to not get one earlier ?
but this has not been the case .
i 've tried three of these items . . .
will be ordering a few more to have in each room and for the grandkids .
have used them in the office and at home .
just what i needed for my iphone with a case .
it goes away after about a month or two ( do n 't put it in the bag or it 'll bend them back to normal ) . you ca n 't charge and use it at the sametime , which is a bummer . comments the glowy light is a pain and i did alot to try and turn it off because the manual does n 't say a thing about it , and then i somehow turned it off .
on the other hand , for the price and that being the only issue , i would still recommend the purchase if you have a blackberry pearl . j
i bought this for my daughter because shes taken everyone i own .
like the person looking at me needs to be able to read it . ( not ) d .
the cable is very long , so you do n 't have to worry about it being too short .
i just bought it to my mother in law and it worked just great , it 's in fact the original blackberry battery you wo n 't regret if you buy this as a replacement .
i lost my nokia e63 so i purchase this nokia e71 w c are great phone . it 's not atouch phone but very useful and simple to use . i can organize everything from musicto documents .
that would be my own fault for not reading correctly .
i have had the nt70t for a few months now and it is easier the best battery charger i have had for one simple reason i do n 't have to remember anything other the itself . by having the cables built in , it always ready to go and or be charged .
it . s hard to rate it because i have not got it yet and i do not know what the hangup is i payed my bill but no cable yet .
i have the old product and it was good , this one is nice because as soon as you plug your test in and rest the unit , you can view the cost per , hour , day , month and year .
if you sync your iphone often or do n 't mind plugging it in to charge then this is not for you .
throwing them into a small pouch does n 't fix this problem , rather it almost insures that they 'll be tangled the next time you go to use them .
they were however cheap , so i really ca n 't complain too much .
so far he likes it very much .
what i can tell you is that my customers can hear me well and i can hear them well .
these just do not last long . although it arrived on time once we used it it did n 't take long to discover how bad it sucked . i would never order these again !
other phone maker like samsung , you can download similar utilities for free from their website .
i have an iphone and an ipad , and my husband has an iphone and an ipod . . .
it was cheap but the clip broke in less than a week .
i used this all day everyday for at least a year , it never let me down and i 've used it to stream videos . i always used it on long flights and i never had to worry abt finding an outlet at an airport . so convenient i never leave home without it
i received in great time and it was as if brought out of the store . very basic but does the job . thanks ,
my ear was sore till i got use to it .
lots of these available everywhere now and also online for under $ 3 $ 4 , so no need to pay more .
for me , that is sufficient reason to warrant return of this product and purchase of the newest and ridiculously expensive lg tone hbs 800 . i am returning the motorola this week , but i will delay my purchase of the lg until the price becomes more reasonable .
i read a good number of reviews on amazon . com and my choice came down to this , based on the reviews and price . the person was far from disappointed by the gift .
i knew after purchasing a headset that i had spent a little bit more money on than the others , i had to invest in some type of protection for it .
i bought it to replace a pink one that i bought at the at t store for much more money .
it is large but i can live with that . . .
maybe all the nay sayers need abetter cell phone .
i received this item in dec .
i carry many portable devices and sometimes i 'm away from the office or home all day long .
could write a long review , but i wo n 't .
it was not worth returning them but i 'm glad now as they work great with this older device .
if you tend to travel in a car and wind up carrying both the phone and your wallet into places to eat .
the only one reason for me not to keep this unit was the fact that was n 't working properly with my both mobile phones simultaneously . the noise cancellation factor was not a strong plus in this case .
so , design is five star , without question .
the problem has now caused me to be very careful when using the belt clip .
it almost replaces the phone if i could dial from it .
i 'm satisfied and the price is right .
using this sticky pad , it prevents that for me . it is easy to remove if you decide to get rid of it altogether .
i still have two pairs ( only because i threw one pair in a fit of rage ) and they work perfectly .
it still may be a great device .
was very disappointed with this product .
i did get a refund and the sellers were very polite but the fact remains the same . . .
i do n 't care , sound is everything .
i just bought these to use with my xoom , and so far so good .
does the job for what i need it for .
this is a minor complaint for me though as the headset does pretty much what i want it to do and it does it nicely .
i bought this product because i was getting a new phone and tend to drop my phones a lot .
is attractive and was a good purchase .
the only fault is that it really does n 't rapid charge .
this phone is $ 170 in cingular stores ! i like it so far and if i could give it 4 . 5 stars , i would .
i wrapped my tyke 's 3gs hand me down with this and it 's been fantastic .
i accidentally crushed in it a drawer , so i decided to get another one .
i 've also gotta say that the cable is really thick so it is n 't forgiving and does n 't want to lay flat . despite all that , i do recommend it to anyone that does n 't want to pay an arm and a leg for these .
you will probably never see this review because nobody wants you to know what this charger will do to your apple device ! ! it will destroy it !
even i had encountered some problem when returning the device through ups , the seller promply refunded my money upon receival .
i got it after i got the iphone and found out about the awful battery life it has .
it is now 10 00 pm and it is still 80 charged ! ! before , my phone would have been dead ! ! i will keep up more posts .
i do n 't like walking around all day with one in my ear .
flash light looks useful as well , but i did n 't have a chance to use it yet , maybe when blackout or go camping . the battery is very sufficient for my iphone .
i got this for my daughter to use in her car .
i am going to keep this short since i 'm about to go to the verizon store to replace the storm ( aptly named ) with a curve .
pull again equally on both lines and the whole things retracts .
even the extended battery will only give you about 12 14 hours with moderate use . other than what i listed above , the phone is great and i am still fairly happy with the phone . tip try to find any defects with your phone within the first 15 days .
my needs are small ; i 'm not on the phone all that much , but in the car a lot .
this phone case was bought for my teenager who drops her phone all the time and this one was bought to replace another she said its working good so far though
have had this for a couple years now ( not purchased on amazon ) and it works great but it hurts my ears where it hangs after using it for 30mins and is loose too . .
can you really just plop down any cell phone on here and it works , no . i think that maybe the 2nd or 3rd generation of these will be awesome .
a very sensible , bright idea i should say ! but we are not there yet ! the good part the exchange went very smoothly , and the people involved were helpful and understanding ! !
one of the great phone i have ever used .
although that does get a little tight .
and it was pretty much worth it ( if you sign the plan and get the phone for $ 250 ) . otherwise it is a little pricey .
if you need a battery for your old razr , this is a good one .
and it seems that they can hear me as well . but what i like the most is the price .
would give it zero star if possible .
therefore , i would n 't recommend this headphone if you need to use the mic anywhere that might be in the slightest bit noisy .
i tried these on my iphone 4 and the are awesome for the price .
i realize purchasing a cheap case is a gamble , but i never expected it be so bad that it does n 't even fit the phone .
it is exactly what i wanted .
nothing is broken or out of place that i can see and i never moved it but it definitely does not work anymore .
i like the small size though i had smaller .
unless you 're someone who wants real leather you might want try this out .
if this ever drops to $ 5 or below it 's worth buying .
i 've had two of these now .
if you have a child who you want to carry a cell phone , but do n 't want to pay lots of money for all of the extras ( or if you yourself just want a basic phone ) , this is a good value for the money .
i will purchase products with them in the future .
i use it with my krzr .
one for each car and two as gifts .
my suggestion is if orange when being recharged , recharge for 2 hours .
but for the most part , it 's enough to keep your phone alive . ( and that 's mostly what i use it for . )
i only got the ipad cable i did n 't receive this one !
i 'll try to get this to function in my datsun but in the altima it 's a total waste unless i want to kill the hinged tray which for me is n 't an option .
so if yo get this , be prepared to anger your party on the other line .
i put this battery in an original razr v3 and just like that it was like having a new phone again .
i had no problems with the size and having in my pocket next to my iphone .
i find this is the most comfortable option for me .
it makes my ear so sore that i can hardly force myself to wear it ( i have to have it for my job ) and if i get four feet away from my cell , i get static .
i suppose you could take a razor knife and carefully cut these covers off if you want to .
i would not recommend this product .
one for my iphone and one for my ipad .
very convenient to toss in a bag in case you are somewhere that you can plug in to charge .
mine is about 4 moths old .
i purchase this battery as a spare for my blackberry phone .
one of them was broken , and the other one did n 't pass sound would n 't buy from here again .
i purchased two of this item , one for my husband and the other one for myself .
anyways , hope this review helps anyone setting on the fence like myself .
i had to order another cover to replace it .
i used it on my ipad while using the ipad itself , and it worked great .
so happy that i bought one for my in laws .
bought it as a present for my mom to match her purse and she loves it !
i agree that it would be nice to be able to to turn them off though if it 's too bright , just cover over them with a strip of tape problem solved . i am impressed with this hub and would recommend it . note it is actually smaller than it looks in the pictures .
i bought this for my iphone 5s .
it lasts me hours 3 to 4 hours of gaming which is what i use it mostly for .
i read the other reviews and made my choice based on their comments .
i have gotten a couple of these as oem versions for pretty cheap , and i really like this product .
after taking apart i see why .
so far , i really do n 't have any complaints .
turns out my buddy was using a samsung phone .
will keep them as a place to shop .
then you have to buy another
what is the reason of buying it ? ! just another disappointment . . .
if not , they skip for whatever reason . i am actually really stoked about this purchase .
maybe i got a bad one .
the size is perfect for what i intend to us it for .
the biggest issue is definitely the battery .
absolutely cannot go wrong with one of the babies ! ! ! enjoy !
it really did n 't affect the functioning at all , but i was annoyed that something i just purchased came apart on the second use .
this is my second in 4 years .
i 've been using it ever since i got it over a month ago and have yet to charge it , so battery life is great too . . .
two of these broke in less than a year for me .
not a huge improvement , but an acceptable replacement if you need a new battery .
however the otterbox broke after almost a year , but that was fine , because my son upgraded his phone .
i needed another one it looked bigger .
i really liked these at first , the price is right , the styling is fine , the sounds is ok .
the hubby told me not to buy them , lol
so far the quality has been great , a little hard to remove and put back on , but that 's to be expected .
i ordered this product after lots of research , but still without expecting much in the way of it actually working .
you hope when you buy name brand over generic that you 're going to get a little better build quality , but at this price i 'm just viewing it as a lease and just purchased a replacement .
i would have returned them , but by the time i would have gone to the post office , paid for postage , and waited for them to come back , it was n 't worth my time or money .
the biggest issue i 'm encountering is while i 'm out on runs the audio will skip or cut out for seconds at a time and then come back .
this screen protector work great just i change them every 3 months thats why i purches more in one package
shipping was fast the product is very similar to my oem charger i recieved with my lg optimus virgin mobile phone so it does superb with that phone i read other lg types might need a different one but for me this was excellent .
my husband likes this model , but we will probably find a different kind .
i made the mistake of not doing that , i do not know why they gave it 3 stars when they state obvious flaws that make the case not worth having . my case broke after 2 weeks , and i never even dropped it .
i was told this was an excellent product by someone who owns it , so i tried it .
i had high hopes for this device , but ultimately i am buying a new device b c this one is inadequate .
i wear it all day long .
when my wife 's ipod was out of juice and she wanted to use it for a walk , i simply gave her the imp70d , plugged it into her ipod and sent her on her way .
i have not had any problems with this device .
that i did not have with the h710 . i like both colors and they both go good with my original iphone .
i use them with a blackberry curve , and with an ipod .
after less than 3 months of use they quit working .
i was excited to see that they were truly top of the line .
so , this was a worse experience for my listeners .
the cords were a lot smaller than i thought they were .
this one is so light and comfortable , i barely feel it .
one for myself and one for a friend .
they looked good at first , so i kind of got excited about having these extra two cables that i did n 't remember ordering .
i got one for myself a year ago , and it worked well , so i got one for my wife 's car , too .
still they sounded amazing when they were working , hopefully the replacements will be more reliable .
this is a great aid for avoiding mistakes while using your tablet or phone . . . .
it does make the phone slightly thicker , but nothing that would make it a deal killer very small difference . i highly recommend this product .
i have no problems with sore ears as with my other models ( motorola , jabra bt350 and bt800 ) and sometimes forget that i am wearing it .
the review is based on my own tests . * * * i like this product a lot .
we use this for travel and it lives in our luggage most of the year .
so there 's no reason this particular set does n 't .
my phone does have a case on it so this could very well be the cause of my difficulty with this holster .
i thought this item was going to be compatible with my motorola droid razr , but it is not it comes up as compatible in a search and i did n 't notice it saying the connection was mini , not micro .
i bought i refurbished one for $ 9 . 99 from at t ; almost 2 years ago and it is still working fine .
and after trying 6 different brands , buying trying and returning , this one was the keeper .
thanks again for such a nice product .
if turned on but not used , the battery will last up to 22 hours .
pay a little more for a real one .
this is just what i needed .
i just loveee how it look like when i put it onto the phone !
i actually ended up getting a extra piece .
when i first ordered i was nervous bc this product was supposed to be compatible with iphone .
i got my battery pack about a week ago , and have used it a couple of times .
i have no problem with the comfort , since i only use it occasionally .
do n 't care about the weight , although these are very light .
why did n 't someone do this earlier ?
returned and purchased a different item .
i much prefer my grip go , but if you need a longer mount and or one with a bracket then this one isnt bad for the price , just not perfect .
for the price , i ca n 't see how it can go wrong .
this is not a problem at all during other seasons because i have something tucked in my pants then so the clip does not touch the skin directly .
i obviously would n 't buy it again , it was frustrating to plug my phone in and never have it charge .
i bought this almost 2 years ago honestly , and it still charges great !
this fell apart after one use , and the person i called could n 't even hear me when it was n 't broken to pieces .
i have not had problems with these being sweatproof so far .
he said it does what is is supposed to .
i had five bars in every corner of my upper level and did n 't have to worry about hanging out near a window while on a call .
i got so frustrated , i was about to throw this thing out of the window .
this mount is actually great for the first two days .
i did reorder the correct one and i love it
i simply do not understand the negative reviews .
one for my wife and myself . i highly recomend this unit ! ! go get it ! joel
i have worn this on my belt daily for 6 months and it has held up very well .
i 've had this for about a week and have n 't had any complaints from clients as to sound quality .
a little annoyance but nothing major .
my girl friend loves it so much that she never answer her phone without it .
got this and it work but the port is a bit loose when connected .
i love the fact it small enough to go into my pocket and not be too big and bulky .
still has some tiny bubbles that are hard to remove but they are n 't very noticeable .
no concerns or issues at all .
this is exactly what i wanted .
it worked awesome i liked having extra batteries charged ready to go when one ran out i just swap it out
it solves several problems at once and is small enough to not be in the way .
i made about 45 minuets of calls during a total of 3 weeks and my overall bill was $ 176 . so , if you do the math , i could have spend about $ 13 american dollars on a 10 euro calling card with 400 minuets and called from the hotel or any public phone . . . . or $ 176 for less than an hour of calls .
i cannot speak for longevity but if it 's anything like my droid , it 'll last forever !
i bought this as a replacement but it did n 't fit my iphone 3gs at all .
i have dropped this about 2 times already and it still works fine .
by then i could only return itto the phone company .
it is a good design , well built , and i expect it to last a very long time . update aug 21 , 2010i 've used the imp500 several times recently .
for the price you cnat go wrong , a couple of dollars versus $ 30 is a lot cheaper .
does exactly what it say it will and is convienently one piece so you do n 't have to worry about losing other parts .
i do n 't have that problem , but the case is still too big .
it just keeps things neat i think .
have been able to fully recharge my phone ( htc t bolt ) at least twice without having to recharge the new trent , will probably come close or succeed at 3 recharges .
nobody has ever complained to me that the voice quality is bad . volume is very good .
the cords where a little shaky but it was ok overall .
if i need a repalcement for other chargers , i would defenitely consider this again .
no need to end the call . ) my partner and i both used one of these hard core for over a year in a construction environment until i broke the ear loop on mine and moved on to the 510 . considering what we put them through , i have to say that this unit holds up .
does what all these reviews have said .
it 's hard to be without your phone , so having this unit is a no brainer .
this item was everything as was described .
the product came on time , and the cost was very affordable . i got so many compliments on it , because of the design , very happy .
i 've very disappointed because it was an excellent charger during the brief time it worked .
i liked these cases for my 3gs but i would n 't buy it for a 4 if they even sell them for it .
it is a tossup between this and my little bluetooth before this . . . . . may sound better on other end , and my vehicle is loud .
i would have given it 5 stars for price but the little things brought it down .
the construction is solid unlike some others on the market .
price was cheap so it was n 't worth returning .
price was so low that it did n 't matter .
this product is lovely and is very good for use in my new iphone 4 s and others thing to me
the big store that is in every town now ( ca n 't say their name ) either does not carry anything or is always out of stock .
unfortunately there is no option to switch .
this thing broke on me after 4 months .
there is no way that you will not see a signal decrease while using this phone .
it is worth every penny i paid for it .
took me a bit to get used to the buttons .
update 6 13 13 i just reordered two because this has become an indispensable ( and cheap ) restaurant rest for my little boy so we can get some peace during dinner .
i would recommend spending the extra money to get the official apple cable , unless you need one just as backup and do n 't mind it getting lost or breaking easily .
i have purchased several headsets , trying to find one that really works for me .
i have only owned it for a week or so but have had some good usage from it already .
i had another device like this which died .
highly recommended the product is very good because it protects the cell phone i recommend it to everyone with an iphone .
they can come in useful in the winter when you do n 't want to take off your gloves .
i ca n 't tell you how long i put off buying a case in the malls .
oh goodie , something else to recharge and keep up with .
i have bought twi more of these
instead of investing in more off brand product i decided to buy a new phone .
i 've had it for 4 years now . yes , that 's right . . . 4 years !
that way we do n 't pull on the cable .
i got it cause i work on iphones sometimes and i need one and i 'm glad that they had one for me and it was cheap
some have even reviewed it twice using the same name .
the phone fell many times and it was fine .
it especially had a tendency to collect around the button and was virtually impossible to clean off . now that i have removed the protector this is no longer a problem .
lately i 've noticed , it hates the charging also .
it works very good for both my cell phone and my 2 kindles that i have .
i got them for my iphone 3gs model .
other then that everything was great and this rating would have been a five if the above was mentioned not included at the point of sale .
not the right item that i ordered .
this phone is almost purrfect for me except . . .
she absolutely loves it , performs well and easily has transfered to her new phone even .
i have no family in town .
if you even try to put on screen protector very accurately by following their methods and procedures then also it will leave some bubbles .
i purchased this for my husbands iphone .
these are pretty good and the mic worked fine .
keeps everything safe , secure and dry .
i 've read about a smell , but with the ones i 've ordered , i have n 't encountered that .
there is n 't a lot to say about these .
i did n 't feel that this was a very sturdy product .
this is a very slim and light weight device i have tried alot of others but i think this is my favorite .
they had the best reviews so i bough them and now my husband loves them so much i 'm going to get a pair for myself .
i am not only please with the product but also the cost i got it at .
once they tell me if it works well or not , and being samsung it should , i 'll re review
i just received my altec backbeats about an hour ago .
i was expecting it to charge slower since it 's double , but it does n 't .
that gave ne an idea i decided to order me and my sister a battery case mine is white , ( since my phone is white ) , and my sister 's is black , ( since her phone is blue ) . anyway , these little guys give you power for your phone !
i have gotten several different versions , but these are the best so far .
do n 't get this one for use during a business meeting or church ! overall , i really like the case , and recommend it to keep the phone secure .
i 've been using my headset for four months now and have loved it .
i imagine that it might be handy for a small business that wants to keep their phones in a central location to charge .
i know i needed the second one since my first attempt was full of little air bubbles that i could not get out .
i shopped around a bit before deciding on this product .
i tried pressing it too to make sure .
good price and it works fine so far . i always can use extra cords for my cell phone ya know thank you amazon . . .
i think this set will come in very handy .
bought this as a gift for my girlfriend .
it does the trick and i got it at a great price !
i ended up back at cingular ( now at t ) and they gave me a couple that they had in a drawer .
buy one for each car and a few as gifts . )
i can only hold a 1 hour conversation before i need to charge it again .
the size is perfect , not blocking or protruding like my old one which is longer .
i 'm probably just a freak of sweating nature .
i charged it up the night before and towards the afternoon my iphone was getting low and i plugged it in .
ca n 't complain one bit about that given the price .
not a whole lot to say here a cord is a cord is a cord is a cord , i would say that the quality is what i would expect from a cord and if i needed another one i would feel safe with buying this one again it is just fine
after taking some time to find the right fit , ( this is the hardest part ) i now cannot wait to put these back on .
they are indeed durable enough to remove , clean , and re apply .
no problem at all . and worth the money saved .
that was the main reason i purchased it .
this phone is far and away the best one in that regard .
hopefully they last for a while .
i set it up and no more needed to be done , it has worked for them very well .
i threw the last two away .
you can use as a mirror when the phone is turn off .
i gave 5 stars because i got exactly what i expected to get .
with it i can last the whole day without recharging my iphone 3gs .
i ca n 't condemn the unit it may have been just fine but missing a color it dod n 't do what the instructions said , so it 's returned for replacement .
at the price you ca n 't go wrong .
i have n 't had a 3g iphone in years now and how this was brought to my attention now i do not know but it was a good case i wore it out and now i just carry my cell in my pocket instead
bought two of these guys , one for me one for my mom .
i buy so much of this stuff . .
i had one pair break after a few months use , so far the next pair have been holding up okay .
but i can live with it
with all the other units i tested i go through a series of background noise tests with both the caller and myself talking and listening , but in this case we were n 't able to comunicate well enough to get that done .
buy locally and return the battery if it does n 't work . . . . like this one .
my new lg ce500 actually has much better reception and is generally a much better phone .
purchased this for my wife for her birthday .
if you 're a girl who keeps her phone in her purse or a guy who has change and keys in his pocket with the phone , expect it to get scratched up very noticeably .
i 'm pretty sure i would have missed my call from my boss by then . i decided to use the case with iphone 4s bare and it worked wonders .
best and cheapest charger i 've been able to find and i 've tried quite a few in the past few years .
handy little set to have around if you tinker with electronic devices .
i have n 't used it because i refuse to invest more money in this . . . it is so old that it probably wo n 't work with my galaxy s3 and if it does , it would probably not be able to power it much . i bought it out of desperation when hurricane sandy hit .
one thing i did experienced was that if you have it plugged in the wrong angle , it falls off time to time .
i note that others have metioned the same thing .
i was so sad when i lost it but it looked and worked great .
and i will use it when visiting my farms in ia and il , where i stay on farm in my rv , in the boonies , and have been frustrated in past years , by lack of internet access .
for $ 7 i had pretty low expectations and they have been exceeded . be sure to re calibrate your phone for a new battery , especially if you are going from 1300 to 1500 as i was .
this should have already been here also
it is just a cable so there is no reason to pay too much for something you are likely to lose or give away .
can not complain , but i will recommend it
i ordered the motorola s10 as a replacement .
but if you are looking for the best , i have to suggest the hf2 .
i also stuck my credit cards in there when i traveled just for good measure .
if , however , you do this kind of work a lot , pass these by and get something more substantial , say , from ifixit .
i especially would not recommend it to people with small children around
if you want an inexpensive , temporary solution for your phone , this one does just fine .
the last thing i want is to fry my ipod .
but within less then a year , each of them failed .
she loves it and that 's what counts .
pay a little bit more and get a better one .
it 's the same as the ones you buy at wal mart or target .
i think the flashlight is extremely bright , and has come in handy a few times .
a must have for anyone on the go so you have enough juice for your busy day .
i definitely recommend this to the user who wants to get rid of wires between phone and mobile .
i would normally have rated such a device only three stars , but the very low price earns it an extra star . do n 't get the sp 109 if you like music or if you need good bass response there is n 't much bass at all on it , and whatever else is left is not that great either .
if you 're looking for something to extend the usable battery life of your smartphone , this is what you want .
just more to say u can find it cheaper on other web sites . . ( $ 89 . 99 ) well get it if ur a outdoor type of person . .
i do n 't have an ipad , but actually recently used this to power a friend 's .
the only thing i did n 't like was that this does not come with a holster .
i 've burnt out 2 power packs that encase my cell phone and this power pack has out lasted and out performed them both .
blackberry is the best miss this phone still have it just not using it , but the biggest problem i had was the track ball .
it is possible to get chargers at a lower price , but for now i would go with these .
many people may be upset that it does not come with it 'sown ac plug , but in this day with so many electronics with usb ports , iappreciate not having one more plug to fill up my house and eventually alandfill with . great product and i think it 's worth the purchase .
i like it overall but the sound is really low so its kinda hard to hear when i am on the phone .
we some case for the money .
i have frequently called someone just by trying to turn off the device .
i am pretty much satisfied , in general . originally , i have got it for my nokia xpress music 5310 , with which surprisingly ! the device was incompatible even though the model is specifically listed as a compatible one .
tried to get used to it .
did not fir my phone and i forgot to send it back .
have n 't tried it yet hopefully it will hold a good charge .
we go to breakfast every weekend our get away from the kids . . . our time !
you can by much cheaper stand , but it wo n 't be as good as this one .
my family is a family of iphones .
you need to have specific models and thankfully most of my gadgets complied .
owned this unit for 4 months now .
this was an extremely good purchase .
the only reason that i give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it 's a little bulky , but you ca n 't beat the price !
i dropped my expensive phone in a mud puddle .
you might think these are for kids , but trust me , they rock !
after one day , i boxed it back up and sent it back to amazon . one thing to note .
very cheap and not very hard to be honest .
yet my battery level goes up . has no issue till now .
the first one lasted nearly three years and just recently stopped charging my phones .
i love these things ! ! ! ! and im a picky person when it comes to me and technology .
i like that i can order covers for little money and snazzy up my phone .
i 'm sure that distance is padded a bit , but i have problems if i even go upstairs . even if i 'm in the kitchen and i go into the living room ( same floor ) it gets very , very fuzzy .
however the cable did work and it was at a very affordable price and that makes me a happy customer .
people that i talk to ca n 't even tell that i 'm on the device .
i was pretty upset to find that one day it stopped charging my phone , right in the middle of a long trip .
if you are interested in this product then be sure to read the 3 star reviews .
and if you 're on your blackberry religiously like most people , carrying a spare battery is a great idea .
i do n 't have big cheeks so i do n 't get it .
once again i order another case that is too small .
this happend on all the calls .
the mic is a convenience when using with the blackberry , i do n 't have to fuss when the phone rings .
saw these and could n 't resist the price .
my plantronics discovery 640 had great sound , mic , and fit , but would always ( i mean literally 100 of the time ) drop the bt connection about 1 minute after ending a phone call on my treo 700p and i 'd have to reconnect .
now i put this on the outside pocket of my handbag and i am good to go , i can find it every time .
if you are an internet . im junkie , you will fall in love with this phone .
product was just as describe but you have to be careful at times since it tends to stop charging your iphone and such from time to time .
but i could n 't expect more for the price .
the product has a very nice price , and i would buy another if i needed another color .
this one must have been defective .
i use these mostly for electronics repair and they get they job done .
so , after a friend reported having good success with the hs850 , i acquired one on ebay .
i did n 't think there was a big difference til the battery in my samsung galaxy s2 smart phone stopped holding a charge after only 10 months .
purchase through amazon 4 months ago .
now my daughter has the phone .
i have purchased a similar item .
i 'm guessing few will ever read this review , as it 's for a case for a phone not even made anymore .
this product may be chinese counterfeit .
let 's try turning it on again .
i have to remove the device from the phone and start all over again .
i am sending the product back for a refund .
this worked great while i had the phone , it is a battery and i had no issues charging or with the fitment .
when i got it the zipper always get stucked .
all of them have been wonderful .
i have moved it around , tried to position it differently and everything i 've tried has failed .
i bought this bluetooth as a back up for my pretty pink motorola h500 . therefore , i placed it in the drawer until i needed a replacement , and last night i needed it .
will i have to pry it open again ?
it 's not worth any amount of money do n 't buy it .
of this , i am most grateful .
wire bends and breaks way to easy . . would n 't stop me from buying more though , cause why pay 25 dollars for essentially the same thing that may last a tad bit longer ?
i live in wisconsin a very cold state and one thing i can say is that it has never giving out on me .
do n 't waste a penny on it
the unit has worked just fine and i have no complaints .
still use it when the other phones go down .
i bought 3 , and they are not even uniform .
i just feel like the same problem will occur again and i wanted to try the defender .
we need these daily and they work fine for us .
came in a timely fashion , and i love it .
my oldest son has an iphone and my younger two have an old iphone that is only functional as an ipod touch and then my daughter has an ipod touch .
the first case worked for about 3 weeks and then stopped working ( the case would hold a charge , but not transfer any charge to my iphone ) . i returned it ( in the same box as my roomates , whose mophie also stopped working at the same time ) and received a new one , no questions asked , which is nice .
i understand this takes longer , due to the fact that my touchpad has a much higher mah than my iphone 4 . overall , i really like this product , and will be using it a lot in the future .
i like that it does n 't interfere when i text .
it does a great job of it to .
sometimes i get complaints from people saying they ca n 't hear me .
since it was very cheap i decided to try anyways and i do n 't know why some people complained .
decent product for the price , and i would recommend .
actually no it kept turning off and on and i do n 't know the reason so yea it did n 't work it was a really very bad one ! sorry
i bought one for each of my family members .
this was a little more expensive than the other ones i had found .
make sure you are getting what you want .
also , the interior does get noticeably dirty after a few weeks worth of use , but that is just a minor issue for me .
they have worked great for over a month now .
there were some posts over in the blackberry forums that complain of this same problem .
i got this for my boss and he seems to like it .
kids are always moving their chargers from home to friends homes .
i emailed them about the issue but have not heard anything back from them .
i have 3 of these , red , black and purple .
they are n 't that great , but they got the job done .
so glad i spent the extra $ 4 so i would have it in time for a weekend trip .
the item came on time and in working and good condition , i had no problem with the battery what so ever , the only problem was that my sister 's e63 nokia problem was more than the battery .
i also received it much sooner than was expected .
got this headset to replace my jabra ( which was incompatable with my nokia 3650 ) . fit and comfort is extremely subjective but i found the jabra to be far more comfortable ( i would actually forget i was wearing it ) ; that said , this unit is not uncomfortable ( until after a couple hours ) just not nearly as comfortable or securely fitting . very few complaints as far as performance .
i 've never had this problem with any other headphone .
as you read the reviews , you will see that is the biggest complaint .
from time i received it , i have only gotten to use it 2 3 times ( went out of town on vacation and did n 't drive ) , but the few times i used it , it seemed to work just fine .
i returned an otterbox commuter i 'd bought with the phone , and ordered another one of these , just in case . i really could n 't be more pleased with this product !
they work and for the price i will keep using them .
i have no use for a product that does n 't do what it was advertised to do .
seems to me the other batteries were old or weak .
i would recommend this for the price and the length just to get by but beware it is the one of the cheapest feeling wires you will ever see .
since they are so small , i was afraid that they may be easily lost or misplaced .
this phone lasted through it all .
i find it comfortable enough that i forget i 'm even wearing it .
for now , i have to carry it in my wallet .
if you just want a dependable phone to carry with you in case of emergencies , this phone fits the bill nicely .
if you 're like me , your battery runs out at the most inopportune times .
its a little bulky but i do n 't mind because it stays in the car .
the cable is a little short but it does the job .
it 's like i threw money out the window go find another product .
it took a while for me to figure it out .
when you hate a bunch of cords everywhere , you 're glad to see products like this .
i have bought at least 4 cases and this is the best so far a forth of the price of the others , a steal .
i would give it 5 stars if it was a little less bulky , but overall at least 4 . 5 stars .
never again will i be caught without a charged iphone at exactly the moment i need my iphone most .
she explained the entire case for me and it 's multiple layers and i was definitely intrigued .
ordered them november 18th , and its december 9th .
this one seems to be free of that defect .
i do n 't have to fumble for finding the cords , or worry they fell out of my pocket .
after using this for a while , it is really helpful .
ca n 't comment on the product as it has never worked to date .
it does not protect the screen if you should happen to drop the phone on its face .
you do not get a 6 pack you only get 1 of them do not be fooled i was very upset that it only came with one and i do not liked to be tricked like that
thought i 'd give it a whirl .
bought it for the back of my place because i get full bars right outside on the patio , and almost none inside ( i live in a concrete apartment ) . if i put the phone in the same place i had this , i get good reception , but this did n 't extend my signal any , or act as a repeater .
i have looked at the more expensive ones .
the buttons seem a little rough and will need time to get used to .
in fact , i can shake my head rapidly and it still stays in there .
they are a great product for a great price .
most chargers i seen were either to high or to cheaply made this one is a good pick .
i am looking to buy a different model as well to expand the charging capacity .
the loops stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .
and when it get scratch you just replace the protector .
i never used the other headphones because these are the best !
this one does a great job of transferring data from my phone to my computer and vice versa .
we did n 't buy it for those features , anyway .
but if you 're looking for anything beyond the most casual use , i 'd invest a bit more for something better .
look at the several that amazon has for sale because they are all different price .
in theory this product makes sense .
this product is n 't worth the money .
i bought this originally for my ipad , and then subsequently used it on my ipad 2 . this cable is an absolute must !
so in the mobile world , i 'm sure this would be helpful .
worth the money to have on hand .
i have tried both and they seem to work equally well , so i 'm not sending it back .
but i figured what the heck its cheap , so what can i loose !
i decided to try the motorola t305 mainly because of my phone .
you do n 't even need a semi to drive by to give a case of the what 's ?
first device i have that does this .
my wife and i have used these around the house for our various devices ( apple , android , etc . ) . it always works well ! it 's a big plug , so you have to keep that in mind with where you plug it in .
it 's surprising to me that anyone rates this below five stars .
i 'm an entrepreneur , so i use this phone for business and for my own personal entertainment .
i can easily get a couple days out of them before i need to recharge . overall , i am not blown away or even that happy with them .
highly recommend this product for its quality and its price .
this is such a great thing to have for blackberry users .
for the money these are a good buy .
these were a supper price and while not supper strong they will do the job and you get a lot for your money .
i had another brand i bought at a store for $ 19 ( which i returned ) the sound works better on this one .
it took about a month to receive them in the mail .
seem okay , but do n 't last that long .
since i originally reviewed this product , the price has actually gone . . .
although the battery is compatible and appears to be functioning satisfactorily at this point , it was clearly not the item represented on the website .
if you 're looking for a longer cable , you might want to look into a different one though .
it is in pristine condition just wanted to emphasize again .
will admit i was a little nervous with this purchase and i am glad i made the purchase .
i owned one of these for about three months , then it started to fall apart .
fortunately , i was sitting down so the phone fell a short distance and was unharmed .
i tried two ( yes , two ) batteries and had to send both back because both were crap .
it also came with a screen protector which was easy for me to apply maybe because i 've watched people do it many times before .
looked brand new , which is amazing considering my phone is 2 years old .
i gave one to my mom , my uncle , my dad , and myself .
especially if you have one sitting near your computer and one near your night stand .
for the past week i 've bought 4 headsets ( motorola 500 , 850 , 700 , this one which is one of the worst . i found the motorola 700 to be the best so far .
this plan was not working out so well . i bought this because i have a motorola phone and wanted to make sure it would be compatible .
after two weeks of testing , almost everyone liked the 510 better than all the rest , so we ordered up 20 of them !
putting this on was a little challenging for me had to watch a video on it . .
i tried other headphones and i keep coming back to these .
great product for her old phone .
the price sold me immediately and truthfully when the package arrived i was impressed .
i am often out of touch with a dead battery .
that said , i still use it .
cut the lack of use down from about 20 miles to only about 2 miles that has no reception .
when i was going to purchase this phone , i knew i would need a holster to use it practically .
the only concern is its battery is not long as my other sets , it lasts about 5 hours when listen to music .
it returns back every time i exit it , very annoying for me .
i use this in the field and while driving .
i found this reconditioned iphone 3g in the amazon store .
it bundles the cord a little and helps to keep it out of the way , not by a lot , but a little , and every little bit helps in a car .
i suspect this is a knockoff .
i could n 't believe that for this price it lasted as long as it has with frequent use .
i saved 41 and only had to wait a couple of days , it was also delivered to my door .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
i am happy i purchased it because the price was right .
i have one that i took to work that i have plugged in at my desk that has lasted probably around 2 years . it 's a simple no mess charger , that just works , every time .
i 'm not very impressed with this .
everything is great about it , except two things that made me want to return it . first , there is a little bit of crackling once my phone is across my body on my hip , and that is annoying to me because i 've had some that never do that .
without this device , my smartphone would have been dead by 10am .
i have gone through three hs850 motorola headsets .
leaving it on for 1 2hrs your ear will be sore .
he is so happy with it his friends want one !
i used this case for a year , from when i had my iphone 3g till the 4 came out .
i went through two of these .
i wish it was constructed so that the jack could be used no matter which way the iphone was placed .
i like the fact that it 's not bulky .
it is a tad pricey , but it makes broadband possible for me whereas my only other choice would have been hughes net satellite which is n 't getting such great reviews from users and is not portable at all .
had it looked at , no problems .
the sound would cut out and i 'd need to mess with the cable to find a position where the wires inside would be touching correctly again .
and the phone is still like new .
no need to go to any store and spend an arm and a leg when you can come to amazon 's site and get the same thing for such a cheaper price and great quality .
if you 're into new gadgets , check out the jawbone sets i have n 't used one , but a colleague swears by the one he 's been using for a couple of months .
it broke after the second time that i used it and i forgot to mention that until now also did not work for what i was using it for
this product does everything that it says it will .
i hope amazon continues to have these because i put this on my desk next to my computer .
even when i tried putting my phone in a separate clean pocket , it still picked things up whenever i put it up to my face to talk .
bought 2 of these 1 broke putting in on the phone .
unfortunately , have less than a month of use , the case has broken and cracked in numerous places after just regular use ( i did not , obviously , throw my phone or drop it several times on the ground ) . the color is fading and chipped in certain areas .
my gave out soon after purchase .
i stopped using this case almost immediately , but not because it did n 't do what it was supposed to !
the product is just what i expected , the shipping took longer than expected but there was no problem with it .
i 've replaced this a few times from different sources and i do n 't find these rings go on properly .
very cute ! ! i also was able to hang it from my pants ! ! ! ! i would recommend this to others ! !
all other uses are only so so . wish i had n 't bought it .
i carry this in the glove box as a backup in case all the other stuff stops working for reason . .
amazon said i should get the charger between the 26th 31st , but i got it way faster . . . on the 23rd .
as i stated earlyer , greater service , bad product from motorola ! ! maybe just my bad luck on this device .
this the second one i have purchased .
the size is n 't even that bad .
i have used it with my lg droid and my new samsung droid and it works well !
i 've bought many of these and they last quite a bit .
my initial impression was this phone was very tiny .
it is still working to this very day .
people could hear me but i could not hear them ( not good ) . the problem started a couple of weeks before by cutting out some of the reception and transmission .
i do not feel my phone is protected from even minor drops that inevitably happen with regular use of phones .
so it was great that i found this seller on amazon that still had them and the price was great too .
well , this was cheaper than that and it is the same exact thing .
i was very excited to get this item because between the kids and me we have an iphone and two ipod touch units .
it can get a little difficult .
the tools are nice enough to use again too .
oh , my first model had problems .
it is all that i expected .
it 's actually quite bright and distracting at night , i have to turn the thing sideways at just the right angle .
she takes it ever where she goes .
even though it was n 't in its original packaging , it lasted all this time .
it is ridiculously short making it very difficult to find a place to charge it safely and i have purchased several of these cords since last christmas and a majority work for a while and then break or do n 't work at all .
i use this to plug in my htc evo 4g phone in my car .
i took one start off , because i think that these headsets should be 100 or less for what we are getting , and this one was the best deal that i could find !
the temperature is hard to describe , but i could personally hold it in my hand all day without discomfort , it gets no hotter than the iphone does when it is used . this product does what it promises to do , and you can charge it at night for the same time that your phone would take .
it does what it says it does and did a great job .
i purchased as a replacement usb hub for use on my laptop and very much like that you can tuck it anywhere easily .
this is a must have for anyone who finds themselves needing to charge their phone all the time .
it will keep my blackberry safe from being knocked around and dropping it .
it 's very annoying . save yourself the trouble and disappointment do n 't buy this product .
these were 1 cent a piece when i ordered them so i got 10 my cat for some reason loves chewing on them so it works for me with shipping i think it was 3 bucks ca n 't beat that
i got this holster after having bad experiences with a couple other onesin the market .
i 've had it about 3 months so far , and it 's looking great . if continues to perform this well , i may get another one in another color .
there are instructions on youtube which i followed and which work just great . love the case .
it is good if you just need a back up for a day
my life is much much better now .
i purchased this because it had so many good reviews , which is why i 'm writting this one . great sound if you can keep it on your ear and keep it from falling apart on you .
my htc hero kept dying so i got two of these .
they were cheaper when i bought them so it does n 't seem like as much of a steal these days , but at the right price they 're not a bad choice .
i 've recorded myself and it sounds clear .
the battery lasts a long time , they are n 't the most comfortable thing to wear if you have glasses like i do , but they are n 't horrible either .
and the static is not just in your end ; my girlfriend complained about it more than i really even heard it .
i was really impressed by the price and was very excited when it arrived .
it lasted a little over 3 years .
i have an original usb charging cable from over two years and never had a problem .
piece of junk i would n 't buy this again !
of course the camera is very good , too .
although the extension can be a bit of pain , it is nice to be able to use my favorite pair of headphones with my phone . solid purchase ; i would recommend to a friend .
i wear a suit all day and need something that looked nice .
highly recommend for children or people with small ears .
i bought this for my brother .
i have had no negative issues with use .
so it is now in the closet maybe to be sold at a yard sale one day .
i travel beyond 30 ft in different parts of my apartment and still get clear calls .
if your gonna buy a phone everyone should buy a cover will save you from everything
in total i 've had four or five different cases for my original iphone and now the 3gs .
this battery was purchased for a phone that had not been used for years .
i just grabbed the imp500 and took it with me so no lack of ipod that day .
they are also a little bulky but over all you get what you are looking for .
im very upset with nokia . this is the worse nokia phone i ever had .
i will super glue it along the seams so it will last until i order some good chargers .
the case is fine and its cheap but the better question is , why do you still have an iphone 3 ?
sound is clear , though i would n 't expect it to be otherwise unless the manufacturer really did something wrong . i 'm not sure if different vendors here sell slightly different versions , so i 'm just pointing out that i got this product via afc houston .
but after using it a couple days i realized it 's quite good . there are a couple down sides but it 's such a good product i 'm keeping it . after each call it announces how many hours and minutes are left on the battery .
i can not synch my ipod with this .
i ordered several , as my husband and i both have phones that use these cables , and now i have one in the car , at work , and at home .
but i bought it specifically for the ipad .
got this as a backup for my car .
i was about to purchase a new belt and was glad that i tried the holster before buying it .
this has probably been mentioned by others but there are 2 important additions needed .
they are probably old batteries sitting on a shelf by the time we got them .
ca n 't go wrong with this one .
i am not satisfied with this product .
palm dies and all of these licked its wounds and dies with the palm , i do n 't think any other phone compary tried to do this , even though it was a cool concept .
my solution is to place the earpiece higher on my ear , making it not so loud , but i do n 't see that as a real legit solution . overall , if it was n 't for the volume issue , i 'd rate this 5 stars .
all the reviews have said great things .
i did n 't hit it on anything or catch it on anything .
if this is n 't an original blackberry product , you could 've fooled me !
have n 't had to test the qualities of this yet and hope not to have need of it .
with every one before i would get complaints that i was static y .
people in the back of my sedan are able to hold my iphone while is connected .
mine has worked perfectly for about two months now .
i got this for my iphone 3g .
i really like that it has a lip so it 'll protect the screen if i set it down that way .
i hate when i ca n 't find this stylus due to my own negligence !
the fit however , could be a lot better for my head ; they are just not terribly comfortable . but do n 't misunderstand , i am keeping them and using them often , i just wish there was some kind of fit adjustment .
it arrived me after more than 20 days of waiting . .
so if you need a cord its ok ; however , it is definitely not oem and the plug is worthless .
this was not what i was looking for , therefore i sent it back .
i bought this for a customer when she said her sister was in the hospital .
however , i only use it in my car .
i used it for my lg phone and my motorola phone even though it 's suppose to be for the blackberry the truth is ( if you do n 't know this already ) , it does n 't matter what phone it 's advertised as being for , as long as the plug in is the right usb shape ; which for most smartphones it 's all the same .
i 've spent a long time trying to find just the right case for my phone and this one is it .
i chose two different sellers just in case one was a dud although both had pretty good reviews and the price was rediculously low .
do n 't have tangled wires in my pocket now .
it is also a bit heavy and painful if you do n 't wear it correctly .
they already send you the case with them too so do n 't buy it optional .
wonderful product with a great price . . . . . .
i may also have to try a different brand .
the case is not what i expected and i feel like it wo n 't protect my phone so i wo n 't be using it .
but it is ok . thanks
it would disconnect from my previous phone fairly often and say that it was paired but not connected .
unfortunately it is n 't for sale here on amazon .
i 'm not sure how long this worked for . . . my girlfriend noticed that when she pushed the connection slightly , the bass would suddenly get richer . . . . tested on a nano and an iphone 4s .
good for justifying why unplug something .
recommended for anyone looking for a replacement battery .
charges well , and does n 't' have a problem .
i did contact new trent with a question and they were very quick to respond and were most helpful .
they need make it where it last longer than it should .
i gave this product 5 stars because it was exactly what was described when i purchased it .
they make more money by selling the whole unit vs we pay 5 10 dollars to replace battery .
i do n 't know if it 's just me , but every time i buy a blue tooth it 's only great for a couple of months .
i would recomend these to anyone who just needs an extra charger handy to top off their phone .
it never happens with the lg phone .
and i have used it for phone calls too , with no complaints . i would recommend this to anyone looking for a great way to listen to their music without having to be attached to your music .
not a tough decision to make . if you need a wall charger for any of your ipods iphones , this is what you should be getting .
if you travel or go through battery life a lot .
will buy more when i run out .
i currently have a iphone which i hate because it has a hard time pairing with anything that does n 't come straight from apple themselves .
i then unplugged it and threw it in the glove box for a few days and when i when i go to use it it no longer worked after a few days of sitting in my glove box .
i feel like its 2001 again p when i have it on and i get stuck in traffic making my 20 min drive longer , my ear starts to hurt .
other phones my family and i 've loved from t mobile are the samsung t349 , motorola 490 , and the samsung vibrant .
otherwise , i 'd recommend looking at one of those .
i have mutilated quite a few of the cases sold through t mobile , and i only wish i 'd found this one first !
having just acquired my iphone 4 yesterday , i decided to give my old 3g to my 4 year old daughter since i had a ton of apps on their for her , and i also had all her backyardigans tunes as well .
so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but do n 't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc .
i chose this model based on all of the positive reviews and the reviews were right on !
it does exactly what i need , perfectly , all the time , and nothing else . i had the whole thing set up in about two minutes in my bmw 335i .
if we have 1 bar when we start , the booster does n 't give more bars , but it will help hold the call ( we wo n 't drop it where we usually do ) .
does exactly what the original did .
i have no complaints in that department .
not to mention the battery life lasts all day as long as you plug it in at night . great product !
at first the cable seem to work well but in a short period of time they quit working . . .
i am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this item seller .
and ive had it and been using it for 3 4 hours now and the smell is all through my house .
good sense dictates a test without expensive electronics inside , now i can use it with full confidence that wallet , iphone , etc .
exactly what we were looking for and very reasonable .
this is a correction to my previous review .
it keeps at least 3 full charges for my iphone 4 or 5 ( i upgraded ) , but thats not all . . .
if you 've been reading the reviews so far you 'll understand that this device works as long as the antenna is placed in a particular way and it wo n 't work regardless if you 're out of your coverage .
later i went and sat in the car and before i could shut the door , the iphone popped out i dropped my iphone more times due to the belt clip that i ever have dropped my iphone ( s ) since the iphone came out .
i bought this little gem at a cingular kiosk in the mall for $ 80 and i am thinking it 's going back before my 30 days are up !
very cheap but so r all off these types of chargers .
i have n 't had it for much longer than a month and the wear started to show very quickly .
the world it 's in your hands now that you have the nokia e71 !
reading the reviews i was not expecting much and , i was wrong .
this is a great product , the only reason i do not give it a five stars is because when you are out in the sun you could barely see the screen because of the mirror reflection .
i 'm just sad that the supply is shrinking .
to add insult to injury the magnet isnt even a strong one .
it is the same head set that you would get when you purchase a brand new blackberry .
so now it 's off to motorola again .
they returned the phone with the same problem .
i just wish the battery would last longer .
this is a nice case for those who are n 't too concerned they 're going to be in situations where they may drop their iphone 5c , and would really only benefit the users who are concerned with scratching the glossy exterior of the 5c ( which , unfortunately , appears to be very prone to picking up light scratches ) .
when i saw this product , i thought it would be great to have at my house especially around the holidays when i have company over and there maybe someone who needs their phone charged , but do n 't have their charger with them .
so now i am keep 2 in the house one inthe office and one in the kitchen .
it 's a blackberry , it doing this right all the time is a no brainer . things i merely love . 1 ) the browser .
love it ! ! works way better than i thought it would and much better than the ol cheapy ones i bought !
my mom has always been a classic blackberry lover .
it is a pleasure to use on my iphone or ipads and get a good response every time .
we have one of these in every car .
it does provide a lot of protection so if you have kids using your phone or tend to have butter fingers , you may like this . all the buttons ports are easily accessible .
so i 'll be sitting there waiting to enter my password like an idiot until the hub is finally recognized by the pc .
there is little to dislike about this device .
it is reliable and works better than what i have had .
i like having my phone sit up since i tend to knock it off my night stand when i ca n 't see it . it 's a must buy for all bb users !
if you do not get it right the first time and it starts drying out , you probably did not use enough spray .
i received this fast and it is exactly as described .
but now the second set stopped in the same manner .
we are both satisfied with product .
this is one of my favorite cases i have this one on my phone i really love the color a lot .
we both have one in our cars and it 's just perfect !
it take a few hours to get from zero to 100 . this is expected , but is still a significa n 't amount of time . 4 5 .
the price was low so i was n 't sure what the quality would be , but of the cases we purchased we liked this one the best .
you might as well not even have a case .
many negative reviews about the cables on amazon so leery about buying them .
i decided to use the boxwave exclusively and have not been dissatisified with my decision .
he did not end up using it very much .
because of that i will keep my rating as is and not knock it because it was n 't the perfect fit for me .
the n97 is definitely on great smartphone , and believe me it is being well used .
that is inexcusable in my opinion .
it does take time . because the iphone does n 't have any place to store a stylus , you may find yourself misplacing yours .
i was fairly excited to hear about this product .
one day i did n 't properly insert my ipod touch in the charging base and had planned to use it quite a bit that day .
sometimes i got problem with the bluetooth but when i restart it ( off on ) the bluetooth work perfectly .
although some have complained about short battery time , i have not experienced that and have not have the battery die at any time .
i used to have a h800 so i decided to tried the h700 that is smaller . great device ! ! !
it 's a must have product if you own a blackberry .
i wish it was a little longer .
i do not recommend this product .
i do expect that this is going to outlast the junk i 've purchased in the past for $ 2 3 . surprisingly , this is n 't that much more expensive than those , so there is no reason to skimp on that $ 1 2 .
if you 're looking to replace the tips on your voyager , this is it !
no problems charging not cheaply made bought for a friend would for sure purchase more in the future for myself
i have yet to use it .
i bought this as a back up to my original but still using the original since the new one does n 't work or fit properly .
i saw this , at this price , and figured i had little to lose .
this product gives me what i need and the power consumption is reasonable too both on my iphone and the device itself .
i figured it was cheaper to try a new battery , for my phone problems , that the server and the manufacturer could n 't remedy to find out why my battery would go dead all of a sudden , though it showed i still had an almost full charge .
i use it for around 1 hour on each working day during office commute .
i rarely drive , i 'm usually riding the motorcycle wherever i go .
although my experience with bluetooth is very limited , i am impressed with this one .
1st month , very good . 2nd month , dropping calls and no one can seem to hear me .
to be fair , it is n 't listed in what 's in the box , either . range is a little disappointing .
and unfortunately , i am a couple of days passed the return period so i am out of luck .
maybe i got a lemon , but every 2 or three seconds the sound would stop and then start again . . .
put the order in got an email saying it has shipped and 6 weeks later still no tool i also did n 't receive another part of the group of things that i ordered so i would not recommend this or the seller ever at this time .
only have had it for about a week , but so far so good .
my battery is always full thanks to this .
i guess you ca n 't beat the price for the product ?
after i got over how cool it looked and how it felt like it was meant to be held in my hand , i plugged it in to charge over night so i could get started using it in the morning .
getting new phone back each time .
item is perfect for my car phone , very compact .
i 've had iphones since the beginning of time and towards the end of the life of the phone needed a power boost .
it has been working fine for several years , and i have no complaints .
this is hands down one of my favorite gadgets now !
bubbled up by button and earpiece , did n 't like this product , would n 't buy it again and i do n 't recommend it . hope this helps .
i had to buy a third battery for my blackberry phone less than one year .
product came in early and has been working flawlessly for about 2ish months now !
being on call , it 's also important that i do n 't miss any of those important phone calls .
brought this to go in our second car so we would n 't have to carry the one we had from car to car , works very well
had it for over a year now , and it 's very useful .
i dropped it already few times , but phone survived with no problems , still looks like brand new !
it is really far better than that .
i bought tis booster for my phone because i needed better recepion , i tryed it and it made my phone come in a little better i would buy is product again , if fact i bought one for the whole family .
purchased this charger 4 months ago , used almost everyday , and still working perfectly , i 'm very satisfied and would buy again .
with so many people carrying around cell phones now whenever they are on the go , it is easy to lose them and they do n 't make you feel comfortable whenver you sit down , as the phone is secure in the pocket .
dropped my phone so many times and have 0 scratches on it .
after three months , when reaching in my pocket for my phone , i 'd only get half of a case , making me miss my calls . if you have an extra $ 10 bucks to spare , it definitely will protect your phone . . .
had problems with several defective items , but they replaced 2 chargers so far , still do n 't have one that works , but was promised one .
they never arrived the first time .
i 've always been happy with them . when i got the these etymotic hf2 's , i was a little dubious .
imho , do n 't waste your money on this for your puny iphone .
my husband took it with him to his job and uses it there .
as long as you can deal with some shipping time than this is what you need , it does the job and is dirt cheap .
this one is my favorite though !
purchased this to try out in the workplace .
the one shown here is a nokia e71x but conditions are attached that might make the buyer to not receiving a nokia e71x .
i bought this to work with a palm t3 , years ago .
i do n 't mind attaching those manually each time ; small inconvenience that trades off in size and weight for travel .
some of the skins i 'd looked at covered the entire phone and as i 'd had a problem with a case while using the touchstone charger i did n 't want to run into that problem again .
during this time frame , i had not downloaded anything that could have disrupted the phone in any way .
it 's seems to be very clear and nobody on the other end has ever complained about not being able to understand me .
my husband loved this at first ; however , his love was short lived .
i got this case in red right after it came out in jan and i love it !
my wife and i each have one of these cases .
i got this for my father , because he was complaining that his phone did n 't have a case .
i can replace my hard drive in my home computer , and add memory , this takes allot more skill .
after seeing these advertised and all the hype that went with it , i did n 't hesitate in getting one .
i ordered this for my husband and one for myself in white .
this is a iphone must have .
some have such tiny delicate wires that they break in weeks .
why blame the phone because you broke the screen .
ok show me one . . . here comes an iphone sailing across the store . . .
i actually purchased the h710 and about the time the warranty was to expired i used it .
in my case , though , back it goes , which really is a shame because i like the quality of the item otherwise and i am sure i could have made good use of it .
we 've had it for a few months now . . . i liked it so much that i bought one and shipped it to my parents so they could charge an iphone and an android phone together as well .
i love this case alot . . . so much that i am on my third one in two months .
i shoulda sent it back but i forgot
i originally had a pair of shure e3c which i found to be overall better than these .
i fix my own phones and tab 3 and mac computers ( desk top and laptop ) , and ipad ( s ) . so having the right tools are very important to me .
no matter what i do it will not reconnect .
this is just right for what i wanted .
i give it to my daughter and she is very please with it .
i have gotten more drops on this phone than any other but i have never used cingular before so i do n 't know whether its the service or phone .
i found it in a parking lot , ran over at least once , in the rain for at least 12 hours . 10 minutes under a hair drier and it was working again !
the only thing i was n 't so happy with was that it came a little bit scratched up , like if it was used or something , but still works and well for a price like this , who can complain ?
i am glad to have this , it has served it 's purpose .
when the wilson was offered to me i immediately grabbed it and installed it the day it arrived . . .
can make things complicated while you are in your favorite drugstore !
my phone does not have problem with power with this battery and me neither .
this should answer the concerns of a previous reviewer . i would definitely order this case again ; in fact i would not order any other case .
i bought this item as a gift to my wife on mother 's day and she loves it .
i purchased 2 of them and they are both horrible
highly recommended for people with smartphones that drain their batteries in a day . edit changed this to a 2 star review from a 5 star .
i had seen this on tv and became interested in it , since i 'll go for just about any kind of gadget .
while sitting in a hotel room checking e mail , this is all you need .
i get pretty good reception everywhere . . .
i seem to have the most problems when i am on the coast and have room near the ocean ( no towers on the water ) . i have also run into problems in cars but i have recently decided not to use my phone while driving .
i like the fact that that it does come with a screen protector as well .
at this price , i ordered two of these one for now and one as a backup .
it 's more expensive than most because it 's better than almost all of them .
i have not received the dhl envelope after a week . . . i will never buy from them again . . . nor will i recommend their products to my fellow travellers . . .
i needed a stronger charge for that but this is still great for both iphoe and ipod together .
but for the price , and convenience of free shipping , i ca n 't say that i regret it . the battery looks good , there is no wires or anything out of place , and for the price how could you go wrong ?
i never have problems answering the phone this way with my blackberry .
i never have to worry about running out of battery ever again ! 10 stars at the very least !
callers ca n 't understand me when i 'm at my desk , and in the car is worse .
i tried emailing wilson but they were n 't any help .
they said i was loud and clear .
do n 't make the mistake i did of trying to pair it each time . . . you do n 't have to once you have paired it once .
however motivates me to buy another one because it really is a wonderful case for my husband .
after losing 5 handsets leaving them in restaurants or sticking them in my pockets and it falls out when you pull out your keys this helps me keep up with it .
this is the worst part of this product . . .
maybe , after a few months of everyday use , my hearing will degrade to the point that it does n 't hurt anymore .
forgot my extra battery and was running out of juice so i plugged this in while using phone and was able to continue using phone .
i have moved the base all over the house and can not get rid of it .
after losing my cell phone to a lake while flyfishing i decided it was time to try and avoid that mistake .
however , if you are looking for this item it means you own or know someone that has a palm pre . i am soo sorry and hope you are within your 30 day return period .
they can wear on your ears after 4 or five hours , so do n 't leave them on that long if you can help it .
it is the original item you 'd buy from the apple store except the packaging .
i call it a toy , but i guess it is a real tool , however it is fun just to play with . .
however that said it is a tiny device and i am expecting too much .
others are stronger but also thicker .
it 's already lasted a lot longer than i had expected !
maybe i received a faulty one .
had myself a predicament at a popular coffee place when all of the outlets were in use by other customers .
every other headset i 've had i 've been able to use for over a year .
after a while , it comes natural what to do .
i got static , even if i move my phone i get static .
and with the number of gadgets i , my family , and my friend have , this is a godsend .
i keep this in my truck and it is great in keeping my cords clear and clutter free so i do n 't have a mess of cords all over my dash .
have this in my office at work for a little extra boost when needed .
i have mixed feelings about this device .
amazon . com , please consider taking this off your list of products . . . it is very misleading and cost consumers way too much money after it is purchased .
it was n 't very sturdy and i ended up sending it right back .
i 've used some of these for my club cards ( you know . . .
this product is not pretty but it works and you do n 't get a lot of oil on the screen protector from your fingers .
i swear this is a knock off but it does what it is suppose to and for the price who can ask for anything more . . . . . update mine no longer works .
by the way this is compatible with droid x1 or x2 and probally others but the x 's for sure .
the cable had a problem so i got it replaced through the website .
take it off and they 're back .
not an issue for me , but did n 't expect the screw to bulge out the way it does . otherwise very satisfied .
they got a little buggy about a week ago , but i think becasue i did n 't charge them for long enough .
will not fall off , barely notice it is there , very comfortable , unlike the h605 i tried .
very pleased to find this after several months of looking .
if you 're just looking for a cheap cord to keep in your car or just to have laying around , this works great .
i dropped this thing on concrete on many occasions and it kept going .
i agree with all the positive points that the other reviewers have said .
how often do you use your phone ?
if given a choice , choose the red .
i was a little nervous at first but it now is fine . up date pops off never got to use it but a couple of times for an hr or so , do n 't waste money or time on it
i think the case is fine . . .
the camera hole is n 't ligned up 100 but it 's big so not a big issue .
however , i 'm not using it right now b c my ear bud i bought to go with it died right away .
it can be transferred from car to car easily and used on several phones at once . you ca n 't go wrong with this one .
i have several wireless gadgets , i have a kindle , an iphone , and samsung cell phone .
i have n 't dropped it yet , but so far so good .
if anyone has any suggestions on how to make the smell go away please let me know . update ok i left the case outside for 24 hours and it seems to be ok now .
i always have triable keeping my phone from moving when in my sports car .
will buy more in teh future
with this new battery my phone will standby for about 3 days without using it .
i would be $ 100 richer if i purchased this cover first .
i 'm told the mic picks up quite a bit of background noise but none so bad that i ca n 't complete my calls .
very good product for the money .
i am happy with the product
if the battery in either of these phones completely discharges you can get one and only one full charge on either phone if you power off the phone and let it charge .
had one issue , and that was that the screen would bubble up .
the first i allowed to get wet ( do n 't let it get wet ; it will be ruined ) . this gives you more charges than any other battery pack out there .
these headphones are not up to par . i could easily snap these in half by stepping on them or if one of the kids were to get ahold of them , they 'd be goners for sure .
my only gripe is that after about a year , they quit working for no apparent reason .
i can move around my desk freely now .
i do n 't know what it is . . .
the main reason i purchased it was because it 's very thin and has no antenna .
i lost my iphone 3gs due to to water leak using this product .
for the money these are great .
thank you otterbox for saving my phone , and my dog thanks you as well it saved her from getting into a lot of trouble ! recommended ! ! ! ! !
yeah , and it 's a penny , plus a lot in shipping ! so , if the software works for you , it is pretty nice .
there is not much else you can say about it .
i travel a lot and this is important to me .
if you have a treo do not get this device .
but that is not a reason not to get the pro ; it is my problem that i am still using an antiquated phone because none of the new ones appeal to me yet . but i still give the headset 4 stars for all of the positive attributes cited in other reviews here .
i try to answer an incoming call , and find it has gone to the device instead of the phone . in summary if it fits good , and you 're going to wear it all the time , this is a great device , especially in a noisy environment .
there are instructions for stretching them to fit but no matter what i do they go back to being tight .
i ca n 't see taking this setup with you when you travel , so you still would need your regular chargers handy for those occasions .
i have only used mine a few times so far , and hoping the plastic will soften up a bit to allow the cords to slide thru with less friction .
the keys are a bit small , but that is easy to live with .
he has decided to keep it semi permanently attached to his phone 24 7 . he seems to enjoy using it in this matter and he constantly has available power .
while it was working , it was great .
sometimes i struggled to get it started .
i can have this plugged in from atlanta to greensboro and the phone is n 't much more charged than when i started .
ordered 2 , one for me , one for a friend .
i did find some bad reviews about 6600 . but let me tell you folks its a awesome phone .
is n 't perfect some comments get cut off and there 's a little noise , but for the most part is quite good .
eventually i 'd like to get video of the people that walk into my car or cyclists that ride into it . . .
only buy this if you feel like donating some money to a foreign company in asia , just for fun .
do n 't need it often but works like a charm .
however , they get uncomfortable after an hour or so .
i generally do n 't care about that so much , not having a sports car , and trying to avoid loud environments when i 'm on a conference call . my issues are that the unit simply does n 't work well .
i do n 't blame the case , it was my fault .
as i said , the only problem i have is with the comfort .
it did n 't really matter , though , because i did n 't miss it ; the audio and a2dp quality were both pretty disappointing , so i just got a new , better one and did n 't feel too bad about it .
uses hers while excercising at the park . the only problem i 've found so far is i 'm not sure if it can handle a lot of sweat . . . .
and the only times i took it off was to pull the battery or add a memory card .
i wife doens 't like it always on the table .
after putting it in a bag of rice overnight , everything dried out nicely but the battery would n 't so i ordered the refurbished one and i swear it is better than the brand new one it came with .
my wife recently upgraded to an iphone 5c and we 've tried a number of different cases , but this by far is her favorite so far .
they do n 't cover those parts , however , they are not centered and it looks funny .
after the first use i was hooked .
i got this product the same day as i got my iphone 3g this is the absolute perfect screen protector for the iphone .
i did read some of the reviews that claim that does not fit large head and i can see why .
the fit is snug enough to protect , but not too tight where i ca n 't remove the phone quickly to answer an incoming call .
i 'm not sure why it was doing thisbut it was around the time the itorch had 1 2 1 4 of battery life left . after a few days of continuous use , i definitely have to say theconvenience of this device is amazing .
i 've gone through a couple of off brand chargers that seemed to break after a year of use that cost a few bucks more than this one .
the only reason that i gave this product 2 stars is because it works .
i purchased these to replace that set , which was a different brand from a local box store . the first thing i noticed about these was the weight .
so i bought this product june 30 to replace my h500 . received it july 11th .
overall helpful at least when you are out of battery no other way to charge while traveling for instance .
i do n 't think this wrked very well for me .
i can hear those i call really well .
you have to take it out , smack it a few times to free up the wheels and then put it back in .
after being stuck at work and having my battery go out , i decided to buy an extra just for the workplace .
great . my problem is simple after a couple of months , it stopped working reliably .
i 've had it for a week , and have tested almost every appliance and electronic device in the house and there were lots of surprises .
so if you get it out and it does n 't seem like it would fit , play with it until it snaps in and it probably will work for you if your model is listed .
i bought one of these for my home and liked it so much , i bought a second one for the office .
i agree with what others have posted .
it is crystal clear on my end and zero complaints on the other .
i checked it out , it works or did , so i guess it is good to go ! ! !
the cables seem to feel weird after several months of use .
i love my usb cable it fits perfect and i have no problem what so ever , i recommend this product .
was not easy but have not seen any tear or damage .
it came in another menu than the one i knew but it is still the celphone i wanted .
nothing fancy but is extremely useful when you need it !
i would agree with the majority of the reviews .
either one of those works , though . i have n 't tested out the battery life in full , but it 's lasted through 2 hours without having a problem . it would also be nice to be able to use them while they are charging .
but for the price i 'd paid i ca n 't complain .
i received this on the 7th , it broke on the 10th .
i throw one or two in bag for use on the road .
wish the phone were more efficient , but it is good enough for me .
i purchased this as a replacement to keep my storm2 going .
as far as i can tell there 's no way to take a video , only pictures .
yes , its very very cheap , so i thought what the hell ill just buy it .
i use this in my home office and it 's done the job so far .
i can use my mifi all day with it .
i purchased this for my desk at work .
it became apparent to me when talking to my wife , she has to clearly say everything so i can hear her . today , i got frustrated and asked her to switch to her phone , the sound clarity amazing .
i was irritated with myself because i had no idea where to get a replacement foam covering . i should have remembered all the times amazon has come to the rescue !
i purchased this on the clearance aisle so i did n 't expect the thing to last forever .
there has got to be a better option , because i doubt there are many worse ones .
as i laid there soaked in kerosene , sobbing , i thought to myself , if i was broken i would not be able to call anyone because i do n 't have my phone on me ! ! ! ! ! so back in this nice little case it went where it stayed attached to my hip .
too good to be true ? that 's what i thought , but for $ 6 , why not give it a shot ? i 'm just using it as a second battery because the pearl 8130 has such poor battery life , i could throw this in my luggage , or whatever when i go on a trip .
i do n 't use it that much because it does n 't give much protection for my phone , which is pretty expensive .
but , if i knew the condition of these packs before hand , i never would have purchased them ! ! ! to amazon it 's just a thought , maybe there should be a way for describing used products in more detail ?
it stopped working after 2 weeks , it tells me it is not compatible with my phone .
i was skeptical whether to buy this product or not being that it is n 't intended for apple devices .
and i had no problem with the batteries .
i used the supertooth ii for a couple years and was really pleased with it .
this battery was a repeat of the battery that was already in the phone so it worked just about how i thought it would .
in fact , i can go quite some distance from my desk and the sound quality is as good as when i 'm sitting right next to my iphone .
i have no personal interaction with it , but he loves it .
the one thing that i have a problem with is the distance .
the price is so low , it would cost me more to send it back than it cost to buy .
overall , it performed my intended purpose excellently and i 'm thrilled that i can now talk coherently and safely while on my way to and from work .
what little i was able to use of it , it seemed fine .
these look awesome out of the box but the sound quality was terrible now these are songs that i have purchased from itunes if that makes a differnece but the sound made these basically unusable as i have found with previous bt stereo headsets oh well i guess i 'll keep waiting .
after ordering the cs55 but before receiving it , i read the negative review very cool but poor sound quality and was concerned about what i was going to receive .
i have tried many different typs and my 7 y . o .
would n 't hesitate to purchase again , especially at this price .
this means i have to keep my phone one inch away from my pc to use it .
nearly every day i want to beat it with my hammer .
would rather pay more for a higher quality one than to have to replace it every 6 months .
i can hardly tell the device is in my ear , until i am making a call .
i recommend this to everyone because who has n 't been out and needed to charge their phone and had no way of charging it !
i ca n 't tell you how many bluetooth headsets i have damaged ( i 'm thinking the count is up to 3 now in the past 6 months ) by cramming them somewhere in my purse .
it worked really well for like the 1st month or so and then it just stopped holding a long charge . it still works . . do n 't get me wrong . . but the life severely decreased . . my average heavy usage day i would get at the least 6hrs before im in the yellow . . now its more like 1 and a half hours now .
i 've abused this thing in every airport from ewr to lax and it has performed as advertised to date .
if i could give it negative stars for the lack of security this case offered , i would . so . . . . not a good investment . . . . find something else ! what else can i say . . . . ?
good to have one at home , one in the car , and one at work .
it would be better if the plugs themselves had that information on them , but at least they have the numbers ( which i did n 't see at first so i put my own numbers on them ) . i will undoubtedly keep using the adapters on future trips , and i 'll keep this updated . update have also now used in thailand , worked great .
i 've done a lot more with the older voyager 510 , it still works , but after nearly six years the battery is n 't charging well , so it is time to replace .
i used this over a gap of 20 miles to the tower with some hills in between .
works very well with my 1520 . it is hard to go to anything else now that i have used this .
the nokia n95 8g was 639 and that day i returned nokia has it for $ 579 for like a day .
i bought way too much of them , it 's not necessary to get more than 3 i think .
i have only installed one to date and it is still providing good protection .
i had doubts on how comfortable i 'd be lugging around a big phone like this , but that was short lived once it was in my hands .
if the phone wasnt tight , it would fall out a week later once it was stretched out .
defintiely worth the price . . . you should order several .
i love most of my sony products and i own a lot of them , but this is n 't really worth it to me and i would not recommend this to anyone who is willing to look at a non msft smartphone os .
if you are not using the lg vx 9400 , your experience will likely be different .
works great , do n 't understand though why its not included with your iphone ( which cost enough as it is ) when you buy purchase it . . i 'm just glad i found it on amazon .
i previously bought a motorola blue tooth and dropped it about 5 days after i got it , i could no longer get a connection to my phone and pretty much threw it out .
every other charger i have had has broke with in 3 months or less .
was n 't sure what to expect with this , but it works flawlessly and it is very easy to use , as well as very portable .
it 's a shame too , these guys are solid otherwise . update 12 27 2012 returned these and went with the moto s11 's and wo n 't be looking back .
i 'm usually very picky about any sets hanging on my ear , but this one is pretty comfortable .
there is n 't much else to say about this product .
in my case 25 was a bit too long but it does its job well , the cable is thicker than i expected which is good because usually means more durable .
i like to have a couple of sets to have for my handbag . .
it does take patience to put on and you wanna make sure the surface you are doing it on is super clean because anything around will stick to this thing .
so far , it exceeds my expectations and complements my ipad and cellphone perfectly .
i have had no complaints from the listener on the other end .
this one is still going strong .
the wires are no longer continuously in a tangled mess , the cords are no longer all over catching on things as i 'm working out and there is no longer a fear of crimping the cord which could break the wires internally .
this was my first new trent product , and i could not be happier with it .
no matter who i talk to i can hear great every time .
it also feels like pressing hard enough to make the sliding work ( most of the time ) is going to brake the itouch and , while i 'm not sure how much pressure that would require , i 'm not going to chance it .
u can never have too many .
my only complaint would be my ear starts feeling sore after wearing it for awhile , and like another reviewer said , it is light enough that it feels like it might fall off sometimes .
i usually replace my screen protector on my phone once a month or so .
this proved more difficult than i thought .
then i need to recharge them which takes another two hours .
and it does n 't have the range away from the phone that i 'm used to .
very expensive , would very much recommend
i do not own a 3g cell anymore but at the time this was a good case i still have the cell and the phone but not in service
i wonder about the new 715 ? would like to give it a try too .
there is n 't much to say about these .
it 's did n 't work for me r my phone its as a lot of mess on it i think this seller should n 't have any more item on the best website i think
i will be returning this garbage and getting my $ 5 . 00 back .
the fit was a bit loose but not a huge problem .
my wife this case for a year , from when she had the iphone 3g till the 4 came out .
its also very compact , so i can take w me when i go to another vehicle .
i have tried a few headphones , wireless and otherwise , to listen to my book on tapes .
the great thing is the speakers also connect to her blackberry , and her sirius stiletto .
i contacted them about it , and they were very friendly .
after two months of use , i can make it through the whole day after heavy phone use without looking for a charger .
it can appear relatively tacky but i have gotten used to it .
and you get ten of them .
i use this on my htc evo 3d phone in the car so that i do n 't have wires sticking out at all angles .
i can be heard loud clear and i can hear them just the same .
not to mention the battery life lasts all day as long as you plug it in at night . this order was to add to the existing setup we already had .
the majority of the time i 'd call my wife and her phone would never even ring do to poor reception inside out home .
i ca n 't complain as i have worn it almost constantly since purchase ( including in the shower accidentally ) and ca n 't imagine not have a bt connection to my phone .
bought this for my ipod touch . .
how do you tell that it 's stopped charging ?
just to make sure it was n 't a fluke , i turned off the booster and again , nothing ; plugged it back and i was still getting a good reading .
i 'm not one to use a laser pointer often , but i have needed one on a few occasions and having this ability straight from this device really works well in a jam . this is must have item if you ever are traveling or anywhere where power supplies are limited .
it was independent of which car i was in whether it worked or not .
i bought this device a few years back and it is still working like a top .
had to get a new phone while on vacation and the service at my rental was terrible ! ! ! slapped one of these on and , i do n 't know if it 's the power of suggestion , but my new phone works soooo much better ! ! ! ! love these things !
i really , really like the unit .
if you order this be prepared to accept the fact that there are no instructions !
i recommend this product , great quality for a good price .
remember to speak up though . . . people tend to have a problem hearing you as well as you will be hearing them .
at first i thought my first set was defective .
i did n 't realize it did not come with a cord !
my blackberry curve 8900 is no longer used as my phone , but is a lifesaver for me as my alarm clock !
it is obvious that they are new , but they have yellowed and are no longer clear .
it is so much longer than the original and for the amazing price how could i turn it down .
we 're glad we settled on the trent imp52d !
gave as a present to my neighbor .
i like the fact that this can have 2 items plugged into it at once .
mine is already full and it makes me wonder why i waited so long to get it ; swapping things out instead of using a hub . so what 's wrong with it ?
that was so not cool , i searched for a screen protector especifically for my blackberry 8350i and when it arrives , it does n 't fit my blackberry ! ! ! ! ! i am so pissed off , they either sent me the wrong product or advertised it wrong .
so , i noticed it was on sale at amazon and i jumped at the chance to buy this phone that he enjoys dearly and is easy for him to manage while riding his motorcycle .
i can tell you now i ai n 't buying that one either . i guess it 'll be a while before someone comes up with a headset that 's not static y but i 'm willing to wait . roumen .
now it 's not working at all , every time i charge it , use it for a little while then turn it off , the next time i tried to use it , it 's dead and i have to recharge it again . . .
talk 2 4hrs a day on average .
now i do n 't have to carry both in my pocket and look geeky .
but this is a down grade from the previous version . 4 stars
you cannot go wrong with a new trent product ; you will be taken care of in an exemplary manner .
i purchased a bunch of these since my girlfriend tends to destroy them on a regular basis regardless of the build quality .
the fit is absolutely snug and tight so it does n 't slide around or off at all .
this is a great hub and has been good for several months .
i 've had a blackberry since the first one came out and i * love * the new 8700 series .
i wonder if motorola just does n 't make a good product anymore .
i 've been using it in my phone for a week and it works like a new battery .
no cutting which is the biggest thing i like .
i need to charge my blackberry when i 'm on the go , this does just that .
way better than many more expensive ones i have bought !
one that works if you do n 't have a case on your iphone ( it seem to be made for a 3g , but the iphone 4 fits in snugly . ) and one that is a catch all .
i purchased two , one for myself and one for my father in law .
i purchased it for my daughter , and she loves it .
the products are working excellent and were very inexpensive .
after ordering a few from amazon and having none of them fit , i started visiting phone shops trying to find * anything * that would work .
i used to own a plantronics 320 . it worked ok ; but this one is far superior .
but i really really like their batteries .
i 'd seen similar skins for more than twice the price so it ca n 't be beat , and the shipping was incredibly fast .
my husband and i have iphones .
at first i did think that for the price ti would be a flimsy cord that would eventually tear but up to this date it has not torn .
this is the second one i have bought , thinking it was a fluke with the first .
i am waiting for my next trip overseas to fully test out the capabilities of this product .
looks great on until it gets used the .
could not touch the same unit for 3x more .
i got these for my wife 's iphone 3g , and i have to say they were n 't terrible but i have seen a lot better .
this phone seems to be a lite version of a blackberry , if you can call it that .
weird . if you charge these at home , it 's no issue but if you want to bring these on a trip with you , you have to pack this power supply .
it should not be that hard to do .
if you have family members who constantly loose or break phone chargers , then get yourself 3 or 4 of these as a backup .
the first one broke after a couple of months of infrequent use .
the could have been a littler smaller .
however , i cannot give a 5 star rating for a product that never worked .
i really hated having cords all over in my car .
i had tried other models but they were uncomfortable ( i save small ears ) but i can wear the plantronics 520 for 18 hours a day with no problem .
i bought 2 of these for our motorola 3xx 's because we bought a new rv and it is so easy to forget your phone charger at home so i decided to buy these and just leave them in the rv !
the second grips is if i have my device on my hip the sound cuts out sometimes when i 'm working out but if i just set it on a bench or on the floor under the gym i can walk around about a 25ft radius with no problem , kinda odd but it 's cool .
plus , if you mess up , you have two more !
i 've never used the case but it appears to be durable .
very good product especially for its price !
i am looking forward to receiving it
this item was ordered for my father . .
after a while , you 'll learn where your own sweet spot is with these , but i doubt you or i will ever find these things to be comfortable . is the jabra bt620 awful ?
these were exactly what my mother needed for her old nokia 2690 . she goes through them quickly , so i got her two .
you can use the same usb power cord as for your phone ( if its a moto razr model not the new v9 ) . i take this for short trips in town .
on is 8 months old , the other about four months .
so no using them in bed when laying on your back .
but speakerphone is not really what i needed , it was reliability and function . really a far step forward i recommend it for anyone needing a reliable phone .
specifically , running on a treadmill with these plugged into the machine so they got tugged and yanked a lot which is probably why i recently started having this problem . overall , a great set that lasted a long long time .
so , maybe its just imagination but so far , they have stayed together ) . overall , i love these headphones and think they are great .
i had to buy new chargers .
this was a great purchase for a really excellent price .
nice kit for the road but i have n 't tried it yet but it should be liable enough lol .
please see my review for this item under the link where it is sold as part of a starter pack , which may make more sense for you to buy than just the unit alone ( in which case you will have to buy separate adaptors for each gadget that you want to use ) depending on your needs .
i ca n 't say enough good about these ! p . s .
i have left the earpiece on my desk at work , and did n 't realize it until i was at the car a couple of times ; this lanyard prevents that if you use it .
just check inside and outside dimemsions .
i used this battery to replace the original one on my old motorola krzr .
that was a great experience as i usually have wires that get trapped , etc . the ear buds themselves seem to make this product for me .
i work from my home office , and spend 60 of my day on the phone .
i use it while biking or just around the house as it is very light and no cords !
when listening to others it can sound like they are in a tunnel and they have said they same thing about my voice on their end .
this was a replacement for another charger i ordered and found was coming from over seas and would n 't arrive for almost a month .
realizing that it 's lightweight , i am also cautious in more windy situations .
my recommendation would be to get a usb car charger so you can use whatever cable you want and since you have two separate pieces , if one fails , you only have to replace that part , not the whole thing .
poor quality for other person on the line to hear . . . happens with all calls . . do n 't waste your money . . . spend more
for me i just am leary now of the model .
i think that one of the problems people may be having is either not trying the smaller ear pieces or because even the smallest are still too large . i think that the sound is excellent .
need to appreciate the thought because every day it makes your life easier . . .
both of these are big disappointments , but it was a great holder while it lasted .
i went to bend it back and it broke !
a lot of cases are more expensive but have one problem , after a couple of days or month they scratch your phone .
i do n 't have dishes in my house so i usually eat off of my iphone .
it gets 4 stars because , if price was not an issue , this would be , without a doubt , the first headset i would pick to use with my ps3 .
it acted as thought it was muted when it was n 't .
i bought the m1100 first it was full of static during my conversation .
the only thing i have to say i didt like is that it takes a long time to charge .
could be a little smaller ( thus 4 instead of 5 stars ) .
i have one of these on my cruiser and my sport bike .
when i got it i was a little scared .
i keep one in every vehicle and one in my lunch box .
i bought iphone 3gs for my family member few weeks back and to protect the screen i decided to buy a cheap and good screen protector .
bought this for my wife to use with her samsung exclaim .
and since the button is exposed even with the phone closed , you end up hitting it by accident quite a bit . overall , i 'm pretty happy with the phone .
but so far no problems and it 's doing its job .
last time i ever purchase a scosche product !
no complaints on that one whatsoever .
it replaces a jabra bt250 which died .
bought this for the wife and she loves it .
i 've had them for almost a year and they still work perfectly .
you ca n 't beat this at this item at this price . . .
the product worked as descibd , and you also able to make phone calls and accept calls and once yuo done with the call it goes back to the music .
these batteries are less expencive than others , and do n 't keep a charge as long .
after two years of dropped calls , the phone shutting off by itself and listening to other people 's phone calls , i 'll stick to provider phones from now on .
the think they do n 't tell you is that you could also use the jupiter jack with your mp3 player .
i do n 't understand why there are so many complaints about invisible shield .
took about a month to get in the mail though .
i would give it 4 . 5 stars and 5 if the price was $ 5 cheaper .
i got this quick in the mail and i used it , its good and for the price ca n 't beat it gonna get another .
i have one set at home and one set that stays on my desk at work .
this is my first experience with windows mobile , and i can tell right away that palm was far superior . i ca n 't say much more yet , but this phone is new and any info may be helpful to new buyers like you .
i recommend to all who have samsung smartphones and are always in need of a power source on the go .
i thought i 'd try it for the price but as the saying goes , 34 ; you get what you pay for 34 ; .
meaning , you do n 't place keys next to it in a bag or drop your phone accidentally or throw it in anger .
when you do that latter it comes on just from getting joggled in the pocket .
i purchased this case in the magenta when i bought my iphone 3g . . . it was ok , but i ended up taking back the iphone because i was having problems with it and returned the case at the same time .
the other caller has had no problems hearing me , i have asked a couple of people and they said it was crystal clear .
i really like this charger and not having the cord hanging around all the time when it 's not necessary .
you need to be very talented to get these on .
when hubby got a blackberry , i ordered these right away .
i am so happy , i have decided to share my happiness to others in the form of arcadia imp70d .
it is so comfortable that sometimes i forget i have it on !
i recently purchased this product after reading all reviews to pair with my new iphone 3gs .
i havent tried it with my blackberry . also , in case not all suppliers using this xescription are , in fact , supplying the same product ( i do n 't know the rules for that ) , i got mine from media mart
i wanted to write a really angry review about it but in reality , these were like $ 30 and for that $ 30 , they did a hell of a job . i mostly wear these for my pedestrian bus train commute to work .
i ca n 't believe there 's nothing like this on the market anymore .
i have an ancient razr that drives me crazy because it 's always out of juice .
this product is great for what i was looking for ; a small power source that i can leave in my backpack or through into my girlfriends purse .
these are delicate and easily broken .
i 've had it for a while and still have n 't used the stereo speaker setup .
other than that i had no problems with it over a 6 month use .
this usb cord is almost like the original one you recieve with your phone .
i had no problems with it and it worked as good as any that i have used .
after lamenting on whether or not to buy some of the cheaper options available , i went with the 34 ; you get what you pay for 34 ; cliche and paid for the extra assurance that i was not getting a cheap knockoff . the battery i received had a manufacturer date only a few months from when i ordered the piece .
when this product showed up it looked used .
i would still have to keep a small case handy for the other above mentioned accessories . i guess , i 'm the minority so far , but i just do n 't see that this accomplishes anything and it adds a level of complication .
and finally something that does n 't come from china .
we 've been buying skullcandies because they love the look and sound , but we 're replacing them about every 3 6 months .
when i first installed one of these on my new jawbone ii , they were fantastic .
it has one purpose , and one purpose only !
the reviews that knock that fact are not being fair .
where was my head at ! ! i was attending a conference in austin , tx a few weeks ago , i have a htc evo and i went through 2 batteries while i was there and still my evo was burning up the battery .
main issue i have is the buttons too close together , easy to do something inadvertent .
i was also shocked to hear all the positive compliments i was hearing from people at my job , fitness center , and throughout the community .
i bought this case off amazon and i 've had it for just over 3 months .
i have used the motorola warranty right before the 1 year limit and have received either a refurbished or a brand new one which again last about another year or so .
i wo n 't force it for fear of damaging the unit . save your money and try one from griffin ( $ 14 . 15 ) . . . at least you can return it to amazon for a refund . or still betterspend the full $ 19 . 00 and go directly to apple .
what is even more annoying is that i purchased expensive , model specific accessories that will become useless paperweights when i replace this with a new phone a phone i will be out additional hundreds on , not to mention the cost of accessories .
when i bought this i had recently moved into my first house .
now i 'm going to go cry myself to sleep on my huge pilla .
i actually had to open it up and glue the holding latch back in place twice now .
so i ordered a new battery , nowmy phone works fine , so fine that i ordered another battery a few weeks later for my husbands phone which had started to do the same thing . both phones are working just like new .
i will be replacing it with another voyager pro .
this latest purchase , however , only lasted about 3 weeks , and now it does not hold a charge , drops rapidly to zero after a couple of hours .
worked for 3 days then never worked again .
if i 'm out and about , there 's no way i 'm getting through a full day on a single charge .
after i got it , my phone was fine .
if i held the unit a few inches in front of my mouth they could hear me clearly but not when it was in my ear .
i received it very fast and its identical to the one that came with my ipod .
if they made them out of titanium , i would buy it at almost any price because i have trashed ( again , my fault , dog ate one , i crushed the other ) two of them .
i 've had similar products to this , but this is both the most compact and most reliable i 've used .
parts like this either work or they do n 't , and leave you frustrated for wasting your time .
i 've been using these headphones for days and hours at a time ; and , it just doesnt run out of battery power .
but these two batteries helped me a lot in the meantime .
and not expensive , nice and cool .
i 've used it with multiple phones and even my ps3 and it has never failed on me .
i found ones that were comfortable for each set though so i am pleased with the selection . the cons they seem fragile when not being worn .
first time i used this product , but rugged and easy to use .
they are , unfortunately poor on two key counts if you 're interested in using them to listen to music .
great performance for the few weeks i 've had it .
i forget it 's there a lot of the time .
one complaint is that you have to be very close to the booster box itself ( i tend to pace when i talk on the phone and now i have to sit still ) . other than that i think that it is great .
it was fantastic that it came in less then a week .
so even if one does n 't work as was true for me you 've still got two of these cool little dealies for not much cash .
i really got attached to it .
the next morning i wanted to place a call and the charge did n 't hold .
my phone and ipod were taken care of thanks to this battery .
i see no difference and think it is the same product from the same manufacturer , so i suggest buying the cheapest one .
battery was very good and the price was even better .
it can only be worn in the horizontal position only , i prefer vertical .
even when i can find a good spot there is still some interference occasionally .
i would recommend this bluetooth to a friend , in fact i 'm going to buy another one just so i can have two .
they are , by far , the best pair that i have owned .
i had sent them to employees in cameroon , africa so there was no way i could send them back for a refund and the sellers said they could n 't do anything about it .
ironically i found an amazing short and super long one that work awesome .
these are no 'magic bullet' for bad reception , but they can take it 'just over the edge' . i have used these before in old phones , but they get 'lost' easily if i forget to remove them when changing batteries .
i do n 't think it 's worth the $ 10 i paid for it .
it 's like it 's 1950 again at my desk .
but its super small and compact .
used other usb cords thinking they were all the same . . . . they are not !
if it is then it 's defective .
overall , you ca n 't go wrong buying this product .
i had an old motorola razor cell phone , but it would not charge .
this is the case for your everyday lifestyle .
it is so small , you ca n 't even tell it 's there .
both my wife 's and my own car charger had died on us after a couple of years , so i got two of these , ( both are official motorola products ) one for my wife 's car and one for my own .
if that changes i will update this review .
one is in my car and the over on my office laptop . i recommend it .
as far as the people who shipped it to me they get 5 stars but i do n 't even use this earpiece i went to best buy and purchased a different earpiece for 20 bucks im completly satisfied with .
i primarily make lots of calls and like to check news and send a few text messages .
not a disaster , but not something that i am particularly happy with .
i do n 't even have to worry if i ca n 't charge my phone in the house .
being able to give my tablet a full charge would be awesome , but i 8217 ; m sure the power pack would have to be a lot bigger to allow it to do that .
i received the order in short time .
horrible customer service when contacted directly because i was dissatisfied with the product , he ( she ) resorted to personal , verbal assaults instead of dealing with the issues wow unbelievable .
the price is excellent and i received it in 5 days .
of course , only get this if it 's on sale ( i got it during the christmas sales weeks on here ) .
found the best price on amazon and bought it right away .
irritating , but the real problem came out when my brother in law tried to use it .
i never did a full charge from 0 so i ca n 't speak to how many charges you can get out of this , but i can say it was very nice to be able to carry around with me just in case my phone was low while i was out and about .
it was just my luck and a series of miscommunications .
i bought on friday , came back from work on monday and it was already in my mailbox . . . .
i also have on several occasions helped coworkers charge their devices when they would n 't have been able to otherwise .
i got one of these as a trial unit and realized this would make a great gift or stocking stuffer !
this would have been best ever if i could have figured out a way to keep the earpieces from falling off eveyr time i grabbed the h790 . after ten days , unit just went bad .
like many other posters , mine probably is defective .
if you want peace of mind then this is the way to go .
i plugged it into the iphone .
what it does not tell you is you can barely see the screen after applied .
however , the sound is unusually good always a plus ! and so far the battery life is better than expected as well .
where other companies would send out a replacement , no questions asked , this company does not .
great price in what you payed for ! ! in handy to have extra aroundto have car and the house
other brands would fall apart after a couple of weeks .
i did not evaluate the battery life , but it claims a month . i purchased mine through a local shop and returned it the next day . one plus negative quite a bit of range .
i only used it for a short time but the quality looks better than many other cables i had before .
it 's in perfect condition but slides off my phone when i 'm using it in any way .
this is the cable that you just pull to disengage not the older cable that has a bigger end ( not the one that has buttons on each side that you need to pinch before can pull it off ) . it is very hard to remove that is actually scary i might damage the connector of my iphone .
he likes this hub and shows it by periodically knocking it off my desk . i would prefer that mikey did n 't like it !
so if you wear skinny jeans and tend to keep the phone shoved in a pocket , this is not for you .
easy to order my product as it was shipped appropriately as well .
once you 've tested this and liked it , i recommend buying spares .
i like being able to throw it in a jersey pocket for a bike ride and not worrying about it getting damaged .
i sold my old phone but could not find the charger .
i guess i got what i paid for though . . .
as far as i am concerned , this is the best battery you can buy for the money .
i am one to always have and use a lot of features .
this car charger works as you would expect it to so if you 're more addicted to your blackberry then i am ( and i am fairly glued to mine ) this charger will keep your thumbs moving even longer then they probably should ) .
will take nothing away from the product .
i would n 't buy one again . it does what it says , but i would n 't feel secure hanging this thing around my neck . ( plus you would look like a super geek doing it . ) what was i thinking ?
if you want to try it , it was cheap enough , but you 'll do better using your fingers .
they are as expected , but took a long time to come in ( though within the time described ) . did n 't realize they were coming from hong kong .
i have tested 8 different headsets by pairing two of them at a time , putting one in each ear , and switching between them during a call .
they are cheap and also cheap made , it is better idea spend more money to get better product i would say
you can leave it in your ear and people will hear you perfectly , even in loud locations .
definitely do what they claim to .
i can throw it in my purse or even in my pocket it 's so small .
not worth the money , and it was in shipping longer then it worked on my phone .
i did n 't think these headphones would work as good as they do but i 'm a believer now .
my daughter makes the best out of this purchase .
i put this one on my phone because my screen was messed and i got this one it worked great .
pro very inexpensive , stock up and buy several they are super cheap , seems to work just fine . con i ca n 't find and cons with this item yet .
it can not be disassembled without destroying it .
these are very convient , and easy to use ! ! it keeps me from dirtying up my iphone !
but i thought they would work for my family 's new intensity 2 phones and they do not , so i need to sell them , since it would cost me more to return it to the seller than it would to give them away . . . !
this is a great charger , and i am still buying new ones long after the death of my palm pre phone .
all other options we explored were either eyesores or were very cumbersome .
so far i have had 0 .
my only issue , and it could be an issue my personal one , is battery life is not the best , only an hour or so on a charge .
you would n 't want to walk around with them . that being said , these headphones are great and earn 4 stars , my new everyday headphones , unseating my cx300bs .
this product is excellent as well as the price for it .
but as i said all in all , seems like about 25 increase from stock . all in all , these are excellent batteries for the money and i highly recommend it as a spare or replacement .
i do n 't really want it on the top of my car or my hood , so i have made it an emergency repeater . . .
over 2 years and counting . to me , 'wearing' a blackberry is second nature , having had one attached to may waist for more than 10 years now , so i may be as good as getting my blackberry in an out if its holster as a gunslinger is with his gun .
after less than a months use it is falling apart .
it drops the pairing on a semi regular basis .
because it is not that expensive , i can give this to my son for his camping trips to charge his smartphone and if he loses the charger , he wo n 't be in serious trouble . )
without the box it makes me think it feel off a truck , and i do n 't know how i 'm supposed to gift it as planned . update difficulties with the shipper , he offered to send a box and did , but it was not a gift box , and i had to go out and find another .
the clip is really tight too so it wo n 't slip off of anything unless you take it off .
i wanted to like these headphones and i tried everything to no avail .
i suspect this depends greatly on the person wearing them .
good construction and i have had no issues .
it works as it should have , no complaints or nothing special about it , it just works and i keep writing that because i need to fill in the required words .
think it should be at least 3 or 4 feet .
i 'm amazed you 're able to pick this up for about $ 7 . quality is outstanding especially for the price .
then my iphone 4s got wet and i had to get a iphone5s i had seen reviews of the holster being to small and i did not see this it fit my new 5s perfecting both sideways and virtically with room to spare .
so , basically you leave the clip where you want it and can just remove replace the unit easily when you get out . it 's great .
just buy this one and stop buying cheap garbage you throw away every 6 12 months .
this was a great replacement at an even better price .
would be better for someone who keeps their phone in their purse or at the gym on the treadmill .
very good charger , it woks fine , no complaints ! ! ! i would recommend it ! ! it was good , but not using it anymore !
other than that , this cell phone is the best i 've found including several other lg models that friends and family own .
if you are looking for a good and cheap aux cable this is a good option .
what more can you ask for ? the shipping date was like 4 weeks out ( came early ) . i found out why . . .
went bad really quickly , so i 'd recommend if you want a good replacement cable , just go to a store that will have less hassle to return it if it goes bad
had it less than a month and it stopped working .
if you need more power , for longer , i 'd recommend the larger units .
bought for my samsung captivate galaxy s .
this phone does every thing i could want from a phone .
got this for my husband a while ago , and it 's just ok .
he 's ultra picky and even he loves it .
would recommend to anyone who wants a good sturdy case , but is not too bulky at the same time .
i am disappointed with this unit .
charge wo n 't last as long as the original although they are alike , but definetly charge outlasts other similar batteries sold out there in the market
overall good purchase for the money .
i 've re charged to 100 from full depletion 3 8 times a month , depending on my travel schedule .
the company was nice enough to send me another on ( which is the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 ) but the second one broke after the first charge as well . .
if your plug is way down by the floor , this may not be the best choice .
after i recieved these cords i had to go check the ad again how could i have missed that these were super short cords ?
problem is that they lose signal a lot while using and every now and then break up .
now after not four months its trash , does not charge any longer .
it would n 't hold a charge for longer than an hour .
the phone got plenty hot . the first one i got only worked for a day .
but the case is still great .
nothing more frustrating than finding all of a sudden one quits working , and you have no way to recharge your phone .
it feels a little odd inserting it because of this . . . but . . . i 've had no problems or breakage on any of my phones .
when these arrived i pulled off my old protector , cleaned the screen on my phone very carefully and started to put on the first one .
but that is on him he talks alot he talks almost the full ten hours he is in the truck and then the ear piece is still going .
it is very attractive , if you want to call a charger attractive .
this one i got from plantronics is by far the best i have ever had and from what i 've read the best on the market right now .
i do n 't know what they were thinking putting such a tight clip on such a great case .
other than this small annoyance my wife and i really like the phone .
or , i should say , the one i got did not .
i had to take it to a taylor .
i have not needed to by another cable , very durable .
getting free shipping is great , but it took over a month for these to arrive , but again , that is my fault for not paying extra for faster shipping .
in four or five hours there was a full charge .
i can hear other people without any issues .
it meets all my expectations of being a thicker than normal case which will protect my phone from my kid dropping it again and again .
this battery is an absolute must if you want to avoid having to worry about topping off the charge half way through your day .
if i have a lot of telephone calls , a full charge is not enough to last all the way home in the evening .
my family and i have three of these , and they work , but there are better products for the money . .
i see no reason to pay the big bucks .
i 'm accustomed to using headsets , but have n 't found a quick way to put this on one handed .
will wait for the new sony .
i would love to get 5 bars where ever i go but i 'm being realistic , this is a passive device after all , if you want more power go and buy an booster amplifier .
there is definetely better phones of about the same or better price .
i had my partner try it as he has the same kind of phone and it did the same thing to his note 2 . so i had to return the case for a refund .
feels like it 'll float away if it 's not plugged in , lol .
i guess you get what you pay for it was enexpensive and so was the material as well .
i carry it around with me in my backpack in case i get stuck out without power now .
it is a bit uncomfortable but it absolutely holds it in place .
was cheap fulfills its purpose and is sufficient quality to last the duration i will likely need it to .
this is fine for what i use it for .
i was impressed with how small this is compared to others on the market .
after i put it on i was a little disappointed , there were a couple spots , but the instructions said you may notice some blemishes that go away after a day .
i do love the phone and that 's all that matters .
battery life still is aweful because it is a crap phone but thanks !
i do n 't know if my form was missing some information , or something was mistyped no idea at all what happened .
buy more than one and youll be fine
it took almost 3 weeks to come .
i got this for my grand daughters phone as she is 9 and drops all kinds of things . . it was my old phone and gave it to her as an i pod but still . .
the size makes it great to have in my purse or backpack incase of a dead battery .
great what else can i say .
the other reviewers are correct when they say this is a quality product .
this one must have a learning curve .
i realize that it could be just a single defective one , but , of the three other reviews , only one person out of four of us recommended this cord .
we purchased a used chocolate to replace a lost phone and of course the battery did not work very well , this new one makes the phone like new for not much $ $
the ear pad is comfy , and i occasionally forget i have this on .
buy one for each vehicle you drive .
after my heart started beating again i found out the phone was just fine .
if that 's what you want , get the other one .
i have ordered mine from a .
they do the job that they are supposed to do for my dad 's work for when the customers need to sign on the android tablet .
we did n 't get it for about 8 weeks after ordering and ended up getting a refund , but it did n 't matter about the money , the wait time was frustrating ( we obviously ordered it for a reason , we needed it ) . after all that waiting it did n 't work .
how can they be this cheap and work so great ? ? i really ca n 't believe that i pretty much gave so much money on these cables at the fruit store and then here are so cheap .
i bought it as a replacement for the lg dare my four year old brother has he uses it to listen to his music .
now the downside they are not durable .
i bought this product so i could view my 5th gen ipod videos on my car and it worked great ! . . .
on my phone and tablet ( only phone has screen protector ) well it works do n 't get me wrong but it needs to be better because it seems to jump around .
so far this phone has been great .
i liked the product , the only thing that sometimes it would not stay connected inside the phone .
the volume is too low for me to hear callers if there is any ambient noise , and the static which happens sporadically * usually when i 'm on an important call makes this virtually unusable .
i 'm quite satisfied with the purchase .
so , i decided to try this on my kindle to see if it would fit .
there are many fake imitations of this made in china that will burn up your battery or otherwise ruin something i found people 's amazon reviews most helpful in describing what you should look for to make sure of authenticity ( photos included w some reviews ) .
these like most generic iphone ipod products are a hit and miss .
this is a big concern since you ca n 't fit a case on the phone when in this .
i was so excited when i got these headphones ( no more cords ! ! ! ! ! ) . the first time i used them walking across campus they worked great with no problems at all .
i bought this thing for my blackberry and it 's such a great thing to have to protect your screen and avoid from scratching .
i knew this was a crapshoot .
i 've gotten these a few times in the past , so i do know that they do n 't work for very long . . . . maybe up to 6 months , but again for the price and they work well , worth it .
since these would not in any way protecting your screen from breaking , i decided that it was n 't worth having them on as they only made my phone look a bit crap .
they get a lot of wear , so i buy them two at a time .
i do n 't really use this charger unless i really need to keep my phone alive . it does just that . it 'll revive your phone and give it enough juice to last until you get home .
i ordered this sets of cords a couple of weeks ago 7 20 , set of four , fist cord is already broken 7 31 , it did n 't fall apart , it just wont charge .
i bought it before they changed the look features of it and it looks even better now the battery itself uses usb to charge ( why did n 't they do that in the first place ? ) . after dozens of uses , it still charges just as much as it did on the first day ( i 've had it for 5 months ) .
i have n 't found a good hard case solution for it yet . update on 8 16 08 i thought i lost my 510 , so after reviewing all the newer units , i bought another one !
i 've dropped my phone so many times and this case has yet to break on me .
i tried to listen to music as i fell asleep .
the cover went on easily i only had to back it up a few times to get out big bubbles .
ashame really , if not for the signal issues i 'd give this pair 5 stars .
sent them numerous email messages nothing back . so , i would highly recommend to stay away from this very undeveloped product .
finally gave up on all their products as the connectors are always iffy .
i 've returned the unit and have reordered the normal 510 for $ 10 more .
i have n 't heard of this happening anytime soon , or at all , but i have heard they are coming out with new models that have higher mah ( 2000 ) soon , so that will be nice if it is still the same small size !
i work in a dead zone .
hmm , ok , i 'll replace it . every time that i tried to answer a call with that wondrous one button wonder i disconnected or worse , could n 't hear it loud enough .
this was a bad investment but for 78 cents i ca n 't complain too much .
i was kind of leery because of how cheap this was , but worked like a charm .
and no problems with it getting stained or dirty or looking worn .
i do n 't suggest this battery at all even for $ 5 its was waste of time and money to deal with it .
today i was driving , in and out of drugstore , and home to my pc all while listening to a business call i had to monitor .
ordered 2 of these now i have one for the car one for my luggage and the original stays in the home .
you get what you pay . do n 't waste your time and money .
i think it 's well worth the money .
that was fine initially since it was a refurb .
imho this is slightly better than the moto h700 . it 's larger , and a bit heavier .
buy this now , one for your car , your spouse 's car , and a backup !
this means you can exercise outside while wearing them and not be in danger of not hearing your surroundings .
now i have a better solution i carry this around , plus the cable , and it does n 't matter if i ca n 't find an electrical outlet .
does the job and worked fine for me .
my phone is an iphone 3gs .
we 're far from perfection motorola , but you 're headed down the right path .
i used the original mophie juice pack for about 6 months with my 3g until i wore it out by cycling it twice a day it no longer took a charge .
i 've only had this for a few days , but so far the battery life seems great as well .
no reason to believe it wo n 't continue to work as intended .
if you 're looking for a basic case to fully protect your iphone without spending $ 40 50 dollars on the brand named ones , this is the one for you .
if the price was 10 lower i would give 5 stars
this means we need at least a little bit of a charge before watching shows ( this really lowered the effectiveness of this product and has changed my rating from 5 stars to 2 .
i had seen reviews by folks who had problems with this unit , but tried it anyway as the price was great . the initial charge took less than the 6 hours stated in the documentation , but i 've been using it for a week and have n 't needed to recharge it as of yet . the reviewer who recommended using the foam cover was absolutely right .
this has to be one of the best headsets out there , i have used many and this unit has to be one to beat .
i 'm in california and it arrived in 6 days including a weekend .
wish the cord was a little longer but it 's much longer than the one you get with the phone .
i 've been using this thing for about 2 years now and it still works great , i am very pleased with this charger .
when i purchased two of them , they took a very long time to end up at my front door , and that is a problem for huge music lovers like myself .
i have n 't really used the laser pointer as i have no need for it .
if i could give negative stars i would !
and this is easily the best cell phone i have ever had .
i go into the cell phone store and they want a small fortune for one .
we go through about one a year , but other than that it works great and makes it absolutely worth the price . what happens after a year or so ?
if i could do it over , i would 've invested in a different case .
i got actually 2 of these and they have been working great .
my decision was cemented when it stopped working after one day of use .
might buy another for my office .
the item arrived a few days after ordering it .
you 're battery life is terrible , like mine .
you have to push hard on the screen ( which ca n 't be good for the screen ) and is more of a pain than it 's worth .
i mention this because the coiled cord is fairly short by default .
i wish there was an option for better than perfect service as this company deserves it .
i have bought the best and they work good with the all the phone that i have bought
not really to much of a big issue though it 's so close .
i bought this for my dad .
i buy a lot of cases for my phones because i like to switch them out a lot .
i 'm knocking off a star for being a bit on the bulky side compared to other chargers i 've had .
the reception is not as good as everyone makes it out to be .
i purchased a defender for my wife ( the pink black one ) when she got her iphone , and eventually got a black one for myself .
not sure why because the charging light would be on but it would n 't charge any of the devices i tried to plug in that previously had worked .
none of them performed all functions and with all the iphones and ipods that they were supposed to be compatible with .
i only get a boost in signal ( more than 3 bars ) if i 'm within 5ft of the box .
i live in nyc , and as everyone knows its noisy here .
i am very happy with the price and product .
people really need to follow directions before complaining .
i am sort of satisfied with it , but i still get static sometimes .
before buying this set i searched a lot and did read a lot of reviews and finally i chose to go with this set .
came much shorter than i expected but it still did the job .
with stock being about $ 30 . 00 each , that will buy many generics and i 'm certain i 'll find as good as stock units , just not these .
id the wristlet breaks and im positive it will your product is pointless .
i 'm delighted with this purchase and will stick to this brand now .
both of us live i rural area 's .
the flashlight is n 't incredibly strong , but it comes in handyduring important times of need .
i 'm very disappointed with this because the product seemed to charge the phone but after a few minutes multiple times my phone restarted .
this headphone was included in the box of blackberry bold 9700 . for a long time i did n 't even dare to try it coz i was sure it wont be good .
i have ordered cheap chinese rip off chargers and figured i should actually spend some money to get a real charge .
it basically means you ca n 't use that vent all winter heat blasting at my iphone is n 't something i recommend and for those of us that live up north , sometimes it 's just too cold to give up your closest source of heat .
although amazon has kindly offered to compensate me , i would have just preferred the memory card to be included . update amazon has given me a little bigger refund which allowed me to purchase the memory card seperately .
mine is a complete loss and hers is on the way out .
it worked for about 9 months , and its like many things where the hassle to replace is less than return .
it has lasted through the abuse my purse receives during my busy days my bluetooth remains intact ! ! ! i think it would work just as well in pants pockets also .
it does exactlly what it claims to do .
if i wear the cheapy ones for more than 15 minutes , my ear will start to ache a little .
then he calls me later on and it is extremely choppy . . .
i gave my old 3gs phone to my son , so i wanted a good case that would protect it .
i get a warm fuzzy feeling in knowing it is a motorola device as i have had positive experiences with motorola equipment .
had lots of them . the only draw back is .
apples iphone 4 and 5 ! ! sometimes you can really get a good deal and good product .
this was very nice at a great price .
i own the 12000mah imp120d model which i was impressed with and led me to purchase the itorch imp52d .
this means that it 's either meant for another market or it 's counterfeit .
i am a heavy cel phone user 2000 min . mo . mostly day time . i find it strange in reading reviews of these items that some find a model to be quite good in a feature ( eg .
even though its physically large its design is so well balanced i forget i 'm wearing it . the controls are simple and well placed , it warns me when battery is low but keeps working for about 20 minutes giving me time to swap out .
unfortunately , my daughters are taking after me .
i needed to replace my old battery because i needed a phone after my daily one broke on me .
i do not , but i have heard push software can be downloaded . i have had pocket pc 's in the past , and had no learning curve with the program .
i also bought the silicon case from the same vendor ( also a good buy ) . go for it !
very happy . , excellent product , beautiful color , good material , it received in due time , very good price .
i let my iphone 3gs ( clarified to specify model ) get down to 16 battery power just so i could test this out .
there is however a reason why no one has uploaded a picture wearing them . . .
bought this current model after checking out several others .
i expected a little bit longer of a cable but i must have misread the length .
for me , it simply blew my mind that it could work as well as the above stuff .
i use this thing nearly every day .
let 's see how it does after a month or so . . .
i have had no problems with this device .
you ca n 't go wrong with this .
i was a bit skeptical about ordering this particular charger because of some of the reviews but i went ahead and took a chance and i 'm soooooo glad i did .
not really sure why i bought it .
when i got this product thought something felt wierd about the case .
this phone does everything well , and nothing great .
bought this for a colleague at work .
i got a great product at a low , low price !
came in fast . . . . works perfectly fine charges fast not like how the other reviews where they mentioned it charged slow . . . it got roasted when they plugged it in . . did n 't go in the charging dock right . . . my charger that arrived to me is the complete opposite of all of that . . . mine works perfectly fine as it should
i got this item in a timely fashion and the product was just as i expected .
i 'm going to be replacing my phone soon as it is so i saw no point in spending 25 40 bucks on a legit oem battery .
it 's fine if i am sitting indoors and the battery is sitting on a table somewhere , but if i am out and need to charge my phone in my purse or bag , i 'm afraid of damaging the cable .
i did n 't know it actually came with the iphone .
seems like i always have to say hi twice , after that it works just fine .
worked great when it worked but it is a cheap piece of plastic crap so i should n 't have expected it to last .
it 's great because you do n 't have a big cord hanging out all over the place .
and do n 't have to speak up to be heard .
though i paid slightly more , i did n 't pay shipping .
once paired with my phone , razr v3 , it reconnects each time in a matter of seconds ( usually ) . only once did it take longer .
my only complaint is that the button release is n 't on the same side as my older model in my other vehicle , other than that it works great .
great sound , i use my phone for music at the gym so i am moving around and i have had no problems .
i have purchased others , and followed the directions and still end up with lint underneath . . .
i find the volume to be acceptable .
finally i got someone on the line and they claimed that the headset is out of stock and that is why i did not receive it yet .
bought abt 6 of these an half worked an half did n 't !
the battery actually lasted a long time .
other than that they are great ! ( shipping took a while but not too bad )
the fit is very comfortable for me also .
can be left in the car or tossed in a purse or briefcase and easily found .
well , i have had these for i think over a year now and they still work great !
a little big , but you have to sacrifice something in order to get good sound .
nice to have for spare if i forget to charge the phone the night before . also has a nice look to it .
i used this charger in my car for over a year and never had any issues with it .
other than the fact that it only lasted a year it was a great purchase .
the only problem i had was that it is huge .
the batter died and then yo uahve to buy and solder a new one in there .
so , back in the box and back to amazon .
for all those u have been having problems with the phone turning on when in your pocket and who din know how to lock your keys that are outside . . . here is the solution . . .
it 's good at first glance even in person , but after a few short months you 'll probably end up needing another case .
i do n 't use it for workingout or with my cell phone .
this one it 's very nice and resistant .
i did n 't return it right away because i thought i would be able to read the directions that came with it and figure out how to unmute it , but have never been able to .
i bought this for my sanyo exacti and it works great so if your one of those people who are hesitant do to having cords that do not work i am here to say with the sanyo exacti this one does work .
for the price , i do n 't think you can ask for much more than that !
had to be trimmed down but it was n 't a problem .
i was very disappointed when opening it b c it was the first thing i seen other than the front damage . i did email the seller and told them and they were very nice and refunded me as i returned the product back to them .
the power button makes me ask , what were they thinking ? now , if they 'd just make a charger for it for my car , where i use it most , i 'd be more likely to rate this a 5 star product .
i definitely only like to go with oem charging accessories on my smartphones as i do n 't think it 's worth the risk to save a few dollars .
i feel i 'm less likely to drop the phone and that it 'll be a bit protected if when i do . 3 . the color is interesting and unusual . cons 1 . i ca n 't figure out how to clean it .
i needed a new charger asap it came within 24 hours .
well , i just got it today and decided to give it a try at work on my galaxy s4 , it charged from 80 to 100 in about 7 minutes ! ! yes i timed it !
after dropping my phone several times i decided i needed a better case to save my expensive investment !
what good is a case if its constantly coming off ! i do not like this case and would not suggest anyone to buy it !
he says it is comfortable and has the option to us the clip or slip it through his belt which he likes because he does n 't worry about dropping his phone .
but anyways its a great item to a 8120 user
unfortunately , i do n 't get to see their phone very often .
but mainly , it was unusable for me .
its better to buy more than one .
do yourself a favor and buy one , you won ; t be disappointed .
this is just an ok product .
so i picked this up on amazon . i used it with a sprint sanyo phone and the performance was terrible .
i just use it for my work commutes .
it is just what every env2 owner needs to protect their phone !
microphone seems good , nobody has complained they cannot hear me .
do n 't believe me , then purchase the jabra or one of the other headsets , place it in your pocket or purse and answer a call from your phone .
i opened it and replace the faulty spring .
the plug has started to fail , it does not stay in place all the time , yet it will still charge , it was definityle priced right .
i know car chargers and have seen many but this one does feel like an original or even better i must say .
they are not too long about 2 inches , so they are the perfect size the price for 10 was n 't much more than the price for 1 , so it made sense and i have extra in case one breaks . though the scheduled arrival date was a few weeks back from what i wanted but it did come within that time without an issue .
do n 't know how long this will work creditably .
i 'm not sure how these things will hold up against sweat over a long period of time .
who knows , that may cure problem , but first they will have to spend their factory dollars to investigate since they wo n 't give u . s .
i bought this for my gf for christmas , after opening it up and charging it christmas day it 's now been almost a month of being used daily and she has yet to need to charge it up again !
i bought it so i could use it to talk on the phone , so it is worthless to me .
i bought this so when my kids are in the back of my minivan i can plug there portable dvd player into my stereo .
so i had to go to the jabra website and ask them for a replacement and or refund .
original nokia e71x is a very nice product .
kinda disappointed so just ought one from the apple store
overall , i am happen with the purchase .
i like it much better than the wep400 i am currently using .
this battery did the job really well with no problems .
great and cheap , it is equivalent to the expensive apple product .
i was expecting it to be better .
it has 2 of everything , for the couple who has multiple power hungry devices ( you know who you are . . . ) in addition , after i bought the item i received a gracious email from mr .
did n 't get much feedback from the giftee .
if you are talking to clients on the phone all day , this is important .
it is inexpensive , and very portable .
it had been ran over in a parking lot , i knew right away that i would continue to used blueant products because of my great experience in thepast .
people tell me that i sound muffled when i 'm talking to them .
i like that can but a bunch and save a lot of money than buying at a store that could sell these for 10 $ . i am enjoying my new micro usb cable .
the sound is far better than i expected .
the only drawback i can see is that the charger is a bit longer than i would prefer , but it 's not a big deal .
you can always use it for another gadget though .
i do hacking flashing using this cable and never had any problem . i think some people do n 't know how to use their product properly so they write bad reviews and scare other people .
it 's a bad and used battery even though it was listed as new one .
it did exactly what it was intended for , no complaints .
i bought this one for my motorola razr .
the device does exactly what it is supposed to do once you adjust it for your individual phone .
first of all , it sounds like crappy little cheap speakers , which is basically what i was expecting so i ca n 't complain about that .
i am so clumsy i would not carry my iphone without a case because i drop it constantly .
i bought it as a gift and i 'm glad it took too long to get here .
the backing will not peel off , so you ca n 't use them .
if you are reading this review because you are shopping for a new bluetooth headset , just go ahead and finishing reading the next couple sentences and then you can do what i did . . .
good but if you plan to repair or take apart apple products this kit is completely useless and wo n 't be worth it
it is also nice to have the flashlight for when i am walking home at night from a late classes .
but the 2nd time i used them was in a crowded restaurant and the voices from a couple of movies i tried to watch ( online then a different movie on iphone ) were inaudible .
it is also a good value if you are traveling to the uk as all incoming calls there are free on your cell with this sim ( uk only ) . i would not leave the country without it .
i can say good things about this product but hey my company still uses blackberry , its pretty hard to put a lot of credibility to someone still using a bb , you would think my wheels on my car are made of stone !
very happy with the purchase , and would recommend to others
my cell phone was too old and could only be used to make phone calls . . then , i finally upgraded my cell phone . so now all i needed to enjoy music from my phone was a usb cable to connect my nokia to my old compaq computer ( the computer upgrade would come only recently ) . i first decided to order a no name usb compatible cable , big mistake .
i got this case as a freebie when i bought my iphone .
the inside lining is smooth but not as soft as i would want it , or as soft as i have seen in similar products elsewhere .
wao its great , with great service , i have to receive the item on feb 07 2013 but i received on jan 25 2013 . great service and excellent phone case for iphone 4 , i love it , really really great , and also good price , thanks .
my girls go thru these like they are candy .
felt ok first month or so .
one day i was able to spend 6 straight hours between calls and internet , and still had battery left .
if a backup battery is important to you buy this product and trust no other .
you have to charge it out of the box and it will take a cpl hours .
the price could not be matched anywhere .
i have several of these , from various retailers , all the same , each made in some anonymous chinese factory , all exactly alike . they 're great .
i had a razr v2 and it was the best cell phone i ever had so i up graded to the razr v3 late last year ( 2007 ) . the razr v3 is by far the worst cell phone that i 've owned .
well for the price i think it is ok .
the second problem i had was that i was never able to transfer a call from the device to the phone .
i believe i received 1 that just did n 't work , but for the price i was not saying anything .
i got this for a christmas gift .
well unless you put your phone in another case i . e .
i upgraded to a g1 , the first android based phone , and then immediately ditched it and went back to my beloved mda .
i upgraded the tablet with an ssd drive to get more performance and battery life and could not have done as good a job without this purchase for sure .
in all , a great cable for those who have either lost their original or need a second one .
i am going back to bestbuy to return it .
but i am really happy with the product !
the only time it does anything is if it 's on your phone .
i had actually purchased a pair of these for someone else , and they ended up only needing one .
my first one , eh , left just a couple of bubbles due more to user error than anything i think , for when i applied the second one , i had the 'trick' down and boy , it looked like the glass itself .
i guess i should 've read the details more they are less than 6 34 ; long maybe a tad bit longer , but still not what i thought .
sending it back to amazon but have to find one at a store so i can continue charging my phone .
yes , i liked them for a while and worked great with the iphone .
i like to pair them with my tablet or laptop and then fire up a movie or catch up on some tv shows while working around the house .
i purchased the device in november and by march the button had stopped working at all .
callers started to complain that they heard themselves talking back in their phone .
i prefer just to use the normal usb cable supplied with whatever device i 'm charging .
i preface this review with the caveat that i started using the voyager pro at the same time i purchased the motorola droid x .
while you can use it alone , in the future i am going to use it in conjunction with a charging pod ( which i have reviewed on amazon ) so that i do n 't have to bother with the micro usb port on the tour .
this is an essential item , you do n 't alway check to see if your phone is charged .
one gripe about this one is that the buttons are to recessed .
i purchased a few of these to replace some other cheap headsets that broke finally .
so far i have had a good experience with this product .
i bought three of these and had no problem with two . .
i have n 't tried the auxiliary truck plug on this one as i do n 't want to fry the battery .
i use this not for cell phone , i use this for put some gadgets for camping and works great for me !
i can see the cables so i am questioning how long it will last . the sad part is that this is an extra cord that i keep in my bedroom for charging my phone at night .
lasted almost a year ( so far ) . it 's the most durable charger i 've purchased .
it should be taken off the market , i think but to each his own !
over all i am much satisfied .
this product is worth the money .
it becomes necessary to disconnect the battery not just once but twice .
i got rid of the droid x and got a new moto x and use the new charger that came with it and do n 't have any problems with it .
good quality , buttons are still accessible , so much more secure than any case i 've purchased up till now .
this does exactly what it is suppose to .
i would recommended these to my friends and they do n 't scratch the phone .
i love that i bought this from them because it shipped pretty fast to me and there no problems with this charger .
it is nothing short of amazing ! ! one thing i learned , put it on and following spoken instructions when you pair it with your phone .
these are great because of the fact there are no wires .
i would recommend this product )
some bulk was added but i guess it is unavoidable .
i just picked up one of these so the next time i go to a convention and use my ! $ smart phone all day i wo n 't find myself getting a low battery alert .
that being said i love this thing .
you ca n 't even tell it 's there !
cords stay neat and easily available and compact .
i decided that i needed to keep a charger for my blackberry at work , as well as at home .
on my car it does n 't sit complete flush , but not a deal breaker .
i like the sound quality that i can hear when using them for when talking with someone else as well as when i listen to music , audiobooks , or podcasts on my lg optimus .
then my email did n 't get picked up on , then the 2nd email was misread .
charging it overnight is n 't a big deal and i 'm good to go for the entire next day without worrying about draining my battery to zero . i recommend this battery for all g1 users experiencing degraded battery performance .
having numerous people in our house with ipods and ipads , it was nice to find these at a much more reasonable price than from apple .
so it 's not magic , but it 's really good . i would suggest spending a few minutes practicing putting it on with one hand .
it was one of those last minute checkout decisions .
found another holster that was smaller that i liked better .
however it arrived in a timely manner and there were no surprises .
i just wish they 'd last a full day of use .
very difficult to use consistently and definitely a regret buying since i 'd rather have paid more for something more dependable .
could get one from motorola , they do n 't sell them anymore .
in any case its well worth the money .
i have had it now for a year and it has worked flawlessly .
i really wanted to like the device it does allot .
the biggest problem with it was that after a few months , it would n 't hold a charge .
you really have to jam this in and pull it out with a little force .
yah , me neither . i am going to give this to someone else who has much worse cell phone reception in their home than myself , and if they have better luck , i will update this review . but for now pass .
people told me to not bother trying to find a stylus for my htc sprint hero ; in their opinion , the search would be futile .
voice mail ) once your call is connected .
if they had made the ear loop another 1 4 i would be giving this 5 stars .
is there we are at now ?
i ca n 't tell you often it 's gotten my phone through a long day , either when i 'm traveling or just out for the day and unable to get to a wall outlet .
have had zero problems with this unit
i have one of these , everyone in the sprint store was using them and suggested it to me , and it 's the best headset i 've found to date .
i was too nervous to buy this type of product for any seller other than amazon .
really , you get what you pay for and do n 't be shocked if it does n 't work .
i received this card when i purchased an unlocked phone .
i bought three of these for my 9650 bold for the desk , nightstand and the office .
love this thing , and i 'm probably never going to buy another car charger as long as i live .
most of these are good though .
i 'm told that i 'm clearlyheard on the other end of the connection .
i loved this bluetooth , i still own it and would purchase it again with no problem .
i 'd recommend just be sure you order the correct size and style for your needs .
the bad part about the keyboard is that you have to use two hands for it .
please stop your search and buy now !
that said , i have n 't updated mine and do n 't intend to since it seems to perform fine as is . note the packaging is absolutely terrible .
waiting for the outcome , hopefully the phone will be really fixed this time .
this is great with this you get a lot of extra time it really gives you more freedom to not need an outlet when your out an about
people buy this product because it 's much cheaper than the one sold by apple .
i swapped it out for the moto h850 and am much happier with that unit paired up with my motoe815 .
i 've bought 3 4 of these chargers over the years .
with my galaxy nexus , these are a must have to use in the car and at work to keep the cord off to the side .
but other than that great product .
i have dropped my phone numerous times and not a scratch .
works great with the phone as intended . i got a few of these when i noticed they are good for someof my other devices .
i saw some people complaining that they could n 't rotate their phone while it was in the holder , but i did n 't have a problem with that .
also , it seems pretty light and hollow so i would n 't leave it lying around . . .
no contract , so if you need to take away the phone as punishment for something , it is not a money loss .
you pay cheap because it is cheap . . . .
in fact , i 'm keeping them around for other mobile phone work . the only thing i 'd recommend ( esp .
it seemed to work fine for about a month or 2 , and then i began having complaints that people could n 't understand me .
i am already getting better with the touch screen .
we love the stylus cause its universal and can be used on any devices .
now if i put the phone in my pocket it usually comes out missing a piece . . . . not a good look , at all .
it also was a little larger than i expected .
i bought this charging base two years ago when i got my 9630 tour new .
it took a some time to get to me plus it was not good on updating me on the tracking .
i bought 15 of them , because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current . no idea how long they last .
that also means that you 're not gonna be able to get all the bubbles out .
i end up having to push it back in every couple minutes , especially if i 'm moving around at all .
these are especially great in the car , as i can use the same charger as my phone to top them off .
i can easily get files from across the room or do other things while talking without missing a beat .
for the $ 35 bucks , i bought a new one and chucked my motorolla in the garbage . im so happy to have my scala back !
after only a few months of use the button began to malfunction and over time the button totally stopped working .
seriously , i ca n 't see how it could be any better .
i was thrilled to see i could buy skins to fit the ipod touch units and use them on this charger ( as opposed to it just being for the iphone ) and thought this would make charging much easier than trying to plug one unit in for awhile and remembering to come back later to switch over to another one . the setup could n 't be easier .
when i first received this product it worked well .
do n 't believe the breathless reviews about this .
volume range is sufficient , i often use this in the kitchen so i do n 't have to turn my speakers on excessively loudly .
in addition , at t nokia also provide a cd disk , as well as a data cable . ( motorola does not ! ) sure , it 's a little fatter than my wife 's rzr v3xx , but it is n 't as long , and yes , it 's bigger than the krzr which i dumped because the first one was doa and the 2nd started going bad after only one week .
will somewhat protect your iphone in case of a drop .
i have been using this charger for a year and it still has not broken !
when we talk it 's clear and fits snug to her ear which is a plus so she can do whatever and not have worry about loosing it .
i got this , and set it up easily .
the cord is a little short but this thing definitely does the job .
its great for the price but if your looking for a durable one nah this isnt the one for youyou can scratch the screen protector with your nails ! ! ! ! this is how easy to scratch itother than that its whatever
i tried them all , on both ears .
i have quite a few cases for my beautiful htc one , and they all have one huge problem ; they hide the phone .
i 've used my plantronics discovery 925 for the last four years and had been very happy with it .
buy the right kind ( like this one ) and do n 't accept imitations .
while it was engaged , we never lost signal , but i ca n 't say that the signal was improved , either .
i am going to start by saying i have had a lot of trouble with aux cables for my ipod , i use them every day in my car .
they are protective and easy accessible for charging .
charge me for it , its all good .
i 've tried all kinds of different chargers from amazon , and these have always outlasted them all .
they also seem a bit fragile and i 'm not sure how they will hold up .
and since you are no longer allowed to talk on the cell without one in maryland ( while driving ) , it has become a necessity . ( the state must have stock in bluetooth technology . ) anyway this is pretty nifty .
i 'd expect a simple usb cable should n 't last that short time
i use this primarilly when i am away from my bluetooth vehicle and want to be totally hands free on the phone .
it seems like i would have liked it .
you can only buy junk for so long .
it has worked for all the devices i plug into it thus far and it has been very reliable .
i let them dry out again and they worked fine for two days .
they charge good and hold a charge for along time i charge maybe once a week will order them again , thank you .
but is nice to have and carry around if you are a sim swapper .
held off doing the review until i had some usage . .
it is just what we expected .
i 'll put my own inside , but for the price i think they could have included something .
so , stay away from this if you plan to talk on the phone a while or have larger ears .
it make it easy when we are on the road , it minimizes the plugs that we need .
when i found out my wife was pregnant , i instantly looked to acquire a set of headphones that i could use so as not to disturb the sleeping baby .
it is not , so why spend more money for nothing special .
love it works great never had a issue with it at all would buy a million more ifi needed them
granted unrealistic but these batteries have several functions that you need to follow up on line .
they were cheap and you get what you pay for .
i mean i paid , what , $ 15 for the thing so was n 't expecting the best but at least working quality .
if you take care of it , it would not scratch easily .
i had the commuter for my 3gs and the thing i hated the most was that the case had to be removed in order for it be used in my dock .
but if you will need them more than once . . . spend the money on good tools .
the iphone is very slick and i have almost dropped it a few times .
i purchased these on a lark , as they are quite inexpensive ( compared to what i paid for the sony 's ) , and i wanted that convenience again .
perhaps25 . but that is plenty of time to complete a book or magazine over quite afew hours .
also , it has a short cord , which is great if you do n 't need a long one .
refuse to purchase from a vendor who does not or will not furnish you with this information it is critical in insuring that you are receiving fresh merchandise .
i see that some people think the cover makes it look cheap , but i would personally rather have a 2 discoloration ( mostly psychological anyway ) than a scratched iphone or itouch .
i mailed the phone back monday and thursday i got an email saying they have issued the refund to my bank and its being processed with the shipping amount i paid to have it returned ! ! for this alone im giving it two stars .
after using this for a while , it is still garbage .
i only need to recharge them every 6 or 7 uses .
very good , rapid charge great price would recommend it to a freind .
and i am very happy to report that it works perfectly with the verizon xv6800 smartphone ( also known as the htc 6800 or mogul 6800 on sprint ) . no one reviewing here had tried it with this device , but i wanted the functionality so i took a chance and ordered it anyway .
my similar case from marware had finally worn out after a year and a half , so i was shopping for a new one .
what if this was to be a gift ?
this is a plus in my opinion since holding the phone or moving it around with the softer cord puts less stress on the usb jack in the phone . i bought mine directly from amazon and i actually just ordered a second one , i do n 't see how you can go wrong with it ( as long as you get a real one just like mine ) .
i have been using this case on my 3g for 18 months and it 's still in great condition .
frankly , since it 's holding my $ 300 phone and who knows how much in apps , i 'm kind of glad it does .
i think i 'm going to try the commuter case next .
also the led light is a life saver for when it 's dark and you 're not sure if it 's working or not .
all i need is this little gem .
either way , i did n 't take any action because the product is so cheap that it would cost its price to return it and it 's too much of a hasle . i did still put it on my screen even though it does n 't fit ( too big ) and amazingly it still did n 't fall off and looks very transparent and it 's very protecting .
this is a good phone , i have owned one previously and it 's a good phone for my son , especially since you do n 't have to have a data package
so far these are borderline at best on volume they 're just barely adequate in a car .
doesnt seem to charge as fast as the one i had though .
i just could n 't justify spending $ 10 for 1 or $ 15 for 2 at my local store .
i got what i paid for .
this leads me to the battery life which is great .
i would recommend to others , but seems to just be a normal case .
i cannot miss it in my purse .
cellphone dies every day because battery is low .
this should fit the galaxy note 2 without a problem . i 've been using it for a couple weeks and still working great .
i own 2 of the first generation they are just wonderful .
i am more than happy with these screen protectors , the price is unbeatable . i was worried they would be cheap and flimsy , but they are far from that .
the leather is great , it feels comfortable , it 's just a seriously awesome case . the problem is , i want to use it as a basic wallet as well , and it fails miserably at that .
jabra was the first one i got , and now i 'm back for jabra .
i drop my rating from 5 to 3 . i only bought this because it was $ 0 . 01 at the time .
i chose this rating because the product never came .
until recently , i had to compromise by getting my sister 's discarded 7100 kept that plugged in and swapping batteries every night when i came home because her 7100 had a different malfunction that made her phone inoperable . i just upgraded to the curve in december and did n 't want to go to the hassles of having that piece fall out again .
this is the first holster i 've used where the the design itself is flawed .
of course it was user error .
would be back to update comment re life of battery or if something negative has happened .
the only negative is that it is just a tad too short .
looks industrial and kind of cool but not so bulky that it wo n 't fit in a pocket ( i was pleasantly surprised as i thought it might be more bulky ) . regarding price , i do n 't think you will find it cheaper than this .
great price is the number one plus !
i had it hooked up to my iphone in my pocket on a trip to chicago and it would connect disconnect repeatedly .
plus it is small enough to put in my purse .
whatever the reason it 's worthless , unless you are in an interference free zone . ahhh . .
plus i also plug it into my tv , which the sound is pretty low on , and i can actually hear the tv without being right next to it .
perfect for someone who doesnt want a flashy but nice case .
he can wear it on his hip or put it in his pocket .
people used to always complain of difficulty hearing me when i used my headset , but i never get complaints on this one , even when i 'm talking to my wife , who holds no punches when it comes to technology .
do you have some money to waste ?
problem that i had was how easily it scratches .
it seems to do the job so happy with my buy
after a week or so the case has loosened up just right .
the cords are nice and long and the chargers do what they are supposed to do .
i just returned this phone for a replacement because of dust under the display screen , i was told that it is a 'known' issue , but that my replacement phones warranty will expire this month at the same time as the original that i purchased .
i think it dropped a couple of calls , but cannot be certain where the blame lies .
giving as a gift for christmas .
this unit is also available on amazon .
just shows how much we as a cosumer get ripped off .
i just purchased this device , and use it with a motorola v365 cell phone ( at t ) . although the quality of the sound may not equal that of your land line phone , or maybe even your cell phone under ideal conditions , it is excellent .
was going push up or down .
i love the fact that i now have a charger that takes a usb cord , i can use it for all sorts of electronics .
it broke on the side in no time . . . ( have n 't even had it 24 hrs ) . i am not sure what the photo is but the one i recv 'd did not look anything like this .
quick and simple process . only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is that the silicon ear pieces do not fit quite as well as i would like and tend to slip out if active when using them requiring reinserting them too often .
we now get 4 bars in areas where we only got 1 . we also tested it in our shop ( metal steel ) where we do n 't get a signal at all and we get 3 4 bars depending on how far away from the unit we were .
my husband wanted one for his phone so i got the same ones i had ordered before .
i bought this after looking at most the other comments .
i really like these because of their length .
i bought this as a replacement for my husband 's iphone .
i bought this and it was the best i have ever had .
like a nseries real fan , my last purchase was the n96 . i was willing the n97 to have a serious gadget , computer and entertainment all in one device .
this is the second hs850 motorola i have purchased , and they both work great . ( the first one developed a crack in the ear loop after three years , but it 's still working and i use it as a backup . ) these used to sell for $ 99 . 00 , so at this price it 's quite a bargain now . ( i bought the bulk package . . .
since most smartphones are battery hogs , you ca n 't go wrong with an extra charger for only $ 5 . i 'm thinking of getting one more so i can have one by the bed , one downstairs , and one at the office .
i got these cables as my old ones were worn out and starting to fail .
sometimes you may have to repeat orders .
this is a great charger , the only thing that gets me sometime is the coiled cable .
first , i thought it might be my phone since it is about two years old .
the second died shortly after less than a week of use .
it is very inexpensive but other than that , i would n 't recommend it .
i like it because of the size and the color .
automatically disconnected from the phone without a reason .
although when it 's windy outside people say they ca n 't hear me very well over the breeze on the 520 . have n 't had any issues with it though , it 's pretty user friendly with good battery life .
all three times i purchased this product it ran no more than $ 30 , but since they 've redesigned it the quality has gone down the price has increased to what you see now .
this was for my boyfriend and he likes it
these are cute and inexpensive but not really feasible . . . they should atleast have a clip attached so theyre hard to lose n easy to carry around . . . they work really well though !
who could n 't say 'yes' to such a looker ? ! ! ? !
is it seriously so hard to charge these devices that someone would need to spend close to $ 180 for this contraption ?
now i can stream music through my radio ( using my phone ) without worrying about my battery dying while i 'm on the road . 5 5
i had a bt530 jabra for a year worked great !
i bought this phone from amazon . com .
we got this for my son to use on his job as he drives all day long .
but for other considerations it is about 2 . 5 stars .
he says it is working like it should .
this is the 2nd headset i have bought the first one i lost when i went to replace it i bought 2 different ones and hated them both ! ! i will only use this motorola headset it is clear and comfortable i highly recommend ! !
you ca n 't beat the price on these cords especially when they even offer free shipping .
i have tried several ( and failed ) other bt head phones ( both more and less expensive ) and until now it 's been bad .
so i quit walking around with the phone in my pockets as it always ended badly .
they never answer the phone so i left 2 voice mail messages 1 email .
this charger broek within two days of getting and no help on returning it for it being falty .
i got the cover in july right after purchasing the new gs iphone .
my brother has dropped his phone several times with this on and his phone looks like he just opened the box .
bought this to use with my iphone 3gs .
they do n 't last very long before breakage , so i would recommend ordering more from the jabra website ( $ 7 for 5 ) . overall , a good device .
sticks out from the phone or what ever you put it on will buy it again .
i 'm talking ah out the rubber changing . bottom line at this price , when the get thu funk , swap it out and dump the old one . e
then , of course , i knew amazon would come up with something . . . they did , $ 4 . 00 and change . . . it arrived promptly .
i recently purchased two of these batteries for my four year old nokia cell phones .
you never know when you will need a charge n this one works great
iphone 3g is stale , out of date and boring . . . . . . i would rather go with the samsung galaxy android phone rather than iphone and their ios that never changes in 5 years .
they have a really good battery , about 6 hrs .
robot kept repeating his lines , no matter , what you said , he kept repeating the same thing , which had nothing to do with what we were asking for .
i bought this for my kid to take on a school trip to charge his phone , and for me to take on business trips .
i even took it to a brick and mortar store to make sure i was n 't missing something .
i would have given it 3 . 5 stars if i 'd had the option . i decided against ordering a third and opted for something non retractable but hopefully more sturdy .
as a matter of fact , you wo n 't even realize it is there .
and if i hold the phone outside the car when i drive through these areas , the calls do n 't drop . i bought this device with the hope that it would allow me to keep calls going without rolling down the windows .
i ordered two and the first two did not work at all , i got two more and of these one was only spotty at best and the other got super hot when it was plugged in .
this was purchased for my grandaughter for christmas .
i have seen them upwards of $ 60 in some arenas .
no problems to report with this item so far .
i would think that a reputable merchant would have suggested a replacement option , but none was offered to me .
i do construction for a living so have to be able to keep in touch with clients a lot .
it was very hot to the touch when i unplugged it . it is quite possible that if i left the device plugged in longer , it would have started a fire . now , i have to start looking for another one , one that wo n 't burn up with one use . and , one that will actually charge my phone battery . if shipping charges were refundable , i would return the defective device .
but there 's more . . . new trent called me out of the blue a couple of months ago to ask how i liked my imp70d .
i recommend igo to anyone with different brand cell phones mp3 players in the family .
i hate this phone . . . i was drawn to it by it 's appearance and size but what a horrible dissapointment .
this battery i received is no better than the old worn out battery i am trying to replace .
ideally , a company like this should keep innovating and ensure customers continue to invest in new cases . that said , the protection level is still quite good not quite 34 ; feel fine dropping it 34 ; , but i 'd certainly would n 't be too worried to throw my phone in a bag .
they do n 't tell you how long this cord is .
it works perfectly , and i ca n 't recommend it enough .
did n 't seem to help in the car either , but i do n 't really need it there .
it 's great because i can see the without having to get out from under the covers and pick it up . i have to take the silicone case off because it will not fit with it on but that 's not a big deal . i 'm a completely happy with this purchase .
at this price , order 3 or 4 of them and chances are you 'll end up with 2 or 3 good ones and still not spend nearly as much for the authentic apple cords .
it works really great and i have a lot of coworkers asking me where they can buy one
imho this is slightly better than the moto hs850 . it 's smaller , and lighter .
i upgraded software as per customer service , it did n 't help much . gps is great when it works , but too often fails . bluetooth stereo is great when it works , but too often it fails and devices have to be reset repaired . i have to reboot an average of 4 times per week . one solid plus , the cell signal has been outstanding for me .
the only thing is the zipper .
of all i had , this is definitely the best .
people think that i am talking straight to my phone .
ordered two , one for me and the wife .
hooray ! ! the phone is not used much so the battery has kept charge for the last four weeks .
i 'll keep it around so i can use it if when my microusb port breaks .
with two bad experiences with this company , that was the last jabra product i 'll ever buy .
you ca n 't go wrong for the price .
i 'm not sure why some would complain about this feature , as most phones have one . . . i 'm not sure what all the fuss is from other reviewers ( more often on other brands . . . ) , but this headset seems perfect to me .
they are better than my computer speakers .
my phone is the galaxy s3 sgh i747
my daughter is very happy with it .
i finally finished the install , but had to replace it again after the screen broke another time .
i can have the phone on my belt and the connection never get 's interrupted , in fact in the last week since i have had these i have not had one instance where the connection has dropped due to interference ! ! woohoo ! ! sound quality is acceptable and so are the phone calls .
saw this online and gave it a try .
but all in all , great product , service , and i 'm happy with it .
my concern was whether the screen protector would pick up scrathces when in my pocket and it passed that test each and every time .
it 's extremely lightweight and can be worn for hours on end without discomfort .
i 'll never buy another sony ericsson product .
i bought this product even though some reviews were strongly negative .
i 'm trying out the offering from philips next . . .
i anxiously awaited this phone for a couple months , the day finally came and the phone arrived and what a disappointment it was ! i spent about a week trying to get used to the feel of the phone , i really gave it every effort but the phone just did n 't work the way it should have .
the good news is , i barely have rotated while it was on my person .
first thing i noticed . . . . is that they are short .
want to keep it in one piece ?
to set up that temporary phone and get used to it , i bought this card and activated it online .
it was bad having to always disconnect this because everyone on the other line could not hear or understand me .
i would definitely order again i need more covers for my phones .
just wanted to get the word out that these will fit the lg lx570 musiq .
so it did n 't really do its' job .
i hate walking out the door with 40 left of battery life on my iphone5 and having to not use my phone like i would like to in order to save battery .
keeping a spare battery around ensures that you 'll have the device at the ready and playing working hard as you do .
it 's defective and i did not return it immediately .
these could be doa , last a couple of weeks or a couple of months depending on the seller .
depending on if you have a case on your cell phone or not and what type it is , you may have a little bit of struggle getting your phone out .
i have n 't used it with batteries yet .
it is n 't so bad that you could n 't play but it definitely gets annoying super fast .
and we connect both phones and keep them fully charge at all times .
the cord only worked for about a week before it randomly stopped being able to charge my phone lol do n 't waste ur money , it takes like a month for shipping
updated 4 21 13 . after having this device for a few months , it just quit on me .
but the price is pretty reasonable .
but it does its job by protecting the screen and the touchscreen is still responsive unlike other products where you have to spray a certain liquid on it and wait for it to dry .
used this in a phone i repaired , battery fit perfectly and seemed to work fine , phone was on 5 percent , left it for two days , then i checked and it was on 1 , seems legit .
this is not the fault of seller , with no case on my iphone it would fit perfectly but i need the case or i 'd kill my iphone several times a day .
that said , the screen protector became so gross overtime that i had to peel it off .
i like to keep car chargers around , because i travel frequently .
needed a new battery for a temporary phone , worked great !
though not necessary , it 's a niceadd on . this is a big one .
i place this one in my ear canal and it is so comfortable that you actually forget that you have it on .
no fuss no muss . i paid a substantial amount of $ $ $ for my unlocked iphone and to me this was a worthy investment .
i 've been impressing all my friends with it 's audio quality ; regardless of it being wireless or not .
i have n 't seen a significa n 't improvement in my signal though .
both my wife and i have switched to headsets for use in the car much less convenient , but much better audio quality . for some reason i cannot change the of stars i originally assigned , but it should be a two star product , not 4 stars . . .
the cord is short if you plan on using the phone while plugged in , but i heard you 're not supposed to use any phone while charging ( for safety reasons ) . i have had no troubles with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
do n 't know why i just did n 't get the 520 in the first place . the charger stand takes a bit of work to pry open before you can install the cord .
i recognize that the latter is probably unavoidable , but anything that could be done to improve battery life would be _most_ welcome .
i used the charger on one long trip and i can finally give it a review .
this phone is still going strong despite many years of hard use . maybe it qualified as a smart phone when it came out , but now ( entering 2013 ) , it could only be considered semi smart at best .
other than that i have no complaints .
as of this review , i have not come across anything i dislike about the product .
i never had this problem with my 320 . 2 . still not able to connect to two devices simultaneously ( computer and a phone ) . i am well versed with a variety of technological products .
works as good or better that any other one that i ever had .
there are there tips included one that fits several blackberry models , one for motorola and one for nokia .
my ear buds are getting very loose after four years , so i am ordering another set of those .
i went through a 3 pack in 20 hours . boo . 3 5
not sure what issue is here .
they do precisely what i need them to do , and they 're of decent quality !
i was very happy to see that these were still available and at a much better price than what i paid way back . i love that i can use these with my cordless phones as well as my cell phone .
but this battery will turn your phone into that computer cell phone it was meant to be .
i would like it better if they could increase the battery life .
yes , you do n 't want to drop your phone but really is n 't that what a case is for ?
i was abled to charge to 70 or more percent in just 30'ish minutes . . .
when i saw this phone i figured i could not lose .
the ones that worked got the job done , did n 't last long !
with all the other things out there i should have never purchased this .
it is a definite must have for ipod users .
it looks like you can just wash it off though .
it may be my ears but it gets irritating and painful after a while . . . for me anyway .
would recommed this item for anyone that drives for a living and needs to comminicate while driving .
i bought this for my wife and she says she loves it .
people i 've talked to say that it sounds like i 'm in the same room as them .
they also have a slightly larger tip you can put on , but i just prefer the small ones .
i do not recommend this item .
good for just getting by . update they sit in a closet so nothing new , but i did think to ad that they are great for portability being so thin and i 'm sure they work fine , just did n 't clear out the hum between my comp and my tv same as one i had built in my vga cable .
just look at this lucky guy from haiti ! ! ! . . . .
i have never bought an actual set in a box before .
i took a chance on this and i am very happy .
the design is very nice and simple .
he calls it his emergency phone , but it is usually dead .
i can understand one unit being bad , but two units that were shipped several weeks apart should n 't be . when i called for technical support , i waited on hold for sometime , and then gave up .
overall , this case is wasted for me , just does n 't cut it , even though i so badly wanted it to .
i 've had a lot more problems with ebay than amazon , which is why i switched .
i know there have been software releases to make the phone work the way it was intended but i just did n 't have the time to invest in it . i 'll make this short and to the point , if you 're a business power email user then this phone will cramp your style , try it out for a week or two and you will see .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
i also tried this out on my cell phone and it does fine . ( the fact that it is a battery charger is a nice bonus . )
if you have an ipad , iphone , ipod or any device that has a glass screen , a good screen protector helps not only with the scratches , but also from cracking and breaking .
but it works for what i need .
its only a dollar so do not get your hopes up .
these screen protectors fit the iphone 3gs perfectly , and truthfully last forever as long as you take care of them and do n 't pick at them like i 've told my kids .
they are not exactly the same as the apple usb cable ( to be expected ) but it still worked .
product was what i asked for .
yo get exactly what you order in a timely fashion .
i beat it up pretty good , dropped my phone a several times and this case kept it safe !
i have a giant head so maybe it is a bit much for me , but they seem durable
my phone was having issues where it would n 't stay connected on a call and this fresh battery fixed that .
so the sound was not good .
it is rather short so make sure it will serve your needs .
the only complaint i have is it could be louder , but it serves my purpose .
save your $ 30 and get another one .
it felt very flimsy but i tried it and was afraid to drop phone .
but it does what it is supposed to .
as a test , i had a friend call me from 50 feet away , once with no case no echo , then with the otterbox and sure enough an echo .
save your money and go elsewhere !
highly recommend , but after like 30 minutes , your ears kinda start hurting , sadly but its nothing horrible .
this imp70d was the first of all the newtrent products that i own and it does a great job . i was going on a trip and knowing that i would not find any place to charge my phone throughout the day , i decided to buy this model imp70d . it charges my blackberry torch in less than an hour .
i find though that i can easily put this battery and my smartphone easily into my coat or suit jacket pocket without issue to allow the phone to charge .
it 's been my office for a while now , and i 've been going without access .
it works , so i will keep the product and see how long it lasts .
and he sent the item to me on a timely manner .
now i have only my stuff on the card so . . .
i previously owned an h300 and was impressed with the quality for the price .
i had them before and hated their ( lack of ) coverage and bad service . that said , the v300 is a very good phone .
i did try for a longshot and connected it to my macbook pro , but no sound came out .
i was surprised but it works and does everything i need to do and for the price you ca n 't beat it .
no one ever knows where i am or what kind of phone i 'm on . highly recommended . . .
the cleaning cloth is very helpful thank you try it ca n 't think of anything else
it took 10 15 minutes to figure out the trick .
if you buy this be prepared for the device to turn on and off at very in opportune times . . . . .
does n 't affect the way it 's used but if , like me , you need something bright to help find stuff . . . . like ear buds . . . . you might want to pick a different color . otherwise i am a happy customer !
standby about 3 to 4 days , talk about 3 to 5 hours , maybe more .
not really much to say here , just the cheapest one i could find at the time .
i guess thats what you get for 5 bucks .
and the sound quality is the worst ever . it does not worth the high price . i ca n 't recommend this phone . and i ve had bad times with nokia phones . update before you buy this phone , google , create new server profile nokia 5800 . this is a common problem , and nokia has no answer for this .
and here is where i took one star away as i found that if i did not position it properly people had a difficult time hearing me .
if not , no wonder you are getting bubbles .
they 're small , but they 're just not small enough for me .
having the holder come loose from whatever you stuck it to just isnt going to happen .
this is exactly what i needed .
more times than not you have to press it against your ear .
the reviews are a little scary .
but i would not buy this phone for the camera .
i hope this prevents people from getting ripped off . the seller even tried to get to recall this negative comment and promised a refund .
it has helped me to realize what i 'm wasting for energy .
i 'm in love with the case .
i bought this phone after making a horrible purchase at cingular with their lg320 . terrible phone . i bought the w810 so that i could play music at the gym after my wife started using my ipod .
i occassionally have to use two hands to put it on my ear correctly . i would definitely recommend this item .
this is the fourth ( 4 ) one i 've purchased .
wrong this seller does not respond to email and i a having to go threw amazon jut to get my money back if you are smart you will not buy from this seller
the power button also feels a bit flimsy , like i could break it if i was not careful when pressing down . it is easy to take with me .
may get a couple of more for around the house at this price .
other than that , if you need a small portable battery since you are a person that is always on the go .
i am very sensitive about clients and calls with press people hearing me clearly , easily and consistently .
i use it to connect my droid incredible 2 to my computer .
it worked good for a few months .
i 'm very tempted to buy one for my car since it works so well .
everyone i have spoken to says they can hear me fine and i never have to raise my voice . i am glad i got the t305 instead of one of the devices that has a display because i am fairly tall and i believe a display would end up being in my line of sight .
while i spend most of my time within the city limits there are times i venture out to the coast or to the mountains and find my signal to be less than fantastic .
so if you do n 't need your numbers and symbols too often , i really recommend it .
i will consider buying from them again however i will be more careful to read the product description
would recommend to everyone for an extra cable .
but , i bout this for $ 29 and now i see it 's listed at $ 50 . i would n 't have bought it for $ 50 . meantime , i 'm still experimenting with a solution for the powerpoint presentations .
this product is very good and great priced item as well . . .
easily beating even the discount superstores where i 'd seen this for 50 more .
it is short but that is n 't the worst problem ! it does n 't stay in my phone .
highly recommended . edit two months later and i 'm still pleased as pie with the commuter case .
i have had the sound id before and was very happy with it so when i lost my other one this is the bluetooth i would buy again .
i got this to try and replace a screen , found out i 'm not a phone repair person .
i hope the construction lasts long enough to validate the price .
hahaha ! what can i say , this product is a direct replacement and behaves as such .
purchased the exact same unit . update 2 24 13 still love the mount .
the only thing i do n 't love about it is that it does n 't have as much grip as some of the other cases .
after all the water damage we had after hurricane ike , i decided to get something to protect my cell phone if , god forbid , we have more hurricane damage .
amazon requires that i write a minimum number of words for a review to be posted , so most of this is filler , but do n 't hesitate to buy this cable .
i tested it by calling several people and nobody can hear me well .
i guess you could cut off the plug and wire it directly if you wanted too , but that 's a pain ! ( awesome resolution !
i bought this about 4 or 5 months ago from amazon ( bargaincell ) for less than a dollar plus shipping ; followed the instructions cleaned the iphone , wiped it clean with the given cloth and applied the screen .
well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last .
one for my wife and one for me .
we now use the magic jack and only make occassional calls .
i purchased a pair of these for my father in law to replace the batteries in his and my mother in law 's phones . . . arrived early and as promised !
what more can i say ? ! this is an awesome deal for the money !
but its not a brand new .
i can pause and resume what i was listening to on my iphone anytime . cons sometimes misses a second of music ( does n 't happen with calls at all ) . stereo sound quality is good but not fantastic .
i would n 't recommend this product because of the sound clarity and range . $ 10 $ 20 more will be worth it .
feel great , sweat does n 't seem to bother them , i will by another pair if my set ever breaks , 6 months and counting
came off my phone in just a few days .
i like that it has magnets on each bud so they cling together when i 'm just putting them away . the sound is crisp and clear . i 've used it a lot when i am on call in the car or just at home and they are perfect .
the family went camping this weekend and we were out in the middle of no where in a tent .
since the speakerphone is so loud and clear , do n 't really use it . the microphone is very directional , needs to be set up correctly .
they gave it high praise so i picked up a few .
i bought it specifically to pair with my htc hero and have music anywhere .
this is the real deal motorola product .
i 've always been leery of chargers that come this way .
really gives me peace of mind toward the end of the day . update february 2014 broke after 5 months of use .
buy a handful and have 'em in car , at computer , stereo they 're so inexpensive but so awesome !
search for the hs810 to see my complete review . update 07 21 2005my motorola v710 went in the dunk a few months ago so i had to buy a new one .
i keep it on my key ring for when i need it .
after 5 months of enjoyment , my pair finally broke on me ( because i accidentally stepped on it ) , but after using my similar htc earphones and realizing the difference , i decided to pay the extra $ 6 so i can return to listening to my music in all it 's clarity and depth .
i still use it , just broke the wall adapter that came with it recently , because of the stupid super tight outlet at our new house . . .
i would definitely purchase from this seller again , the price was excellent , and i 'm very pleased with the product and it 's performance !
but by june it was dead o roonie and i was in the dog house again !
i certainly recommend them , expecially at this price , buy two !
some suggested turning the brightness up , which might help but will drain your battery quicker . 3 ) there is a visible rainbow effect which might bother some people while others might find it cool !
if you 're in a car it may not shake out , but a great product and well worth the money
not the case and this will ruin your iphone .
i am thinking of ordering a few more of these in different colors . )
if i turned h790 off and turned h375 on , in same place , h375 worked fine .
but overall it is a good product and you will be pleased at its performance . update 4 29 2008 the speaker stopped working after a week .
and for only a buck you ca n 't go wrong .
did not and any noticeable change .
hey , you get what you pay for , i was just looking for a cheap one until i bought a new one from apple .
i 've been using it for a few days and i charge it fully each night .
it is a concern not to lose it it 's small and without wires .
this completely awesome case will be nearly useless to you after a few months .
everyone asks . . . whats that and i tell them its my charger .
works great at first then it does n 't after a few weeks very cheap but u get what u pay 4
my only complaint is the color is not what i thought , but that 's my fault .
unfortunately you wo n 't be able to hear the person that you called . not worth the price
ordered a second pair because my husband wanted my first set .
my pastor and his wife only had one charger so i gave him one and he loved it as well .
if you are looking for good , reliable sound quality and do n 't mind your bluetooth really standing out , this is a great choice .
i 've used it on two week long business trips and it has stayed in placed perfectly .
i ended up replacing it with their mount that sticks on .
my dad was still using the g1 until this year with this extra battery .
you get what you pay for , the chords are quite large and seem like they might come apart but it will work for as long as you need .
my dad was right the best lessons are the ones we pay for . . . .
it did not seem to dim the screen too much ( as you think it would ) . i really had no complaints with this product .
it was first to allow multiple apps open at same time ( ahead of i phone ) , but i 've got evo 4g now , which is in another league .
my chief complaint with this phone is that the ringtone selector is accessible from the outside of the phone which causes it to be changed when simply handling it or fiddling with it in your pocket .
so you will need a new case for it right away .
there is not a lot to say about this product .
my son lost his galaxy s3 so i was going to have to put him on my old faithful palm pre .
compared to other cases this is really cheap , but you do n 't have to sacrifice quality to save the cash .
it works better than all of the others i have used .
despite the fact that it is very noisy in my car when i drive on the highway , i still can hear excellent .
what else would you possibly want to know about it ?
my wife and i recently signed a new 2 year contract with verizon and got new phones , which as usual means we need all new chargers for our cars .
i have an ipod touch 4gen and have not experienced any difference in the fit .
but it is worth the money just to play with . .
as it turns out i could n 't be happier .
the only complaint i will echo is that it would be nice at times to have a speakerphone .
i loved this case so much that i bought another to replace my old one . ( long story on how but it was n 't the case 's fault ) the samsung note is a big phone , but i did n 't want to make it any bigger .
i bought this kit for my wife .
i love that it incorporates my wallet with my phone so that they are together instead of having to carry it separate .
a while back there was a software upgrade that is currently used in this purchase .
i 've heard from others that that feature could be causing the problem , but we will see .
did not look anything like what i seen on the ad , returned item .
i gave it a shot anyway , and lo and behold , it did start charging .
unfortunately i was able to scratch the second one after only two months keys in my pocket with the phone will do that but you know the phone itself is n 't scratched so it 's definitely worth the effort ! easy to apply makes the phone easier to use ca n 't beat it !
some may not like this though so ymmv . as for battery life , it seems solid .
obviously with the 5 stars i gave it i 'm recommending it . update february 11 , 2009 the bluetooth has slowly died .
im not too concerned because of the price .
i was a little nervous at first because of the mix reviews , but i tried it out and let me tell ya , the sound quality is really good .
thus , every few hours i have to hard reset my phone if i want to hear it ring .
although its inexpensive it is not worth your money .
unless you live in a real remote area .
really surprised about the poor connection .
i used it every day for about 2 years until it started to break at the hinge .
i turned my iphone and then my ipad back on and finally the headphones and they would only connect with 1 device .
the result the next day is almost invisible and just a few bits of fine mist that is already disappearing and will continue to dissipate over the next few days .
even though it is a bit larger than i anticipated , i still love the thickness .
i needed something for when i 'm running outside or lifting weights in the gym this fit the bill perfectly !
the corners have n 't peeled up at all ( after several weeks ) and the feel is nice and smooth under my fingers .
the reason is that they are terribly uncomfortable and unbalanced .
this is definitely a must have item .
this one is in the motorhome and we are very happy with the unit .
i use it for downloading my canon d7 dslr and it is perfect .
i realized last week that it fit the zune and i 've been loving it ever since .
i still have and use , good price , feels cheap , but works .
it lasted for less than a year and i always had trouble hearing people .
one came not working and they sent me two for the trouble .
i 've tried a couple different ones and this one works the best !
as soon as i got the package , i swapped batteries with my old one in my blackberry .
i 've used this for my last 2 phones ( droid x now galaxy 3 ) and it works great .
there was no provision in this review for 0 stars , so i gave it 1
i have better luck with my old battery .
i think ca n 't beat it for price .
not the best design , but since it 's only used in case of an emergency , it 's fine .
who knows how accurate that is , but if you 're taking it at face value , i find certain comfort knowing that my battery has n 't been sitting on the shelf losing it 's potential usefulness in holding a charge for my crushing of candies . after successfully opening my phone , i can confirm that all the labeling and signage match exactly to what is on the original battery in my phone .
i have had issues with clip cases because the clip always breaks and although you have to feed this one through your belt i know it will last .
and the ear anchor could be a little more rigid and smaller for smaller ears , but it will do as long as you are not jogging around constantly .
this is one of my favorite phones i 've own .
how can you go wrong at this price ? . . .
he says thay he does n 't even know he 's carrying it as it is so comfortable in the vertical position instead of horizontal .
here is a really cool item that allows you charge your electronic item ( in my case the kindle ) from anywhere .
we have had many cables that work some of the time , these work all the time .
so , i 'm planning on keeping it in my work bag .
that is always when you need it most .
pay a little more and get this .
i do n 't even think i used it for a samsung phone , but it did work just great !
personally , i love to use that usb .
they sent two new cables right away free of charge and now all is well ! ! ! thank you .
i was puzzled , but did as directed .
sometimes you press it for a few seconds , sometimes you just tap it .
i brought this along the last time i flew and it was great to be able to charge both my ipad and my phone at the same time .
it was pretty obviously something that had been returned but that 's not a big deal to me ( if it had been underwear or something i might have been concerned ) . anyway , it arrived nearly fully charged ( four out of five lights ) when i plugged it into a usb port on my laptop .
first i was a bit skeptical as the price was so low .
it gets the job done and thats all that really matters .
price was lower than any retailer that i saw this at .
i am very happy with the overall experience .
if you 're looking for a cover that is affordable and soft this would be it .
and compare against more expensive models as that 's where you usually get references to this replaced my crappy xyz which you may otherwise find got good reviews from people that got lucky or did n 't know better etc .
i also have on in the den and me and my dad are able to charge our ipads at the same time which we both love
. . . and this the one that works with each of two different htc evo phones ( evo 4g and evo 4g lte ) and first generation kindle fire .
the screen was easy to replace , i changed it for my niece 's iphone .
sound quality is n 't changed from if i just plug my headphones directly into my phone .
i could n 't figure it out because i thought the case would recharge it while it was in the case .
after drowning my last battery this one is even better .
guys , i have used several of my friends bluetooth headsets ( motorolas and jabras ) and had decided i did n 't want one .
it is only a 2db increase over the mini , but that got me a bar or two and in a remote area that really matters .
i would pay twice as much for it .
it will drive you crazy without this piece .
bought 2 of these for two iphone 5 's we have .
i was n 't too concered with protection or whatever just something to cover it .
it 's very easy . the only drawback i see is that they appear not to do well with sweat .
i was thinking this would help pull in a better signal for my sleek 4g . . .
and while i did n 't think i 'd really use it , the bluetooth functionality has definitely sold me .
i love that it is retractable , so i do n 't have a long cable getting tangle with other things !
after 2 weeks my charger just fell apart while i was taking it from the plug , not a strong charger at all i would have asked for my money but it was n 't even worth it .
i tried a more expensive brand from apple but found this one worked just as well .
in general i 'm happy with this product .
i had a hard time keepig it in and after 20 mintues it hurt my ear .
i have used these comfortably in many devices including tv , car stereo , samsung phones , and an ipod .
keep one at home and in the office .
great for the price . no problems as some others have stated .
otherwise , i would give it 5 stars .
battery life is good , but it does n 't warn me when it is about to die , just shuts off .
there 's not much to say about it , except one thing it 's perfect in every way !
but this one is the best people hear me clearly and there is no noise in the background that they can hear as well . . . .
it 's hard to notice day to day , but if you have to travel with it ( as i often do ) , that imperfection is jarring .
but , i wanted to give it the benefit of doubt and went ahead and charged it for use . it appears this is not a new battery for it only holds a charge on stand by only ( with no calling at all ) for just four days ( and i am in a good 3g area ) . . .
i like this because the buttons work just as well but they are protected at the same time from crud damage .
since this is its only job in life , it does it well .
the holder seems to be built better than the model i use . this is great for the person that uses their phone in the car for all of its features .
note that i did n 't ever fiddle with the ends during normal use .
unlike most non apple consumer electronics these days , this charger does exactly what you think it will do and does n 't introduce problems you did n 't think of .
i love the phone , its light and has good functionality .
i think i would have liked it to be larger in length and width , if it could be thinner in size , more like a smart phone . verdict despite the cons , i give it 5 stars .
i bought this originally for the outrageous price of $ 90 , but thought it would be worth it if it got me through a full day of heavy use on my iphone .
ipad discovered this device almost instantly and paired with it without inputting any codes .
i 'm sure the problem would be solved by using an iphone cover , but then if i did i would n 't need the sticky pad at all .
however , i am mostly satisfied with it .
i think that deserves loosing a star )
i contacted mynetdeals and the very same day they sent me another one .
they arrive and do n 't fit right , but to return them you have to pay almost what they cost to purchase .
it 's worked so well i bought a second one so i always have one charged up and ready to go .
works as expected for my galaxy phone , so much so that i order 3 to have handy .
i ca n 't give the product enough praise .
it also fit my iphone 5s . if you are not too hard on your phone this will probably do just fine but if it tends to hit the ground a lot you might want something a little better
this usb was good to me .
i just think its another item for the bag with the laptop when you are traveling .
once again if you are trying to install on a cold windshield . . . forget it .
is it the best it could be . . . . not by a long shot but it works and that goes a long way . i use it for business calls and have yet to be called on it .
i 've had this case for over 6 months now and it 's been a life saver .
i have purchased new trent products before and they are yet to disappoint me .
i could n 't hear alot on it and it did n 't stay on my ear for nothing .
after that it just stayed in my car .
it is far shorter than i had hopes .
the next morning i got in the car plugged in my phone using this charger by the time i reached my my destination 20 mins away from my home , my phone was more than half way charged , that more than met my expectations .
i ordered about 10 of these because i 'm always losing mine or leaving them in random walls at people 's houses . 3 of them did n 't work at all !
again very disappointed , i planned on hacking these and putting them in my snow board helmet but now i do n 't think that 's such a good idea .
the battery life is still excellent , and this is after a good 2 weeks of use !
sometimes it get stack with not charging sing on top of the screen of my device but its ok , just plug it out and plug in again .
my only problem is that i then had to go and look at youtube for some detailed instructions on how to disassemble and replace the screen .
works just like they advertised ! ! ! our house is situated in a low area so we placed it on the roof and tested it in different positions until we received the strongest signal .
i just got the iphone 4 from verizon and wanted an extra charge cord ( just in case ) . i got this in the mail and it looks a little cheap but who cares . . . it works !
i bought them to use with my iphone 4 . it worked great for 24hrs .
i am using it with my treo 700p .
it only adds a little bit of bulk but it 's not too bad compared with some of the other cases i 've seen .
i have got four of these so i can charge my android phone , and my blackberry at home , at work , everywhere .
the first one went in my car .
but as soon as i moved it stopped working again .
cords looked good when i got them .
howeva i am all about putting it in nice cases .
it was for a backup anyway .
nothing compares for the price . if it fails , throw it , order another . still ahead in $ $ $ , compared to the pricey ones .
i 'm very happy with this case and would recommend it to anyone .
compact enough to just throw in my purse .
also get the static noise which is weird , b c it should n 't do that .
this is a really great phone .
it 's even worse when my phone is in my pocket and i bend over , but the sound will ( sometimes ) cut out every second or two while i 'm holding the phone 18 away .
if i slept on the right side of the bed it would be better .
is an excellent replacement , working fine so far , the price is fine , no complaints so far .
i was expecting one , like the one that came with my phone . the picture is inaccurate .
the problem is that they do n 't last forever they do build up dirt and will get scratched and messed up on the edges over time .
will definitely buy another s e phone again in the future .
the only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that i have only had this for a few days so i ca n 't speak to durability or anything .
sort of great . ok , hon , you 're not going to believe how much i paid for them , i was coy .
well enough bout my babbling on the piece of crap apple products .
if you do need to open it look for a different case .
not really a problem for me anyway .
i love this charging pod , however one grievance is that i have to remove my silicon case everytime i want to charge my phone ( because the connectors are at the back ) . in a perfect world i would be able to plonk my phone in here without having to go through the hassle of removing my case .
it is a headache to get it on right because you have to spray that solution , but once you get it right , it is perfect and your screen is protected against anything .
i called amazon , and they were great .
that does n 't seem to affect call quality or volume but it feels a little floppy that way . it does probably make wearing it for a long time more comfortable .
not a great buy at $ 2ish but not bad either . 4 5 stars , it 's almost cheap and does what i need it to .
people do n 't even know i 'm using bluetooth unless i 'm in the car with the windows down .
but by far , my favorite part is that it glows blue , if i had known , i might have paid over the $ 8 i did !
they are flimsy and will break easily after reattaching many times .
i only needed one , but i have spares .
yet the s305 has managed to do this moreso reliably than compared with the lg .
it is great on its own but for the price it is a no brainer if you like the colors , look and design .
pretty simple case and that was all i wanted .
i love that this has a longer cord !
pretty basic and gets the job done , at least for me .
if you 're looking for improved handwriting , this may help you . . . a little .
now he is wishing it was n 't such a great case so he could justify upgrading his technology !
i bought them from amazon as the seller so i think they are real .
not so with this it 's a bit more solid , price considered .
this screen helps my cellular device to stay in pristine condition .
i have tips for my gps , ipad , iphone , laptop , bluetooth , and probably for some other things i have forgotten .
its a very good system if you install it the way it has to be installed .
this one is easier to adjust on the fly but you have to be willing to live with no mute .
i 've had trouble in the past remembering how to use the controls on devices that sit on my ear .
sometimes that 's hard to do in nyc .
there is absolutely no issue with the volume .
it would be wiser to spend just a little more money and get a good and sturdy stylus .
i had to keep it on charger just to have juice for maybe 1 conversation , its not comfortable , and its flimsy .
great use of my money to get these .
i know that it can be difficult for some to apply the film correctly the first time , but i have yet to have a problem .
came in two days and are exactly as described .
then i went out and got an identical charger at walmart and that worked fine .
they work great and at the price , we can keep them in the vehicles and they 're always available .
bought these fo my iphone but they did n 't work to great .
i bought this set and have repaired my android a few times already and it 's a must have tool set when working on such small electronics
there also seems to be a bit of a delay ( less than 1 4th of a second ) between when i start speaking , and when the mic starts picking me up .
i researched and thought a lot before getting these headphones .
order this product just to find out if it does work . . and sure enough i was surprise that i get more bars reception in my cell than i had before and the price is right .
they have always lasted the longest , and went through so much wear and tear .
i processed a refund ( and was grateful for the amazon process ) . i will not reorder because i see from other reviewers , and from somebody i know that bought the same headphones , that the overall product quality is poor and my experience was not uncommon .
do not waste your money on it .
the band is not made to be fitted to anyone smaller .
the sound quality is great but there is no bass at all , but thats kind if expected for the size .
so , i will stay with one of my little battery chargers that i can slip into my pocket and pull out when i need to add a bit of charge to the iphone and use this for those occasions when i do n 't mind having the extra bulk . . . .
she said her sister had about six months left and she just wanted to be able to talk to her .
the first one i got stopped working in about a month later , so motorola replaced me with supposedly a newer one .
when i purchased these , i did n 't realize they were actually mirrored .
it does everything i need and then some , and the camera video is a bonus .
my screen had a crack in it so this helps protect my fingers also .
i mean what else to say .
the reality is however it is quite user friendly and takes little time to master .
a to the seller who could not ship on time so they sent me another brand to get me by until they could ship out the ones i ordered .
it is most definitely a good buy for the price !
christmas gift for my daughter who loves electronics .
the directions suck , but the only vital info i found to be missing is that pairing can take up to a minute or so .
if they ever have anything is stock , it is cheap junk that does not last .
it has a lot of features that are just great .
which means if you use this thing at night while lying in silence , be prepared for a constant audible and visible reminder that you 're wearing the scala . battery life was good .
i 'm a happy camper with this case !
honestly , even though she 's not at all technical i do n 't think it gave her any issues at all in use .
after all , i am quite satisfied with this product .
if your looking for a superb protection this is not the case for you .
i 'll never understand how one review can say this item works exactly as it should and how the next complains about it not working . . . for the exact same phone !
they would quite working in one way or another .
i 've bought several of these , and they 're all working well including the very first one i bought . i heartily recommend this cable .
i use a case to make the phone less slippery so i wo n 't drop it , and this one does a decent job .
i have n 't noticed that phone charges any faster though .
if you want a usable dependable phone look elsewhere .
plus it also protects my iphone because i tend to drop if often .
how do you screw one up ? ! you hire the idiot who designed this one thats how !
the charge lasts pretty long too , which is nice because i tend to have really long conversations lol .
the phone is slow and there are not many apps that can be used on this outdated phone .
i would rather have one of those old brick phones than this piece of junk .
a few weeks after that , and i ca n 't get a connection at all .
i ended up with the nokia 5530 and have had no freezing problems and am very happy with that phone .
it 's not simple , but you 'll learn how after 2 3 weeks . 4 . still i do no think the speaker volume works . . . not for me , kind of too loud default . 5 . never bother with the fm setting life can be complicated as is !
but remember this thing will keep your phone protected in even the toughest everyday hazards you will find . . . . has success stories , or as i call them horror stories one of which includes a guy whose phone got caught by the charging wire , outside the car , and was drug along , bouncing off the pavement , for 1 mi at 35mph and the phone it self was undamaged . this is worth it !
i 'm a truck driver and the noise it 's the bigger problem for me .
in no time your battery pack will look old and worn out .
i would n 't trust it to save the screen from a 3 foot drop but for ordinary use i think it will serve me well . .
i am bummed because this case was super cute and i really liked it , but it fell like a foot and a half and broke and would nolt snap back together .
the only thing you can do is delete an entry and create a new one , which is a pain if you want to edit lots of contacts .
its ok , i guess for $ 4 . 50 now you cannot expect much , but i do n 't expect it to last .
there 's a big scratch along the edge of my phone now , because the shield left so much unprotected , and unfortunately my sleek new iphone is now a scratched up iphone . i guess for the much more careful , this is a fine case to buy .
look no further this is the one .
i bought this thing to replace a samsung that sounded great but was a little clunky .
it is a very close copy but not a genuine samsung product . . .
i like that you can easily rotate to put on your other ear because i cannot handle something in my ear for too long .
within only a few months , the paint on it started wearing off in ugly patches , and after only a few drops of my phone , pieces started falling off it .
mine lasted about 6 months , and i 'm very gentle with my electronics .
i had a samsung wep200 too and had better quality than this one , and samsung wep200 is about half of the price of this .
and let me say again , they do n 't tangle !
my mom tends to drop her phone multiple times so a case like this was perfect for her .
i bought this to replace the tip on the voyager i sometimes use .
the only pro about this product is that it 's cheap .
i own the cheaper motorola ( nextel ) i710 . i have many friends who own this phone though , although a few of them have since downgraded to the i710 . the main reason i chose the i710 over this i730 was signal strength .
you ca n 't beat the price . these are much smaller than i was expecting .
i found them on amazon at a more reasonable price .
i used to tie my cord onto itself . 50 50 chance that it would unravel properly .
in order to put it back on top i have to turn off the phone and thats what this charger does n 't do .
if the fit were a bit better , it would get the full 5 stars .
keep in mind that you have to cut and apply the screen protector yourself .
those two characteristics are insignifica n 't though as the cables do what they are expected to do and they were shipped and received quickly .
well that seems to have paid off ( third time 's the charm i guess ) . the battery itself replaced my old battery perfectly .
needed a battery for on non used blackberry for traveling overseas .
i bought this as a gift to my dad .
i have counterparts in two remote offices and we spend a lot of time on the phone .
told a friend about these , she bought one for her back up phone .
bought to transfer photos out of my samsung phone .
i would recommend buying a screen protector with it as well .
i left it plugged in and just connected or disconnected the phone .
at less than a dollar per sheet , you can afford to treat them as disposable and not be too upset if they fall off or lose their ability to stay on that long .
this is very much worth the money we paid for it .
also , great price . . . . you 'd expect to pay $ 30 for something similar inside the store .
after two weeks it still looks new .
most of the time i keep it in my shirt pocket , and put it in my ear when my phone rings . i 'm keeping it , because it works better than all the other ones .
had to take it off twice and it seems to have stretched some , the reason it 's not a five star .
the razor is the one and only phone my husband will use .
the quality of this product is great , it may not be as cheap as others , but its worth it .
i was not sure if this was heavy or solid chrome .
the only drawback that i can see to this model is the sound quality is not as good as the jabra .
it was exactly as described , and i got everything it said it was .
if my phone is plugged into it and i 'm using it , it loses power .
good price and i recommend it .
most of them are pretty standard to cell phones these days , but a few things are worth commenting on great speakerphone .
i listen in on lots of telecons for business , so i really needed this . * sound quality is very good , both for both ends ( if you can keep it in your ear ) * buttons are easy to access and operate . cons * i have not been able to find any way to make this fit me .
i just love it to death ! ! ! thanks amazon .
being a black berry mobile phone and tablet user it is a must to have appropriate tool in order to have small job done .
if you have your phone in your pocket a lot without a lock screen this might be better though so your not accidently taking pictures of your pocket though .
the cord is longer than others i have seen , which is convenient .
he 's been raving about it all week .
i bought 2 and they both do n 't charge very well . 50 of the time it stopped charging for no reason .
the item is n 't the same as pictured , but it did n 't matter .
i cannot say enough about amazon , they are realistic in their prices , knowing that people do not have that kind of money to pay for a wire , , for 14 or 28 dollars .
i just hope rim fixes all the bugs or they 'll lose many customers .
this would be a great alternative on saving not only time on juicing up your electronics , but also with spending extra money on extra batteries for your products .
that being said sometimes some wires do n 't work but for the price i can live with that
i would not recommend this product
often , someone will call my cell while i 'm riding .
i loved the fact that it comes with a power cord , so you do n 't have to rely on batteries all the time .
anyone needing to replace that old battery that wo n 't hold a charge should totally look into getting one of these !
in fact this case has already saved my phone at least once .
always feels like it 's about to fall off , but generally does n 't still distracting .
it has a bunch of other features , too many to list but most are useful .
my 6 year old son recently inherited my iphone 3gs when i bought the iphone 4 and the 3gs became his glorified ipod touch .
this is one of the nicest phones i have used .
that was not the color i wanted , but it was okay , it was still a good deal .
i sit on daily conferences , and this is always in my ear during the conferences .
so i 've been skeptical but we 'll see how it goes and if i have to return it i 'll modify my review . pairing it up with the treo 650 was fast and simple .
i also tried the same while i cut the grass .
overall , i do not reccommend it .
the voltage may be a tad too high , but i have no way of measuring it .
i purchased these after reading several reviews here that they were good for working out . i 've managed to break 2 pairs of these after only using them maybe 5 10 each . why ? sweat . first off , these things will keep your ears definitely warm .
it 's the best bluetooh i 've owned so far , and i 've paid big bucks for the high ones ( i also work in the cell phone industry ) . a great value !
but i figured for the price i 'll give it a try .
also i could not easily turn off the phone when can not answer .
the screen protector appears to be very thin , but i could n 't tell for sure b c i could n 't actually get to the protector in order to apply it to my phone .
this would be the perfect battery to keep in a laptop bag for meetings or presentations .
returned them via amazon printed ups label over 7 weeks ago .
i do n 't have to struggle to see my phone when i 'm laying down . cons the plug in is a little blocky but nothing to worry about .
its cheap and works good . . . just hope it last for yearsmmm a a a
you should know that it must be washed once a week because dust clings to it which will make it ineffective .
i wanted to try these out because of all the raving reviews .
this is the best deal i have gotten so far from amazon . . . . they came really fast and in a plain envelope . . . . they are great quality and just as good as the ones they sell at att t if not better . . . i recommend this product and their company , i will continue to purchase from them ! ! ! !
it does it 's job , and you get what you paid for .
it failed after approximately six months of use .
i bought this for my husband .
i do n 't know how people are getting these cables to work . . .
as always with any cover , you must apply with * great care * to make sure there is no dust or bubbles ( i 've gotten pretty good at that , all the covers are the same in that regard . ) i did that and so far , this cover is the best by far .
this is a stupid move on their part because i 'm sure a large portion of purchasers are iphone users who have macs .
maybe it is a mistake in creating .
please do yourself a favor and buy a product elsewhere on amazon .
i can hear others very clear and have had no complaints that i am hard to hear .
one bad comment does not make the difference , but many great opinions are very important and helpful .
we buy in bulk for company iphones and this item is cheap and does the job .
i bought this fron antonline through amazon , and have had nothing but good things to say .
so do n 't think this device ca n 't run .
overall , though , it should n 't give much problems .
i gifted my phone to the phillipines , but needed a replacement battery that i shipped over .
the product was exactly what i ordered , i would recommend this item .
if used to make calls , the charge my last as long as 8 full minutes on a good day .
iphone is a complete rip off , and most people i know that have one do n 't even know why they got it oter than being able to say hey i got an iphone . the thing is a ipod touch with very basic phone functions . . . . . more over priced garbage from crapple made to rake in apple fanboys money . . . . . and they fall for it .
and i really liked this one , too !
the battery is still going strong after several years , but it has not seen heavy use , since i mainly use it while driving home from work , so this is relative i guess . . .
it is a little smaller then i expected , but fits my phone well and does n 't let it slide any and if it gets dusty , just wash it off and its back to new
after one month of testing , i can say it 's a good product but not perfect .
the phone freezes and ca n 't be shut off , requiring removal of the battery to reset , frequently drops calls , does n 't always let me place calls , and just plain does weird things that result in an unreliable and frustrating call experience .
people can clearly hear me and i can clearly hear them . 2 . it 's small .
i keep it next to the television .
i recived my battery with in a couple of days of ordering it .
hubby and i both love this protection and the price is out of this world , who care how long it last at that price can buy a few a year
i ordered this to protect my phone and it did the job .
they are light and i can wear them comfortably for about 45 min to 1 hr , then they start to hurt the top of my ears a bit .
i ca n 't complain and the price was great .
that was the reason she gave for my jabra bt350v having lots of static when using with the 9400 . well , the results with the h700 were actually worse .
i have n 't had much use for the laser pointer , but it 's small enough that it does n 't make a difference .
needed another battery for my old samsung moment and this fit the bill at a great price !
for someone that needs to have a small protable charging unit , this is a must buy .
after about 2 months of light use they just sort of fell apart .
the sound quality and the mic quality are both decent , enough at least for someone who is n 't obsessive about how crystal clear the reception is .
i just got back from my first business trip where i needed my 3gs iphone to last more than the normal 8 10 hours of extended use before recharging .
i use it in a noisy truck and no one complains !
i showed it to my boss and he liked it so much he had me get one for his curve .
because it can be use both ways is one of the reasons why i bought it . the fit can be a problem if you do not like the hook over your ears and you may have to spend some time adjusting the device each time you put it on so that it is at least tolerable if not comfortable .
i bought this headphones in january 2012 . it worked well for couple if month but then started bad times when my return window is closed .
what were they thinking ! ! ? ? and i agree with the others who have slightly larger than average heads .
it just seems less than coincidental that i recieved two in a row that were malfunctioning significa n 'tly .
it charges fast and can boost my phone to 100 even when it is dead , and it still has some juice to spare .
as far as i can tell , even in the car , which is what i bought it for . . . ( to use while driving ) . . .
it seriously has been good to use this .
for the price , they ca n 't be beat they are quite handy on a cold windy day .
this is the original as described .
the other two just even get recognized by my device any longer even though the cable looks in perfect shape .
overall , this is a must have for all smart phone users .
i would recommend this company to others and would use it again myself . i have found all ear pieces to be somewhat uncomfortable for prolonged use .
and the reason i 'm returning them ; today while walking across campus trying to listen to an audio book it kept losing the signal .
by using this as needed i have n 't had to charge the unit in 3 days despite regular use .
that way it was centered , and i had no bubbles .
the problem with all three is that shock protection is less than than adequate in my opinion .
only one way to go on .
the quality is a very good .
maybe try another color because i have bought many cases and not had an issue like this before .
not sure how this one ended up since i gave it and the case away .
much to my surprise , no more complaints .
just for kicks i did a local order at 2am monday morning because it said the package would still arrive on monday .
for the price though i guess it 's still not a bad deal .
bought these a couple years ago and work great with my ipod touch , samsung tablet , and now my htc one phone .
i have three batteries and one failed and this is what this charger showed , though there could be other issues that would cause it to turn red .
product was just as shown and also got a screen protector and a piece of cloth to clean the screen . . . . i doubt if u get ol that for just that amount of money . . . . . . . .
plugged it into a phone and a tablet .
i received this and it worked probably the first 4 times and then the zipper broke .
i find the case to be sturdy .
it 's very handy to have extra chargers around and why not in the car too .
the cord is not too short and very durable .
i 'm sure that there is something that says it will not come as pictured , but still i was disappointed . the tools helped me get the job done , but they also did not hold up well .
they are n 't the best out there , but they did their job .
when i received this phone i installed the sim card and started to use it , i have had it for a few weeks now and the reception is better than the motorola , plus i was able to install a few games and apps .
i took the cheap way out to buy an inexpensive bluetooth , and i guess i got what i paid for , and less .
you can use it for ipod , smartphones or tablets and connect to hear you collection while you drive .
still not bad if you do n 't mind getting used to the feel .
i think this is a really great price and free shipping too !
those that get it to fit always love it .
i have two pair of these since i am kind of a motorola fan . . . .
it is a traditional flip phone for those who use their phone as a phone and works very well .
a family member is still using one and still going strong !
being able to charge via usb is one and , withmost smart phone an occasional unscheduled reboot . but , even with it 's minor drawbacks its a phone i use in manyways everyday and , will continue in the future . thank you
and it is fairly comfortable for about 2 hours of ware , but after that becomes somewhat uncomfortable .
well i bought the battery cause mine was almost 2 yrs old in my phone so when i got this battery and put it in my phone , turned my phone off to charge it it had a full charge but without doing anything on the phone for a few hours the battery went down .
i will post a picture of this also . overall its a great case for the price , just do n 't expect it to last more than 6 months .
this fall the neighbor kids who play in my large yard found it .
just be gentle and it will last longer .
that and after some time the case becomes loose .
i have not had any dropped calls .
only thing i did not like at the time was that it tend to be slow and the picture quality from the camera was very poor . when i bought it in sept 2010 it was the phone i was waiting for , it is still work up to now .
reached as is shown time and in very good condition thank you very much for everything
has worked longer so far than what we bought when we purchased blackberry
i got it for my cell and it 's been working fine for years now .
i 'm 51 , and i like how i can use it without needing my reading glasses .
as always with these types of case you get what you pay for but at this price , you can buy several and change them out and have something different almost weekly
if you use your phone a lot , might not be the cover for you . . .
it does n 't make the case bulky , as it may look .
but then winter came and it got too cold .
ca n 't complain for the cost , the charger works well , better than average quality , if needed i would make this purchase again .
got this as wife has an iphone , i have an htc , needed something that would work for both .
it 's very plain so if it 's sexy you 're looking for , look elsewhere .
i put this on the window and it popped off a few times i think because it was so new and stiff .
if you need a portable battery , this is the one to buy .
i purchased this for my father in law .
now i will not lose my bluetooth .
i got 5 and gave them to my office mates as well to charge their phones .
when the belt clip is in place , it stays there . as stated throughout my review , i do n 't see any abnormalities by this product .
i got this because there are times when i need my blackberry to be functional and i 'm not near a charger .
then it would n 't even turn on after one week .
i do n 't lie , i like it and the only problem is that i have to replace the double tape it has to put it firmly on my car .
overall , i am very disappointed with this phone and only wish my contract would allow me to trade it in .
i attempted to purchase screen protectors at best buy for my samsung impression and they were $ 20 , so i 'm glad i made the purchase here .
i had one that was magnetic closure , this is a snap , wish i had known that , its is flimsy and not up to my standards
the color means i never lose it . . . . . . for long ! the case is hard enough to resist all the bangs and jostling it gets in my bag , and other people notice andask about it !
i personally prefer a thinner screen .
it really does fit my phone like a glove looks good i think it will last a long time .
i was not sure it would stay in my ear and i thought it might be buggy . however , it is very light weight and is not bothersome at all .
i purchased 2 units and both work well ( at least these two ) . they charge everything i plug into them , even my three brands of cell phones we have in the house , including . .
the battery indicator is barely a bar or two down ( from 7 ) by evening , and i only bother to charge it about 3 to 4 times a week !
its the only one that fits in my tiny ear canal and i have tried alot .
my old 3gs iphone is now only used by my 4 year old .
i use it with my laptop so it works perfect for what i wanted it to do .
the plastic is soft and scratches easily , but is easily replaced with a fresh piece . . . i find that it lasts about a month ( in my pocket , exposed to my keys and other crud ) before the scratches become totally obnoxious .
i got this hoping that it might work with my garmin gps and my android cell phones . . .
finally it fell out somewhere and i lost it .
my wife has had this screen protector on her 4 for 2 months and has no complaints .
there is not excuse for this as amazon has been told many times by wilson electronics that they are sending customers the wrong product .
the audio does n 't seem to be very crisp .
i rate it as an excellent little gadget .
i gave them away at a yard sale .
knowing that i can watch videos all day on my phone without hunting down a place to charge makes this device worth it alone . i 'm unlikely to use the built in flashlight anytime soon ( we currently have 24 hours of daylight in alaska ) , and i do n 't know if the laser pointer will ever come in handy , but both are probably handy features for other users .
being that we are now a plugged in society this allows me to charge more then one thing which has made my life simpler .
i found some cheap substitutes did not stay in or did not fit properlynegatives wish the cord was a little longer .
nothing really makes the cord 34 ; special 34 ; but as a usb cable that has n 't broken after all this time , i 'm pleased with it months later .
second one i 've had and no problems .
my item arrived a month early .
if you are interested in that look then it is best .
therefore , i do n 't use it that often . there are times when it works well , but it 's not all the time .
my mom missed having a razr phone and i got this for her .
i 've used things in the past like this to get a decent internet reception in my basement , and the signal wo n 't even register .
my phone is also old and the port is a little worn .
the volume does n 't go high enough while i 'm driving so i ca n 't hear over the car noise ( yes , i have a brand new , fairly quiet car ) anyway , i 'm debating returning it due to the discomfort factor .
this product is lovely and is very good for use in my appliances and others thing to my family
after 1 year of trying to get this working , she still cannot receive calls .
they come from china so they took a long time to get here .
it 's so strong , it will pick up small metallic objects such as paperclips and even larger ones if they happen to be near . overall , i am happy with this holster and i 'm likely to be using it for a while longer .
i tried them with my nokia e71x and they sounded fantastic .
as a replacement for the price it works .
mine are probably about average for males .
i bought one loved it so much and bought two more to keep the kids ipads charging .
consider that there are many other reviews saying the same thing .
my friend has iphone 3 , it worked on that one too . . .
i plan to use it for our family gift exchange next christmas .
i ca n 't even feel it when i 'm wearing it , and i 'm impressed by the quick charge time and battery life .
its been several months and they seem to be holding up during regular use .
in normal driving conditions they do n 't have a clue .
sure , if you cover it , it wo n 't get scratched , but you do n 't buy a sports car to keep it in the garage so it does n 't get a rock chip !
i tried it in two different cars on two different phones .
the clip is nice so it can be hung .
if you buy one , buy several so that you can keep one in all of your cars , in your briefcase , your purse , your backpack , your desk drawer , etc .
i have two of these one at home and one at work and you can not beat the price .
it has been connected to motorola , nokia , and samsung cell phones . i had a faulty one , which was quickly resolved by amazon .
keep in mind that it is slow so plan on charging overnight with it .
while some reviewers have said they would like this unit to have more features , for me and my wife it is fine as it because it does one thing very well and better than any other earpiece we have used lets us use our cell phones hands free with a sound quality that is virtually the same as speaking directly into our cell phones .
you need this many as they do wear out with use .
i love how it charges just as fast as when the phone is plugged in .
this is a great deal and the delivery was fast .
i assume its pretty much a standard cable , but at a big box you 'd be paying 20x as much for a cheap cable , even if it is n 't the most durable the price was right .
after about 15 minutes of running i have to take them off .
i recently had to get a blackberry tour for my business .
after using the charge cable for about a month with both an iphone and an ipod nano , it has sustained a fair amount of abuse and still looks like new .
i thought this was the best phone in the world , until it started givi g me problems 1 1 2 weeks later .
give it a try , for a buck it 's a steal . be careful i have broken my ipod before with other cheap cables with the wrong voltage from other sellers .
the building is mostly metal i 'm in but i 'm in between 3 towers .
for the price and its great !
i order this item and received it fast and excellent quality fit mi phone and the cable is excellent i recomendet ! ! !
unfortunately you have to purchase these seperately and they are not cheap . a lot of people travel with their cell phones and having this clip stuck to the back of their phone does n 't make sense as they probably are n 't lugging the mat on their business trips . interesting idea but the drawbacks are too many in my opinion .
i have use it off and on for over a week and it still stated that the battery life is high . it will tell you the battery life level every time you turn it on .
it even works well when i was using it and riding my bike .
i am very happy with my nokia n95 8gb phone . as the title says more then i expected ! i would like to take a moment to thank amazon forquick and courteous service . ok .
i think this gadget might be little overpriced but still you can pick it up at around $ 4 in most places and it 's worth the money .
i got this headset about 5 months ago and they are still going strong .
this does what i wanted it to do only with a little more cleaning maintenance .
but they sold a walmart so its all people know .
wife did n 't like hers at all .
i listen to a ton of podcasts and now i do n 't have to have wires running all over my body any longer .
this protector is great and was what i expected . . . .
these are great ! i wear them at work all day .
but , i knew there was n 't when i bought it .
for the ultimate test in its truly amazing call quality , i spoke in the room while my children slept , almost at a whisper , and my husband heard me clearly with no issues at all and the phone was sitting on the mantle in a very large living space .
charges quickly , and the battery does n 't seem to be negatively impacted at all .
i does n 't hold a charge for very long which is to be expected for an inexpensive battery .
plus i can hook it up in the rv as well the only thing is you have to be within 12 to 18 34 ; from the dash mount . i highly recommend this product .
does n 't heat up like crazy like the other ones i got , and cheaper too !
i bet it 'll be even better when i put a rubber band on it .
i did have some problems trying to get this thing to pair , it 's looks as if there are no buttons , do n 't worry , it 's there .
great tools , i still use them and i like the quality , great price as well . good vendor . i would buy more .
i can generally count on more than a week between charges , even during periods of heavy use . we liked this enough to buy three . . . one for each driver in the house .
as always , this company continues to produce amazing cases . . . loved this and will always buy from them again no matter what phone i have
the only thing i did n 't like was that the wipe cloth sucks .
i am quite sure this unit is out of warranty , but if any of you literature readers know about the warranty of this item .
i 've worn it all day ( 7 30 5 30 ) before with no ear soreness .
good purchase , not too much to complain about here
it becomes painful after a while . 2 . the buttons are really sensitive .
however , sometimes when i was receiving calls the caller could n 't hear me vice versa .
i had no trouble using this i have a razr v3r .
the cord works , well i use it all the time .
but at this point , i am not using it anymore due to the quality of the product , although 'good' , it could be better and more solid .
just a replacement for my original cord .
i 'm not one to put a bulky battery case on my iphone 4s !
i can live with that shortcoming .
i has worked well for me .
it also has a laser pointer but since i do n 't have cats i probably wo n 't use it .
no problems at all with the product .
maybe the bars on my phone lifted by one just because , or maybe they lifted because i pulled the phone away from my head to look and happened to angle the phone just right , thereby grabbing a better signal .
it has been a great product , keeps a good charge , after about a years use it is still working well .
i purchased this case from bbuy and i have had it for almost a year .
overall i would say this product is mildly flawed but acceptable .
i 'm very particular about my electronics and these keep my phone in excellent condition .
i assume the designers were stoned when they decided that would be a good idea .
initially i was so excited that i got the package so fast even though i took advantage of using the free shipping .
this is the 4th one of these i have owned , first one from amazon .
i think buying one of those wooden boxes that can house all of your cords for now is a better deal for the money .
sure , there were other chargers out their for a buck or two cheaper , but i 've gone that route before .
that was n 't even mentioned as being included .
if you are going to use a stylus every day i would recommend looking for something nicer .
this phone is a good phone .
i have 3 different jabras , a motorola , another plantronics , and various other off brands .
the best advice i can give is spend a little more money and get one that actually looks like what they falsely lead you to believe it should look like . the shipping took over 2 weeks as well .
its a tough case just like any other otterbox . . . i got rid of the phone before it arrived so i never got to use it but it looked good .
i like the idea and am going to buy one for my car , but a different brand to see if there is a difference in sound .
will not buy this brand again . company would not stand behind product told me to contact amazon , but b c it was more than 30 days , i 'm out of luck .
i was surprised this was so cheap !
this is the best one i 've had .
i was skeptical when buying this product due to mixed reviews by people , but the product i received worked right from the start , and appears to hold it 's charge properly .
the charger that came with my ipod sort of broke so i had to purchase a new one and this was a nice replacement .
i am not impressed . i do n 't know what the other reviewers are smoking .
but these are _comfortable_ and _loud_ where nothing else is , and therefore well worth the extra expense and trouble of having to keep two pair on hand .
but that is a wish , not a product defect . overall , i am happy with this device .
ohterwise , you do n 't know what youre getting , spending your money like going to vegas .
it is a cheap and simple case just the way she wants it .
do not waste your cash on this product at all .
it is minorly annoying but it works otherwise so id recommend it on a tight budget or not wiling to pay a ton on others
this is a very handy thing to have .
unfortunately , it may not be the blame .
so , if you need a cord that less than 3' long this might be for you .
i also have had no issues with the case itself coming apart , or the leather peeling away .
i am not comfortable with the ear loop as it takes time to fix it .
my wife uses this at work and had been using this for a year and it still works .
if i had to guess i 'd say that the erratic playback is due to sweat causing problems with the headset since there is minimal to no issues when they 're dry .
the sound is excellent , and people who listen think i 'm talking on a normal phone .
also , if you moved more than 8 10 feet away it would literally disconnect itself from my cell .
they are always the best and the only ones i trust . i recently purchased a panasonic phone system .
i then charged it up overnight and used it .
i did n 't realize it was coming from china .
better than the mx150 , but obviously not representative of what the person on the other end is hearing .
i needed new chargers for our vehicles as the existing ones broke from use .
what can i say about it ?
see how they stand the test of time .
but for the cheap price what more should i expect .
for the price though , you could buy a few of these .
well , went on the internet first . . . . $ 14 . 00 , then to a very well known store , here in gloucester , ma , $ 28 . i was not happy .
some people might complain about it being a little loose , but it 's nice to be able to remove quickly when you need to do a battery pull .
as with kids , not a major investment should they lose or destroy them
nobody can tell its not the phone i am speaking into . . .
your taking a low risk and i think its worth the risk .
i own several cases for my phone and this is probably the most protective of all of them .
this was true all over the washington , dc area , where i live , as well as throughout the country when i traveled .
construction is a little bit like cheap like chinese products but overall it is a product that functions decent most of the time .
i can count on one bar in the house without the wilson , using the wilson , as advertised , i get 5 bars .
the ipod cable work perfectly with the ipod it is extremely useful for everyone with an ipod ipad or iphone a must have
the fit is quite tight but with patient adjustment can be made acceptable .
overall , i do not recommend this to anyone and i will not be ordering from this seller again .
you have to call someone , and then plug it it during the call . whent he call ends you must remove it becuase when you are not talking anyone , the adapter has a bad habit of constantly redialing and hanging up over and over and over . i am not sure if its the adapters fault or the phones but i do n 't recommend this .
so i decided to get one for each car .
i bought these on a trip for my daughter at the local drug store she had lost hers for her music player .
i change my iphone to another model and it was my pleasure to purchase a new otterbox for the new phone .
i keep it with me when i 'm on the go with no charger around .
it does n 't work on a lot of phones . . . . and i do n 't know why .
very transparent , ca n 't tell it 's there .
i went to best buy to replace the one that broke and they wanted i think like $ 20 or more for just a single usb version . . . i decided to check amazon on my phone first and found this dual one way cheaper here .
we 've gone through several headsets because they get broken in the car because they fall on the floor or something is dropped on them . this is an inexpensive worthwhile purchase .
no complaints from callers and the sound is good .
having owned many pairs of earphones , and had just as many suffer a terrible fate , i have been buying inexpensive headphones for everyday use and keeping my expensive headphones at home .
do n 't waste your time or your dollar .
i get more then a full days hard use out of it .
i thought my phone was damaged and battery too .
maybe someday they 'll modify it to be useful and cost effective .
i purchased this device after reading several reviews and just being focused primarily on price .
i will see how the battery goes . very impressive .
by far , the smoothest cover skin on board ! the first one i ordered was repackaged and discounted accordingly .
i have n 't had this problem with other microusb cables that i 've used with my phone .
the sound quality was good on either end , whether i was using it or i was on a landline talking to my husband while he was using it .
the rubber piece is the only thing that you can adjust to position it to direct it to the inside of your ear .
i wish they lasted longer tho .
now if you have a newer smart phone like a samsung galaxy s2 or 3 , you do not want this bluetooth because the sound quality is not at all there with these high end phones .
people tell me they can hear me just fine .
you only have to pair once with any device anyway .
excellent product , good material , great price , beautiful color . llego justo . no time i have complaints .
both seem to be very genuine palm products . based on this positive experience , i 'm going to order another from vibe cellular to take advantage of the great price !
i discovered this by plugging it into my computer using the usb connection .
do i need to say anything else ?
its a shame , because this is the only flaw i have experienced with them .
of course , the front is not protected or you would not be able to access the screen .
it is reasonably well made the leather is not as soft as my last one and it is not quite as padded but for less than three bucks including the shipping it is an incredible deal !
this one replaced the one he wore out .
i read one review about the screen protectors being too big for the iphone but thought i 'd give it a try .
if you dock your phone you probably not going to want this product unless you dock via a cable , and not into a speaker or something similar that will not work .
i 've had this headset for about a month now and at first i was very satisfied .
will update if i ever use it .
i am giving it a good rating based on the performance up until it stopped working .
at first i thought it may have just been a bad case , but i looked at someone elses phone that has the same case and theirs is the same way .
i have been using this cover for about six months and it has been a great product .
i threw mine away within 5 minutes of it 's arrival
i 've paired these headphones with both my laptop and my droid , and found the sound quality to be excellent , and the signal strong even at a distance .
but its a major deal breaker !
like the clean sleek look but did n 't last it broke in 4 weeks will not buy again . . .
she loves it and it is so unique .
this is a real strong rugged case its awesome i would recommend this to anyone who does alot of outside work this is real strong
before anyone gets bent out of shape , i just want to say that i knew full well what i was getting myself into .
the seller i used to buy from does n 't seem to carry them anymore and i tried three more who all sent me doa cables .
i bought this in a bundle of two and i am completely pleased .
this is a great product at a fair price .
the earpiece can be rotated so that you can put it on whichever ear that you wish , and that is convenient at time .
do you want to feel totally ripped off ?
it holds it much more securely and now i do n 't have to worry about it .
the other was in lose packaging , so i was n 't so sure . my daughter 's phone 's battery would n 't hold a charge for 1 minute , and it solved that .
i bought it for my wife and she loves it . the battery time is very poor .
i am going to blame it on wilson .
i actually use it at the gym lifting weights so that i do n 't have to mess with the arm band .
this particular brand did n 't last but about a month .
the sound is very clear most of the time .
i have 1 , 000 messages on my plan , and that should be plenty .
overall a great product , 5 stars !
i purchased this item for my plantronics voyager pro . i have had a few bluetooth headsets over the years and they were either damaged or lost .
it does exactly what it is supposed to .
i got this for 31 dollars once .
this is the best phone i ever owned .
the cable works flawlessly , and do n 't kid your self about the arm band attachment very flimsy and cheap but it has done the job so far .
i do like them controls are laid out nice , sound is .
given that i was n 't going to use it for extreme sports , i launched for the purchse .
having said all this i must qualify this a bit .
i find this charger to be a great little machine and highly recommend it if you need some extra power .
i had no trouble placing the screen protector on both of my blackberry 8320s .
someone else might find the appearance perfect .
i have had no problems with this cord .
i can shake my head and it wo n 't fall out , but it just does n 't really feel like its well placed in my ear .
price was great so i bought extras just in case .
i bought the defender and dumped it .
it does n 't fixed as i liked on the dashboard .
i would suggest to pay a little more and go for the quality
however , i am so sad to not have my little phone around .
i would definitely recommend for anyone looking for an affordable screen protector for their phone .
i can now get more than a full days use out of my phone without worry .
not to mention the fact that it will probably discolor as it ages .
i ordered this as a gift for one of my coworkers because her phone is constantly dying .
i 'm driving to key west next week and will know how long a charge lasts after that .
they are great and very easy to use .
ca n 't been the price with free shipping .
if however , you put the phone in face side in ( so the screen does n 't get scratched ) it is securely in place .
i use it with my iphone 5 and it works flawlessly .
if you have any htc phone or any phone that supports bluetooth or this keyboard , or even a pda , i highly recommend this product , although it is costly .
it may have been there but it seemed more noticeable on this one .
it is still better than most others on the market .
i got these as a wireless option that i could use with my computer or with my phone ( moto q ) . they have worked well with both and have about a 3 hour battery life which is good for work because it goes for about half the day then i can charge them during lunch .
it is just enough that i can see it move if i press the front and back together .
the only knock against it was that it had some sharp plastic bits that did n 't get smoothed out before arriving in my hands , so i had to do that myself which was kind of annoying .
the adjustments lock very security , as does the suction cup ; i 've had mine mounted for almost a year now and i have n 't touched it once .
i bought the itorch to ensure my phone did n 't die during the day .
i bought two of these and they are perfect !
so one starr less , but still recommended .
if you do n 't have your own office and or you have co workers who have a tendency of indiscriminately interrupting , pointing to flashing lights will effortlessly embarrass them into not interrupting you when you are on the phone !
this has been in use for about six months and has done a good job protecting screen from scratches .
the main reasons i chose this one were low price , small size weight , and having seen a couple of people use this at work . pros the size weight is so small as to be unnoticeable .
it 's ok for the price and length but it takes forever to charge my phone i 'm use to a pretty quick charge and this is not it .
previous headsets that i have owned have lasted at least a week with only one hour a day use on average .
this is really useful expecially if your on a road trip and you have to charge multiple devices at the same time .
i purchased this cell phone from cellphonescheap , which allows me to say how much i love the phone !
but overall , these were a good buy for me .
i 've had the holster for a little over 2 months at the time of this writing and it 's holding up very well .
this is a very good product for a truck driver .
my phone fits in it kinda but it sure does n 't feel secure !
it does n 't have memory ; once you disconnect or pause , you have to adjust the sound to the previous level you set .
the ipad works too with two suggestions if you tilt the ipad more upright it is more stable ( with the horizontal layout of ipad ) . if you have the ipad less upright , then it will also work but you just need to move it a couple times to find the spot where it wo n 't tip over .
i needed an extra cable just to have and this works perfect .
if you are with at t ; you are in luck because they announced that they are going to release this phone in black called the e71x .
i ca n 't tell the difference between this cable and te one that came with my iphone .
this little guy came in handy when i was able to re charge my phone when i did n 't have access to a normal power supply .
they also do a good job of isolating you from the outside world , and likewise , do a good job of keeping your tunes from bothering other people . if i had to pick out any issues with them , i 'd say that they could stand to allow for bigger heads i have them extended out as much as they will go , and they just fit .
even with the shipping it 's a steal .
not sure what else to expect .
so , after a week with this i 'm back to normal , and i do n 't have to feel like i 'm tethered to my desk or will wake up in the morning with a dead battery . you get what you pay for when it comes to batteries , so do n 't be surprised if it does n 't work as well as the original rim made battery 4x the cost .
i was told that i sounded like i 'm talking . . . . . in a tunnel on a headset so as you can tell the positives outweigh the negatives .
well i have bought over 10 of these for me and my friends it work perfectly love it , you guys ca n 't go wrong with this bran and this product , also i must say it last just as long as they said it would .
after using mine and liking it so much , i just ordered a second for the wife 's pre .
i 've been using this for about 4 months now and it works just as it is intended .
i got the at t ; 3gs last gen special a refurbished iphone 3gs for 19 bucks and was looking forward to getting ( formerly expensive , now cheap ) accessories for it .
if you get it on without bubbles you ca n 't even tell it is there .
sound quality is not what it should be , i think , but my kids love it .
i wanted a charger for my car since there are those times , especially with the htc thunderbolt , that you need a charge before you get home .
i purchased this headset about a year ago and have been very pleased with it .
i use this in my car and is great that i do n 't have to deal with a buch of cable everywhere .
i have purchased many car chargers that last less than 2 months . .
it 's been over 3 months so could not return the order .
i did n 't really have anything bad to say about the earpiece at all .
this is the best one i have used .
hands down worth the hypewife will now talk to me on the phone when i am handsfree . perfect , customizable fit
we all got plenty of use out of it , and my mom still uses hers to this day almost 3 years after i bought it .
i was able to pair this up with my phone and also with my kindle fire . it has a very rich sound , i was surprised something so little could sound so nice .
when used sideways , the legs bend slightly , but it does work that way . i 'm going to rate this high because it is exactly what they claim it is , and they never claimed it would work for the iphone 4 . and it was worth trying for me .
just recently , i noticed that it was n 't holding its charge so i got one from amazon .
started using it monday and everyday since ( total 7 days since review ) . this is a great little charger .
it lights up blue so you know when it is working and i have had no issues with it since i bought it over six months ago .
so , long story short , i am pleased thus far .
great for the price as retail they are $ 25 or $ 30 cord is longer than the normal one so give you a bit more room which is perfect for me so i 'm not tripping over a cord going from the wall to my desk .
it is a little looser than i expected , but not too bad .
i broke the phone a week earlier , so buying this was closing the barn door after the horses left , but it appears it could protect the phone from a drop from your waist .
with previous headsets of mine , i could n 't turn her up loud enough , and she would hear herself echoing .
i had one for my atrix and it lasted the life of the phone .
audio is crisp and clear and loud enough , but could be a bit louder ( like most phones it seems ) . the keyboard is a bit cramped , but the keys feel good and solid .
what if something works great , just not for very long ? two star review . this charger worked great for too short awhile .
they are still a solid product .
this actually could be unsafe especially if a child gets their hands on it .
lasted me longer than i thought . i really liked the design that 's why i spent extra money for this really cool design .
well i 'm glad i waited to purchase because 70 $ was too much now that it only 46 $ it well worth not having to deal with wires .
others were purchased to use by co workers instead of the $ 50 . 00 apiece ones they were given from verizon purchase . .
i do n 't know if i 'm doing something wrong but this wo n 't charge my droid incredible .
this is the real deal and , generally , looks better than the one you get with your phone when you buy it ! many have said the blue light is too bright or distracting . . . . well , it all depends on where your accessory plug is and how dark the dash lighting is in your vehicle .
people kept asking where i got this
like i said , the first few days of ownership and a new replacement pad , i can wear it for the entire day with no problems .
got this for my brother for his iphone 3gs .
and by life , we all know that the iphone is our life , and once that screen cracks its a very morbid moment .
the case is also very slim , so you hardly know it 's even there .
that 's the only reason i gave it a 4 5 .
i 've already dropped the phone twice and the cover did n 't even scratch .
he not only did n 't know it was bluetooth , he thought i was calling on the landline house phone ! yes , it really is that good .
the price we paid was a lot less that the $ 40 they are asking here .
otherwise light , controls are easy to reach and distiguish .
excellent product , works great , have easy handling , and good quality as it is announced .
just amazing , great price and love these .
it makes me a lot more secure knowing that my phone is not likely to slide out but the case is simply too small for an iphone 5 to slide into or ( much worse ) remove from this holster .
i need to have the phone in front of me before i can use this bluetooth and not get static .
i purchased this for a behold phone that has been replaced by a galaxy s4 , there are some very precious photos that did not transfer , i hope to get them off and put on a computer via this cable .
last nokia i will ever buy .
i suggested krusell due to prior experience .
issue with it is they are now hard to find and their durability is poor , so i elected to try the voyager pro . pros it is very comfortable ; i have worn it all day and eventually did n 't notice it was there .
some may say that 's normal , but no there are plenty motorolas and sony erricsons that have stronger connectivity that do n 't crackle as easy when obstructed , so do n 't buy into that line .
the average lifespan of my headphones is something like 2 months and i 've had these for at least three and they 're holding up well .
checked the fuse and it was n 't blown ; it just stopped working .
you can use it in the car to get rid of the dead spots on your dirve .
i purchased one for each of our vehicles and i highly recommend .
picked this up from radio shack as a novelty item .
you can get used to the pattern so there would be no need to look at the small text once you get used to it .
i have a holster that i place my iphone into .
so far it 's working as intended .
but the phone does n 't die , either .
im giving it a 4 star mainly on price .
i probably should have rated it even lower , but it was so good at first that i just could n 't do it . this is my fourth bluetooth in the past two years .
but for the moment , the tabs are really tiny and hopefully will not break anytime soon . the only downsides i can find are a .
but i did n 't want to fry my phone with a $ 7 case .
i tested it 6 times to ensure the weight was worth carrying since weight is a premium when you are carrying everything on your back .
do n 't order things in a hurry , people .
the phone is basic but doing its job very good !
worked like a charm for my lvg no complaintsjust like a new phone again . now im an iphone guy .
make sure you check your connections before you buy this .
amazon is really a very good source for so many of these types of items .
so both the maxell and the coby get 1 star from me .
if your looking for the near perfect bluetooth speaker ( nothings perfect ) , this is the one .
the only bad part is this looks like a part of a males anatomy and i do n 't really want that on my head .
mine came unbranded which i 'm glad since i do n 't actually use this cable for a blackberry .
i guess the third time 's the charm !
ordered this thing on sep 19th .
instead , you just flip it open or closed .
the sweat and light mist from that month ( never did i run in the rain ) caused these to go out .
it 's perfect for what my boyfriend needed , it is n 't to much protection but it is n 't nothing .
this battery is great for replacing my original battery which was going bad .
the first was chewed up by the dog and the second my son has obtained . . .
but when my toddler flushed it i got the jabra as a replacement . i love it !
i do n 't care how much you pay for one of these type of cord , they should all work .
follow up review it 's been 2 full months now since we bought these batteries and they are still working perfectly .
i cannot believe how comfortable , and user friendly they are .
great price and it seems to be working for a lot of people . but . .
not much more i can say .
i bought this mifi thinking that i would swap it for my aircard that i 've been using on verizon for several years .
i had n 't noticed that from the images .
i picked up this headset the other day and i 'm relatively pleased with it .
the bad part is the headband breaks for no reason other than just using it .
it might be better for the itouch or iphone .
thats why its still 4 stars .
if it 's so great why not 5 stars ?
i do n 't know how anybody can make a cable like this under a buck .
i 've only had the case a few days and have already put it through it 's paces getting beaten and banged around at work ( industrial factory ) and it has taken the punishment well .
eventually the corners will get peeled up and that allows dirt underneath , so you 'll replace it eventually . . .
at first i thought this was just caused by my location .
i 'm quite satisfied with the item and plus it was cheap ! ! !
coverage is n 't good either , but who cares if you ca n 't receive calls anyway ?
plus the price was alot cheaper than other sites were offering the same thing for .
overall , i 'm very pleased with this product .
i loved my phone case but it is now april and now its falling apart because i really do use the wallet on my phone more than my actuall walllet i wish it would have lasted a little longer
the product seems very strong and should last a long time .
it comes with a screen protector that is very clear and seems so far not to scratch too badly .
i was given a set of these and i ca n 't for the life of me figure out why people like them so much .
so this case let 's the iphone be all those things .
this one is just like my original and works perfect !
i have purchase many other cases and this one is the best yet .
tried it on an iphone 3gs and it is a little loose .
this was actually a gift for a friend , but his feedback has been great !
get their other , more expensive model for that purpose .
enough said . i 'm buying another for my office .
they are cheap so no telling how long they last .
i 've only had it several days but seems like a well made product .
i have only had it one day so no long term review yet .
also from what i could hear it was not very good .
i have had very little problems with this headset , and have been able to use it with 4 phones , from 3 different phone providers without any complications .
although this one has better microphone than the new one i sent in , it battery is not very reliable to hold charge , also the battery portion is kind of loose . i can not recommend plantronics product at all .
looking here on amazon i found this .
it 's lighter and has less footprint than any other cover i 've ever used on this phone .
either way for the price just buy it !
i was expecting it to be a little bigger .
the controls are a bit stiff , as others have said .
the product is in its immaculate condition .
my t616 brought me to sony ericsson ; my s710a almost drove me away .
did its job and for a good price .
this unit replaced a motorola hs850 conscripted by my wife ) it 's better than the hs850 in the following ways 1 ) people hear me better .
not so much that we can walk far away from the box , but enough that our phones pick up calls they missed before if the phone is sitting next to the booster when the call comes in .
this tool allowed me to identify devices that were not energy efficient so that i can replace them if i wanted to .
i do wish that the lights were a little brighter , or possibly multicolored .
the films are nice and invisible once i put one on the phone .
its also very versatile and comfortable even for long periods of time that i even forget wearing one were it not for the sound i hear when my phone is ringing .
i happened to drop the phone for the first time this week on a concrete basement floor , and the case did it 's job !
i have over 15 cases so these i can use when playing dress up with phone .
it 's small and it opens up any iphone .
use this in my truck and its been working very well !
phone sometimes does n 't recognize this charger but after unplugging it and pluggin it back in it works fine .
i am sorry that i have to hunt for these online as opposed to in the store . for instructions go here . . .
i have use this product for 6 months it does a great job , the dlink i used on another system kept losing connection in the middle of transfers i threw it away , this one works . i use lots of usb devices and i have two of these on one computer and they work fantastic .
my husband had the voyager legend but twisted it the wrong way and broke it .
good deal for three , would buy again if need be .
the design is n 't up to this .
people will have no trouble hearing what you 're saying as the mic works very well .
i also use the original one in an outlet by my bed .
i would buy this case again without question .
all 10 appear to be in good shape and are not damaged upon arrival .
returne h790 . back to thicker , less fancy , but louder and with usable buttons h375 . btw , h375 highly recommended .
this must be a counterfeit product .
now i have to hold the unit to my ear to use it , or if will fall out .
it was more than sufficient back in the hotel room .
they have worked for our iphone 4 , 4s , and ipad 2 . will order again if i ever need more cords .
no , like me you 're thinking you can stick this to the window and it will increase your reception .
this little device is amazing ! ! i am in college and use it all the time when i have no access to charge my iphone ! ! works perfect and give me about 2 3 full charges before you have to recharge the little thing .
i am a graduate student and i also work part time .
my wife and i got rid of the voip service we had since everyone calls our cell phones anyway .
i carry in my purse without any damage whatsoever .
i love this charger , it just sits there all nice and neat until you need it .
it fit my wife ok but for me now way .
my friends complained about the echo and noise sometimes so i suspect if this is actually a refurbed one .
the product was used with an ipod classic and it worked fine .
after reviewing my case , he gave me the h700 as a replacement .
i wanted an alternative to something in my ear ( which always falls out ) while i drive this was the perfect solution .
this seems to be perfect for that .
i was able to complete it in a few hours and it works great !
he spent days trying to get mine to work with his to try it out and it would n 't work .
i recommend this official product over unofficial brands .
if i 'm afraid of it turning on , i can pop the battery compartment with my thumb .
these were just enough to keep my treo from moving .
just wish the connection was a bit better .
this gadget does what it tries to do , but the price has been dropping because what it tries to do is n 't enough most people these days .
this is ridiculous , not even the april fools' day yet ! i contacted amazon immediately and another phone is on its way to my door .
they fit almost everything and do it very nicely .
i 'd keep it without any doubt if it was n 't for static noise .
to amazon . com . my guess is that this will be my only one star review ever .
if i have to keep my phone within 6 feet of me all the time , what 's the point ? * too costly at $ 80 for what you get * everything interferes with this unit .
i guess i expected a box ? the unit charged fully in about 2 hours .
my razr v3 after two years would n 't hold a charge .
the fact that they protect the item you have from falls and water is amazing .
i love the fact that it is so small and fits in my purse easily .
so that is my fault for not paying closer attention to the specs .
although it is a little shorter than the original cable this has proven to be no problem .
maybe i just got a defective battery . . . .
my original cord broke and needed a replacement .
this one has lasted quite a while and is priced reasonably .
i will try again , but so far i 'm pretty disillusioned with the hf2 . i suppose i 'll have to call them and try to get an rma ( i let the return period with amazon expire . )
if green when being recharged , recharge for 1 hour .
just in case , i 'm ahead of the game .
and its big ! ! ! ! like 2 sec ! ! ! ! the software is extremely slow ! ! if u want to open up the messages or addresse book u have to wait a few sec until everything is loads up and of course everything else is slow too ! . .
i recently bought a blackberry tour at the verizon store , and because i was taking a trip in a few days , i bought the car charger even though i knew it was overpriced at thirty dollars . however , after i returned , i bought this product for another car at a fraction of the cost for what i paid for the first charger .
i have the cingular 2125 , i bought this headset and a couple of days later it was on its way back to amazon .
fell apart after two weeks not a good quality item at all i would not recommend it to anyone looking to purchase a cord .
i needed a bt headset for the longest time . . . . . since i never used one and was getting worried that i may get busted one day .
i was able to activate and get a number account without even having to put any money in on it .
i wanted to use this device to charge an ipad and an iphone at the same time .
i got this from acc stop at the end of may .
i use this to hookup my phone to the stereo and play some jams .
for that reason alone , everyone who has seen has wanted to order one . this is so cheap , you can order it and keep it as a spare in your car since it 's easy to charge and does n 't take up much more room that a big spy pen .
i purchased one of these for my ipod nano 1g .
clips could be sturdier . definitely a buy recommendation .
they sent me a 3gs screen which i realized ( after the 5th attempt ) was n 't going to work .
so i called my home and left a message on my answering machine .
i no longer have my calls cut off because the battery was n 't able to fully charge .
works great and i 'm glad i got it , but it was very , very stiff to insert at first , in fact , i was afraid i was going to do damage to my ipod , but very carefully and steadily , i got it in .
i liked it a lot but it was a little bulky so i went for a slimmer model this time ; the explorer 330 . forget it !
i leak tested it before leaving , and was impressed with the seal .
the current one , even though it 's missing one tab , still stays on the phone as it 's supposed to . when this thing falls apart , i will probably get another one , unless there 's a better product on the market .
make sure you read the instructions or watch a youtube video before attempting to fix it yourself .
i would highly recommend the discovery 925 .
it seems like the battery life is not as good as i would like , but i tend to keep my things charged .
used to replace the speaker in my htc incredible .
anyway i would suggest this to anyone that has the g1 phone much over the seido innocell .
the keypad is small but i have tiny hands so i find it perfect for my needs .
i could 've chosen a smaller phone with a better camera , but not with a speakerphone , or with speakerphone , but not at this price . ( . . . ) ca n 't beat it on value .
very nice keeps my screen looking great and will last for months , easy to install just put them on and forget .
my wife likes it because it still easily fits in her pocketbook .
there was a new one on the way .
also , the earpiece speaker is not that loud , so it is rather hard for me to hear callers when there is background noise ( e . g . , in the car ) . i just purchased this a couple of weeks ago .
they responded promptly to my email when i had a question .
it fit my phone perfectly and i still use it from time to time .
not sure how to rate this .
still need a charge as the day wears on .
and finally , this one does it .
it works great and is much better than the mounts that come with garmin or that can be purchased as an accessory .
a note of caution from someone who owned and used just about every major blackberry model if you already own a standard usb 2 . 0 cable and you do n 't need an extra , then you do not need this cable .
my landlord will not let me drill or install the cable .
i love this bluetooth the more and more that i use it ! it is completely comfortable to me . . .
this one was by far the easiest to install and the longest lasting . all the others took multiple tries just to get the damned things dust and bubble free .
but realistically this product worked as advertised . . .
as a result the fit is n 't tight enough .
that in itself makes it worth the money .
a must for every bb owner out there .
perfect protection and grip ! ! i love it for my wife 's phone so i bought it for a friend of mine too .
no problems and you ca n 't beat the price .
it has recently started to not fully set into my phone tightly and unless i lay my phone , while charging , in a flat , stable surface , although plugged in , does n 't continue the charge and is very loose .
so buy one of those , not this piece of garbage .
then i thought oh man i ordered the wrong thing . turns out it works even though all the connections do not seem to match , it is secure , and actually have a very high transfer rate .
i bought this product not knowing what to expect from it .
i ordered two of these batteries they worked great for my lg phone held a very good charge .
if you close it it close but seems like it wont close for long .
i finally placed my lg up on my shoulder about 10 inches away and it stayed in contact . every one of them quit working after about 20miles .
whether that 's a pro or a con depends on how you use it .
first thing he did was plunging big speakers instead , so i nearly regretted i bought it .
since i spend a lot of time for travling in my life , this item is good for me to charge my cell phone whenever i go .
i just wish they were a little cheaper , but you get what you pay for .
there are so many great , lengthy reviews about this phone already , i 'll keep this one short and simple . it 's a great phone .
you can bend them maybe a dozen times before they fatigue .
what can i say , i bought this for my wife 's note a while back .
the controls are great and it 's comfotable .
so basically a small waste of money .
i use this item with my samsung fascinate .
they did not work for me that we 'll , i would n 't really buy more of these , they even feel like bad material .
this is a great protector for my new favorite gadget !
just make sure you spray and spray again . i have tried other shields , but like this one the best by far .
it stopped working completely after about 2 months while i was on a road trip . get the better unit . . . .
the one thing i hate it was forever pulling my hair whenever i would take the phone down away from my ear .
i would say after 2 hours of use , you should take it off before your ears get sore .
beware who you buy from , as there are many vendors out there , all whom seem to have some version or another . i ordered this from one of the vendors and the vendor actually sent me an older style , which had the release clasps ( for old ipod classics and video ) , it 'll work , however , it was not what i ordered , and another thing i learned from studying this connector it 's of shoddy quality . . .
needless to say i 'm very happy , and for about $ 5 ? what a deal . not sure why some people are having problems , but the battery came with instructions and i did charge it for a full 8 hours before using it . note the battery seems a tad thicker , but the door closes fine .
i also know better than to order from this seller , as i have had dismal experiences with ordering cases for other devices .
it 's your basic black , boring holster that you 'll see on 10 , 000 traveling businessmen in any airport in america ( me included ) . if that fits your needs , ca n 't go wrong with it .
not only am i out the $ 2 . 59 . now i have to spend $ 25 for a new screen protector ! ! i wish i could give it 0 stars !
ordered for the price 1 . 99 for 5x fs . very nice , came early and i am using it , as not thick as other , but i like that and do it suppose to do ( mirror effect )
a smaller version that could fit on a keychain would be something i 'd like to see .
the cord is thin and barely noticeable .
it will last you a lot longer . .
it 's always a good idea o keep a few extra cables around as backup , and these cables are cheaper here than at the apple store .
this charger has worked fine for as many months as i have owned it .
the pairing was not as bad but many times it would disconnect one line or the other
these do protect the screen from scratches and falls ( i 've dropped mine face down way too many times ) . but it also makes the screen a little hazy .
makes my phone feel a little bigger but nothing major .
i picked this one based on the reviews .
do n 't get me wrong it is not an iphone , but if you want an attractive , solid , smart phone with good reception and nice features and a real physical keyboard this baby is it . you will not be disappointed .
this did n 't do much for me .
i also paid lot less , just 2 bucks .
great item to have with a mobile device !
some times they would leave a charger at a friends home so i bought this one to put in my house for the kids to use .
i think it was a great price .
if you are thinking of buying a charger , this is the way to go .
i 've had this case for 5 months now and it is still perfect .
the only flaw is the power button is easily turned on in bags when you do n 't want it to be on .
this lets me and the caller make a reasonable comparison of sound quality .
this one is by far the best protection you can give your iphone , bar none !
a little tight at first but it holds my phone and i do not feel i have to worry about my phone being damaged .
it seems like they have now added one picture in which you can kind of see it from the side .
did not bother trying to figure out which from the shipment was broken ( i . e . , stone or back ) . i 'm sure it would have been great had it worked .
maybe when apple adds wireless sync this wo n 't be an issue , but for the moment this thing is a lot more trouble than it is worth .
highly highly recommend for those who desire the absolute best in protection .
overall , a solid battery and one that i 'd buy again .
uses daily and so far , no problems .
one of the features i required was mute , so this was one of the few choices i had .
even when in warenty , they refuse to tell you where to ship it back for repair replacement and it was pulling teeth to the point where i gave up and threw the damn thing out .
i do n 't love having to do that but , if you do n 't use a case it does hold on to the windshield great .
yes , yo do need to buy the tips for this to work .
the only thing you can use is a cradle that they sell , as far as i have been able to find out . i paid an exorbitant amount for shipping from this seller and ended up returning it and had to pay for more shipping .
bought this to connect my speakers to my tv .
the sound is great better then the more expensive ones i have purchased in the past
i was surprised how quickly i received it .
it 's ok , but you have to make sure the cable does n 't fall out .
you can go a long way from the phone and retain connection though !
i ended up loosing it after about 2 weeks because its not attached to the phone . .
the skin is exactly what i was looking for !
quick to charge when you really need them up and useful .
i bought this as a lightning deal for an amazing price . i was skeptical at first , but when my husband started playing music on it , i was shocked .
no longer have the iphone 3g but this thing served it purpose !
when they arrived , i told him to put one on .
and the battery life is n 't too ugly at 5 hours .
other then that i like it .
ignore the guy who broke his phone . . . this is a very good phone .
this is my second one , the last one was falling apart from a lot of wear and tear .
he said that he had trouble with his connections but we did not know if it was the product , where he was at the time of using it or if it was the other parties connection .
the battery is also very bad .
i decided that since i got five of these i would try again .
would have loved if the cable was longer or interchangeable , but it is an ok product .
compared to the apple version thise product is great .
i am satisfied with this purchase at this price .
after owning a n78 and n79 , i can say the touchscreen is a big improvement over a physical keypad with buttons . after using this touchscreen , i 'm not sure if i can ever go back and embrace a more traditional phone again .
would have to be removed from the case to place in a docking station ( i do n 't use one ) .
i work from home most days .
make sure you clean your screan really good .
the product is great , very handy , and priced very fair .
i had to carry my phone around in my pocket !
i put this on a 3gs .
still working after a lot of use .
it looks really bad on the black s4 but i gave it to my friend with a white s4 . so if you have the white one , buy it .
i like the case very much .
i was looking for an option that would allow me to workout without the restrictions of wires .
i 've used many of these over the years and this one seems functionally and aesthetically identical to the chargers that come with a new blackberry .
this is for my husbands phone and he really likes it .
they are the worst product i have ever used .
there really is n 't much more to say about this .
i have bought many cases for many different cellphones and this is the first case that compelled me to write a review .
i was surprised when i opened the box that this grid was so thin , which was nice , but otherwise it 's not a very attractive device , so i did n 't want to put it in plain view .
all of my questions were answered by the time i finished reading the two pager .
bought the new trent imp500 and it fit the bill perfectly .
probably not a relevant review today , but still not worth your money
the price seemed to good to be true and it was .
for this price you could buy a couple .
but , if you 're ordering online , and not buying through a verizon store , you 'll only be paying a few bucks each time !
do n 't buy this product if you want to wear it on your belt because the clip on does not work !
for a few days it would not charge about 63 and this morning it said fully charged and when i got to work the battery was down 40 . bummed that it only worked for a few months .
they just are not as comfortable to wear and the sound quality is not as sharp , both for me and for who i am speaking with .
i returned it because it came dented .
not perfect , but they do n 't cause any functionality issues .
if you 're willing to put up with the occassional buggy behavior , i 'd definitely recommend this phone .
i got this as a daily special .
i happen to be looking at cases and found this case was amazed at the price for this case and i quickly decided to purchase it thank you
unfortunately , it has failed in less than a year .
this cable is a must if you need a replacement .
unlike some high end moto phones from a year or two back , this one works very well and has a decent interface .
i can shout and whisper and the volume is constant .
i 've created different profiles on my laptop , store computer and home computer .
i am happy with the purchase and would recommend these headphones .
the controls are akwardly placed and requires you feeling around for the buttons , even then sometime i end up hitting the wrong button .
i have since found that it is really a perfect fit , and not tight at all , if you insert the phone in the correct orientation which is to say with the screen facing the back .
i have to take out my phone to make calls , but it 's a small issue for me .
i 'm getting one that allows a headband next time , as i just do n 't like these secure behind the ear only types . ( have had for around 2 3 months now )
i bought this one because of the excellent review , however , after pairing it to my treo 650 and using it for a couple of days , i 'm quite disappointed .
the price was unbelievable . $ 0 . 01 one penny , that 's how much the price was , plus s h ; total about $ 3 . i do n 't know why the price was so low but i 'm very happy with my purchase ! the design is great .
not much else to say about it right now .
i purchased this as a gold box special to augment the speakers on my laptop .
the manufacturer says that if the frames become bent they can be straightened out by carefully bending them .
i use it everyday , home , work even on my deck listening to my music .
i 'll be buying another bluetooth , but this will do for the time between ordering .
randomly my phone will stop charging then start back causing the screen to go on and off constantly .
good luck trying to fit two in there .
i picked up one of these on sale recently , and was pretty impressed with the product .
i 'm happy to say i have no problem slipping this case into a jeans pocket . . . again , not as bulky as it looks in the photos .
i just drop it in the cradle and walk away .
i love my music but the way it sits around your head , after wearing for for some time , its start to hurt .
the way i compared headsets was to pair two at a time , put one in each ear , and then switch between them while on the same call .
while we have previously reviewed this product for the vine program , we enjoy its features very much .
everybody was loving the case , and what they do n 't know is that it cost me 60 cheaper then all the other brand .
i was expecting a bit higher quality product but it is what it is .
i have two of these one in my wife 's passat and the other in my tundra limited truck .
but then it could only recharge it partially on my second ( connecting ) flight .
it was nice in color , and thats about it .
so far i have had the adapter and earpiece on for over 16hrs with out a charge , while receiving many phone calls and direct calls during these hours .
i use two different types of charger bought at different times so i know the charger is not the cause .
the person being called could hear the first syllable and that was it .
i like this anyway and will get another usb for my blackberry if i need to .
i 've gone through several backup battery solutions over the past few years and all suffer from either a lack of power or were ridiculously large .
this has got to be one of the most satisfying phones that i have ever owned and i find it hard to put down .
the regular stores have stopped carrying it because it keeps getting returned because it does n 't work worth a darn .
after about 4 month of usage , it is broken today .
i use this cable on my home pc and leave it plugged into the computer at all times .
i can wear it for several hours but at some point my ear does start hurting . i use this with my treo 700w .
the ear piece is not as comfortable as i 'd like , but after you wear it a while i think your head adjusts to the shape . software install was easy , and setup was pretty no brainer .
construction is heavy duty and should last a long time .
a quick call to tmobile after my last one got stolen and i was up and running on my old account no problem .
i 've just had to replace the plantronics 510 voyager that i 've had for over 2 years because i twisted it incorrectly when trying to adapt it for use on my right ear instead of my left and that errant twist apparently broke a wire inside renedering it useless .
the fit is so tight you can barely get them in , once you do , the case does n 't close very well over the phone . i guess i could go back to a wallet , but i really did n 't want to do that .
in my case i bought the light as a courtesy to my co workers ; i am the first one in the office to wear a headset and they were uncomfortable approaching me whenever i was wearing it .
does the job . . . for the pricenot the best quality and does begin to bend from constant continuous use , but for the price and just to keep on your key chain , it will do . no serious complaints .
this unit is solid and nice light with good price .
she loved them so much that she was crushed when she broke them by tearing the cord out .
i use this on my htc evo 4g lte .
it feels like it will fall out , but it has n 't yet .
the cord is not too short , not too long , and i like that it 's coiled .
this cover has proved satisfactory in all respects i dropped the phone a few times already and thing happened .
it took a little time to install and had many updating to do but worked the first time after installation and works every time since . anyone looking to purchase this package will be astonished and surely satisfied i know i am .
this one is by far the most protective of any i 've had or seen .
hardest part of using this device was finding out what your energy cost is in your own area as this must be kept under lock and key if you do n 't have a utlity bill laying around to show you .
but the belt clip expanded on the first day and i could n 't get it to tighten back up .
i do n 't have this phone anymore but i loved the magnetic charger .
in less than a month the product stopped working and upon examination it was clearly fried !
to be fair though , the almost dead battery symptoms happen in many of the other ones i 've tested also .
while i hear static , people on the other phone can hear me fine , just as good as when i 'm using h500 .
and they are expensive to buy in store .
the usb cable i was using for my motorola droid x was not working correctly for my s3 . it would allow me to see the files but not transfer them back and forth .
but you do n 't really have to put the plastic on , like the manufacturer suggests .
she uses this one a lil more than the snap on kind because when she swaps out her battery it 's easier to take off but all in all it 's 11 cents what do you have to lose , do you really even need this review to tell you that .
i bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday , and for some reason he wanted this instead of just a charging case , and he absolutely loves it .
will i recommand this package no .
would it be possible to improve this switch to allow it to slide back and forth ?
in this case that was not the case , both cables while they looked fine , were not .
you really ca n 't go wrong for the price .
when i first bought my phone , i did n 't buy a car charger did n 't think i 'd need it .
i bought this so that i could use and charge my tab at the same time .
after a lot of usage the cable can become weak and eventually break .
this jabra is the best . 2 ) . it is a good friend .
the charger cord is a retractable so i can stick it in my purse and it does n 't get wrapped around or start dragging .
i used the case with my tmobile g1 , it was quickly lost .
this is my second case for my galaxy note 2 and bang this one hits the nail on the head .
this very simple device goes a long way to fixing that problem .
my daughter recently received a blackberry pearl 8100 as a hand me down from a family member .
but i already get another otter this really fit .
i literally send text messages 10 times faster than i used to .
i can hear the other people , but they ca n 't hear me .
otterbox recommends you use powder and compressed air to reduce or completely remove this problem ( before putting it on your phone of course ) . check out . . . for full instructions . i had to repeat this process about 5 or 6 times before i fixed the problem . . . .
i went afew times to bestbuy but the prices were ridiculous .
my best friend when he calls says i am james the all mighty dwarf yes it is funny to me
she kept taking off the case and eventually lost it , literally . i saw a deal on the itorch and bought it for her as a replacement .
loved it and it helped protected my phone .
try to use them in a large fitness center or outdoors like for jogging , cycling , etc . , and the audio cuts out about 3 4 times each minute .
this is a very nice phone .
wilson has told them many times they are shipping the wrong antenna but they continue to do it .
much cheaper this way prompt and reasonable shipping .
i am very happy with this product and the shipping was super fast !
i like that it uses a usb connection ; it makes it easy to charge and so much more versatile .
i was amazed to find this on amazon for such a good price .
this charger does the job and it works great , and i saved a ton of money _ i will say this one is nice because other chargers . . .
bought this thing years ago and it has n 't stopped working .
has a 4s now so no longer using it .
oh , and they are tricky to charge .
i suggest you do a little more browsing before you settle for this product .
this did the trick of allowing me to connect it to an old pc monitor i had laying around instead of constantly hooking and unhooking from our tv .
it seems like an after thought to include a flashlight at all , i would like to see it brighter or done away with completely .
i receive the package as promised too .
but after multiple calls in various locations no one could hear me well .
it 's great to have a spare , never know when you might need one .
i get about 175 charge on my nexus s 4g ( which admittedly has a battery on the smaller side compared to most phones today ) . i use it when i travel and it works awesome .
i would also argue it 's one of the best accessories for any phone .
i really like the razr phones , when they work but this v3 model has been terrible and i would rate it lower than 1 star if possible .
i actually had to turn down the sound it is so loud .
i have the similar lg hbs730 but prefer these due to the ease of finding the buttons you want but prefer the flexible neck of the lgs .
however , the replacement developed the exact same problem in a manner of weeks .
it is great to have it in two lengths in case you do n 't need to go as far , but i am glad then included a cable connector so that i could use the full length .
the price is verry good the same stuff you find in a regular store except cheaper
you can do better for the money .
when i discovered i did not want to use the keyboard , i still found this case very useful .
they have always charged extremely slowly as well .
the clarity is really good and the sound is great as well .
i love how it comes equipped with everything you need to install it .
i carry this battery pack with me all the time in case i need it for anything .
well the color is ok but it 's clear and darker and not as shiny and pretty .
it comes with some skins , which are cool , as well .
my favorite is the motorola h350 or h500 . however , my husband is a power user unlike me so his needs were different .
i am very pleased with the quality !
we tested it in those areas and it reliably boosted it where we could make calls without a problem .
i am always looking for my cord so i bought this one at a very nice price and it works well .
a good deal past my comfort zone for price , but after using it do n 't regret it one bit .
this is a great case i just do n 't use it that much because it doesnt really protect my phone from being damage
they can be a little uncomfortable on the ears after about 45 min , but you get used to it . note i only used them with my ipod touch 2g , not a phone .
bought this to use on a 12 hour car trip and it worked perfectly .
speakerphone is very good and can be utilized with or without phone being opened .
they are pretty good for someone wanting to listen to music and not miss that important call .
iam very happy with this product , working excellent , i can charging two cell phone at the same time while driving
this was a really great deal .
this is a real problem with the note 2 as it is big enough that it is only a matter of time before it snags on something no matter how careful you are .
you have 5 protectors , at least practice with the first one . patience is the key ! ! i will be more than happy to use this when my screen protector needs to be replaced .
my brother just got the htc one , and i promised him an awesome case like the one i have for my s4 . super sleek look , fits well , does n 't get overheated and saves the day every now and then !
ca n 't complain as most stuff from china has a 50 failure rate anyways .
the shipping was longer than what i paid for .
thank goodness it was only $ 50 on here instead of the $ 100 they were asking at retail stores .
i read some nice reviews about this product and decided to give a try for $ 1 . 00 . they delivered 5 pack of screen protector ( good thing ) but unfortunately none of them worked so well .
when my wife is using it , i ca n 't tell a difference between her using the headset and her using the phone . if you had to choose between the two devices , i 'd go with the jabra 4010 easily . . . even if it is more expensive ( which we paid the same price for both of them ) .
its really packed full of features . . . . however i do admit that keypad is a bit on the small side .
i 've owned a sony and plantronics previously . sound quality as well as volume is clear for both myself and the person on the other line .
in one hour my battery went up only 2 ! ! what the what !
its pretty nice love it , easy to use and comfortable and affordable , just a good piece to have to guard your iphone
it has lot of functions , but sorry to say the phone was lost due to my negligence . . .
not some off brand knock off ( yes , everything is made in china these days but these are the real mccoy ) . . . . . .
the one caution i would say is that mine was n 't very durabled .
the phone is great , but they all have the same problem the battery does n 't stay firm in its place and the phone turns off every 5 minutes .
you can stack them i such a way to get you a weeks charge .
but , it is doing it 's job keeping my iphone from getting scratched up .
i like how long the cord is with this changer so that i 'm able to reach the night stand and table from where i plug it in at .
both of them stopped charging after a couple of months .
i run and they were great to run in except as one of the other commenter 's said they constantly cut out .
very happy with the service i received .
i have more than a few other brands so i went back to my old favorite headset , a motorola .
i used to be obsessed with changing phone cases , but now i am obsessed with this phone case ! ! what a great find ! ! 5 stars
so if a octogenarian can deal with something , that speaks volumes to the product ! in her case , she was using an iphone overseas , so any issues of power converters were moot .
it will come in handy for my n9000 phone which is too big to hold up to my ear .
you would have a hard time finding some of them .
it did not last as long as the original , but got the job done .
it is necessary to have that antenna as close to the phone as possible to achieve the highest performance .
overtime it gets scratches but not really noticeable .
it is always exposed and vulnerable .
bought several of these to put in diff .
the connections are quick , strong and steady .
i was thrown off by its price .
and the item is just as described .
i bought this for my son and this is what he has to say 34 ; this is a great case and held my phone waterproof on a whole cold weekend trip .
for a low priced bb earphones , its condition was like new ! ! ! i 'll pay the person who sees and hears audio through this and can lie and say that its not good . this is fantastic for the buy . . .
should have bought more than 1 when it was 4 . 99 after 20 mir .
however , it is significa n 'tly smaller and , more importantly , small enough for me to think that i will be able to carry outside the hotel room .
if there one thing i found with the blackberry is that the charge outlet ( on the side ) breaks very easily . with the bb 's you have two choices either pay the $ 125 to repair or buy a new model if you do n 't have the renewal discount .
this is a nice battery , but i am worried about the cords extending from the battery itself .
i used this with the sleek .
i can shake my head violently and it does 't come out .
it seems to work ok otherwise tho sometimes i do have a sound problem that is not present when i just listen straight from the phone without it . . . it 's sometimes quite garbled .
i think it not only protects , but enhances , i would order one for the back if they sold it .
i find that it does n 't seem to attract makeup anymore and even when it does i can easily clean it off with a gentle cloth .
i highly recommend this product excellent quality with an affordable price .
overall very satisified with the product .
that seems to be a good news ; but it makes it quite hard to put iphone inside and take it out .
in those two areas the h700 is definitely an improvement over the h300 . i did not use the voice activated commands , so i cannot speak to that , but i do see where that could be useful . overall i do see the h700 as an improvement over the h300 . my only problem with it , which is why i did not give it 5 stars , was the bluetooth drop out .
contrary to other reviewers , i do n 't find the case ultra bulky or unattractive at all .
still , the price is low so i ca n 't complain too much .
they do n 't send you the one in the picture .
i will say that i got another one for my iphone 4 and elago has improved on that so i do n 't know if they changed that for the ones meant for the 3g 3gs as of late . the yellow is vibrant and looks good .
at any rate , you ca n 't go wrong with the 510 .
i had to be home to sign for it or drive to the office to pick it up personally !
i recharged it overnight in the hotel at my first destination before going on a long bus ride , and it would n 't fully charge my phone while enroute to my second destination .
my daughter uses her for her ipod touch .
a five star rating if it included a case ( i would have even paid extra for a case )
all i am saying is i wish they would include a little more robust power supply with this unit .
it is generally compatible with just about all the regular phones .
this is not a big deal .
you must leave the h500 turned on and actively connected to your phone in order to use it , just like any other headset .
presto , there they were and now i have a couple of amazing stocking stuffers for my grandchildren .
i sent it back to sony .
i have dropped my phone several times with the case on and it has survived so far .
i had no chance to use it because it is the charging dock only !
do n 't think you can see this from the pics included .
well the cable took over a month to get here and it worked the couple of times i charged my ipad and now it does n 't work at all just stay away from these made in china and just get the original
i think it 's only because its such an older version phone .
i actually purchased this for my girlfriend to use with her plantronics voyager pro .
do not buy ! ! how do i send this battery back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i bought this charger for my blackberry phone . it 's just what i needed and i use it continuously .
so it only does half of what it says , i 've heard other people say it works for them even in the wind but apparently not for everyone .
then i thought something was wrong with my car .
i 've been using this charger regularly for over 6 months with absolutely no problems .
would recommend it is a really low price .
the * dim * light emitted from the base when it 's not holding your phone is handy too , because you always know where on your nightstand that the base is located while in the dark . if i was keeping this phone another two years , i 'm confident the base would continue to perform .
imagine my surprise when it arrived in 2 days . better yet following video guides on youtube and reading written instructions elsewhere , i was able to replace my broken screen in less than 30 minutes .
it has n 't broken , however it has broken in nicely and is very comfortable to use .
i 'm so glad this case slides on by itself . i like it so much , i ordered a spare . )
if you look at it side by side with a genuine cable you can tell that the plastic is also of much cheaper quality .
i love the phone , but ca n 't do the bluetooth yet .
i like these very much with the mic built in , cause i do n 't have to reach my phone to answer
nothing remarkable , but well made and has been holding up very well now for over 2 months . i like that i do n 't have to unflap anything to quickly grab my phone when it rings .
thank you thank you thank you ! ! they are helpful in having extra chargers laying around
these batteries are typically double to triple the cost in the stores and amazon again has shown it can offer a product at a great price .
now i can charge my micro usb items in more locations in my home ; friends who come over and are seemingly always borrowing my charger now have a place to charge their phones , too ! i would definitely buy again , in fact i may buy a few more to have on hand .
i 'm hardly an audiophile and do n 't demand much in the way of fidelity , which is a good thing with the bt620s , since its audio response is defeinitely lo fi , not hifi . i am constantly bothered by what sounds like static with my bt620s .
one in pink and one in bronze and they both have a little crookedness to them ) . i only noticed the flaw in them because im slightly ocd .
they are a little flimsy , but they should be fine .
i would avoid this stylus unless you want one that is disposable .
i travel a lot and rely on this charger to keep my iphone going .
if you want cool , get this one . by the way , i 'm a long time att customer and had no trouble ( read it took less than 10 minutes to buy and activate this phone ) with cingular .
i primarily use this , as it is meant to be used , on the ps3 . how ever , i do sometimes use it for calls and computer gaming .
the sleek i bought it with is the same situation .
i purchased the charger directly from the amazon store so there 's really no excuse for this .
both of these can be mildly annoying , but arent really a big problem .
most cases are $ 15 and up especially at the cell phone stores .
came out great and i tipped himcouple of box .
the sound is crisp , i am a old time rock roller , like my music good loud .
i bought mine like this a long time ago and it lasted me abt more than 6 months i like it bec i can just hang my phone on any hook , and even in my car , its slim enough on my phone that it doesnt intercept with my cellphone car mount . , and i swap mine from time to time and it still sticks pretty good .
none the less i am very satisfied with the product .
please be aware that if you do not take action on this item within 5 days , it will be cancelled from your order . cancel necessary phone and service plan packages i had no idea what this cryptic message meant , but essentially they were requiring me to cancel the order .
i suppose if you have the misfortune of dropping the phone in the case and a corner hits then it might damage the corners but i wanted that added functionality , so just do n 't drop your phone .
it only worked until the time i could return it had expired .
they were sent to me quickly and the price was very reasonable .
now my dock and cable are in harmony with the rest of my desktop .
other than that it is truly a superior product .
but not wat we expected out of a bose product . . .
if you are looking for something less bulky , this is a good option .
to some , this may be good so you do n 't accidentally push the power button in your pocket .
bought my daughter a palm pre and had the chance to use this headset with my blackberry curve , love the sound the sound is so great that my daughter who never use a headset kept them for her mp3 players , had to get one and did n 't not want to pay 30 . 00
i 've had this stylus for a month and while it worked well at first it does not now .
it is a very simple thing but does exactly what it is meant to do .
it needs to be protectedthese are the best and i will continue to use these and search for larger sizes .
i took it apart and the internal fuse that is not designed to be replaced has failed . .
also , it 's so light that i 've forgotten i had it on .
the bass is wonderful and people can hear me clearly when i make a call .
this was the first product to pop up , had decent reviews , and was cheap .
sometime more mean lease bad purchase on this item .
for god 's sake , it kept your phone safe for a year . . . . . buy a new one !
this is the best one yet !
i now plan to use this for my point and shoot canon camera instead .
i had a 30 minute call with a friend and the sound was fine .
if you do n 't have problems with dropping your phone a lot , this case is n 't that bad and can do it 's job if taken care of , but if not i suggest a different case . i have mixed feelings about this particular case .
everyone i spoke to told me i sounded like i was in a tunnel , could never hear me , which was n 't an overall good experience .
i was standing at bestbuy and talking to someone who said i 've tried almost all of them and they are n 't worth it . i would agree with that , i 've yet to try a bluetooth headset that is worth buying and this one is no exception . in terms of performance this one is not very good because it picks up all background noises , despite it claims to do the opposite .
do not buy this product , not worth your money !
over all i 'm happy with my purchase .
it 's . . . okay . . . but probably needs to be used pushed into place more so it rests down and stable .
why pay $ 30 $ 40 in the store when you can buy it online at amazon for a much better price ?
this review is for the white one i have and i feel the ratings are not doing this product justice ! i can not begin to tell you how invaluable this product is to anyone who owns an iphone .
it 's a pretty cool bonus i was n 't expecting . i ca n 't really imagine any improvements .
i was in desperate need of another one and it seems that will all the newer versions of phones coming out its harder to find stuff for it .
if you live in a cold climate you may have issues with the suction .
great product especially considering the price .
it 's a stable product , imho , for all that i know , and i hope it 's somewhat of a protection from direct listening , although i do n 't use my cell phone for talking very often .
they will die . if you have no plans of using these while working out or activities that will cause you to sweat these are still awesome headphones .
i talk mostly to my husband on it and he says the sound is clear on his end .
there are many phone cases more expensive than this one and a lot worse .
i got this from u i phones .
i love it , i bought it at an at t store when it first came out for almost $ 140 . 00 , so you can see that its a great price here .
the apps are limited , it freezes up and was overall a disappointment .
some air bubbles are normal , they dissipate after a few days .
i keep my phone in the case and just slide it into the holster when needed . i love cases like these and will keep ordering them for any phone i have .
i bought two other cases but had to jam the iphone in .
but if you need them just for a workout or a commute to work you will probably be ok with these .
i guess i am one with a big head ) . the only other issue i could pick out is that the on board controls are a little hard to pick out while wearing them they are small , somewhat flush , and close together .
take this review for what its worth .
this is what the doctor ordered . . . it is still working perfectly as others have gone the wayside since . . . i am thrilled with this quality , preformance and the price was great if i recall . . .
correct it was another defective unit .
i bought this for a htc one x plus i can use it on my droid razr m if needed .
my phone does not even recognize it 's plugged in .
i have not used it for a tablet or ipad which requires more juice .
i loved this , it was so durable .
get 'em if you need 'em
also , i tried over and over again but i could n 't get this to fit the phone .
i purchased this battery to replace a water soaked one in an iphone 4 . i do n 't even know if it is charging or not as the unit wo n 't turn on for me .
it is so tight that i think you could tear the case getting it on or off unless you pry it off with something like a pen .
it was an older phone though , but never the less it served its purpose .
this is deceptive and somewhat misrepresentational .
this case cover is very thin and i imagine would only protect from scratches and the smallest of bumps .
in the store are 20 or 35 dollars activated .
my office was trying to decide on which model to go with , so we ordered up a half a dozen latest models of headsets .
her case is now broken in 3 different spots , and mine is doing just fine .
finally , it gets so bad that i have to throw out the cable .
i plan on ordering iphone 4s for me soon .
i hope it does because i really wanted to use that case . i will update in a few days .
these cables are not oem and some are not compatable with the iphone or ipads .
the reviews available on this product from the amazon website really helped me make a great decision . this model may not be the latest technology but it 's enough for me .
so i decided to spend a little more this time .
his battery was about to wear out its welcome .
i strongly reccommend this item for use with the iphone .
i got this on two different headsets .
for my wife who actually carries her phone , it may not last quite as long , and so she 's gotten into the habit of charging her phone every 3 5 days .
the wires are thin and very fragile .
with this item ( i have 2 of these devices ) , i would charge this item via the local outlet then use it to charge my other devices .
if i did n 't use these for working out , then i would recommend these hands down .
despite all of these positives , i will be replacing it with another brand .
worked great , no problems for me .
i 've found that typically the cheaper ones stop working over several months due to poor connections .
also , i just upgraded from iphone to an android where i can simply change the freakin battery pack .
i like it , it 's small and light enough to take during traveling !
this thing save me space and the ugliness of extra cords hanging from my laptop or computer .
other than that it is great to have .
got this one for my new 3gs .
i saw the same thing at apple and at t for twice the price !
i have used motorola 850 's for years .
i use this as my second charger one at home , and this one at work when needed .
i did not see that it charged any faster or slower than any other usb cord would .
i think some of it has to do with how my kids handle the cables too .
i bought this item for my sister because she had an e63 nokia that was only shutting off on her so she thought it was the battery causing the problem .
now i do n 't like this product because when you are outside in the sunlight it is very hard to see your screen .
it 's always nice being able to charge my phone , no matter what car i 'm in .
i 'm very impressed with these cables .
well let me lay my skepticism to rest because it works perfectly !
it is cheap but thats to be expected for the price .
they work for their purpose so , i would recommend this product .
now a month later , it 's super glued together in three spots
some of them gave me bubbles , some came off right away after sticking on the screen for 3 minutes .
i have two for the car , and one for use in the house .
they produce a beautiful sound , i am not saying it 's 100 perfect and that some overly critical audiophile wo n 't find a flaw in them . . .
this stuff is already outdated but my words will live on in amazon forever .
if the call is n 't dropped altogether , my dad is soon complaining that he can barely hear me .
but does look good if you like that . there is a reason that it 's almost a 5 star rating after nearly 3 , 000 reviews at this point ! !
i get a days worth of use easy .
i leave the battery on all the time .
the ends have n 't degraded noticeably , still providing a reliable charge .
i usually charge my phone at home , but i keep one of these in the car just in case .
nice light in the sockets , generally works great , would have been 5 stars but onceeeee in a while i have to unplug and plug the unit back in .
this product is pretty straight forward .
all in all , a very poor product that has disappointed me .
i did not like this product .
the only reason i gave four stars rather than five is because i 've only used it for a couple of weeks and therefore am unable to comment on durability .
i received the package right on the estimated date and never had to followup with anyone .
but that 's my fault for not looking at the specifications . either way , love it , very useful , and totally worth it !
i did n 't realize it comes with its own screen protector so i had bought him an extra screen protector .
he even took it to the apple store to try to get them to help , no good .
the more you use it the more often you must pull battery to reboot .
i use one of the included ear clips . the sound is clear and crisp , and when i 've asked people on the other end if they can hear me okay , they always ask why because they ca n 't tell any difference between me talking on this headset and using the phone . i 've been using it with an iphone 3gs .
the phone will go in , but it is tight , so if you are trying to pull it out in a hurry , forget it .
however , it rests at the bottom of a trash can beside me , in the hotel i am in , after removing the charging cord for just the third time .
i 'm buying one for my wife 's iphone .
i love having extra cords so i never have to worry about my iphone needing to be charged and then realizing i left my cord at home .
at the current price this phone is a bargain .
if only i could change out the battery on my ipod that easily ( are you listening apple ? ) . do n 't hesitate to get this battery .
it was definitely worth the money .
i 'm not sure why its so cheap , but they 've got a good thing going here .
again i have a decorative case and really did not want to cover up the design , nor did i want to tape anything to my phone .
these batteries are really good they hold the charge really good plan to order another for a spare , they last along time charge maybe once a week .
i have tried contacting seller and no reply ! ! ! ! !
the cord loop is a good idea in case it becomes detached from the usb cord but mine has n 't come loose yet .
i have n 't had any problems with it . it does n 't fit as good as my old plantronics 510 but once you get the idea on how to put it on your ear , its a non issue . i 'd recommend it .
it could be a little bit longer .
taking a star off just for that .
sure , you ca n 't go and download an app for everything .
i was unsure about this case , as i text a lot , and thought it might add too much for just sending a quick text .
and now i do n 't need as much help driving as i used to )
it 's not as bad as losing the set on a street , but , still , i am unable to use it until boxes get unpacked .
these guys are compact lightweight .
the screen is smaller than many expensive smart phones but it serves my purpose at a cheap price .
callers on the other end can hear me clearly and vice versa .
it rests in the air about a foot or so above my desk and i leave my phone under it .
i 've had this for over a year ( 4 of them total in four different cars ) they 've been great to keep the phones charged while we drive .
have had so many compliments i have several different colors .
luckily this wiped off but i do n 't like the fact that its rubbing against the phone . 3 . this is my biggest problem with the case .
it 's definitely buyers beware when buying third party stuff but i was satisfied with what i got .
my case on my phone is about as thin as they make them , yet this was still too small for it .
i got this for my sister and it came in great condition with everything that was needed .
so i 've stopped using the belt clip .
this is a great cord for the money .
you can order an additional dock separately .
i 've quite drop prone , so this is definitely an improvement .
weird it seems as if motorola is buying stuff and placing their name on it and calling it good .
will definately look for this seller again to purchase from .
i let them run out of power ( and dry out ) and charged them again .
i just bought this piece of junk .
charges up in about 2 hours and will go for a couple weeks , with an hour or two of use per day .
it works pretty good and i can walk away from my phone and it is still clear .
also , the button may be a little too easy to press , if it 's in the pocket or a case , when you do n 't want it pressed .
i 'll give an update if it breaks or chips like many other reviewers , but until then , great case .
takes forever to get to you , so do n 't order unless you have time to kill .
i 'm using this with an older mot v330 . highly recommended for both the performance and price .
i ordered and received in time .
i bought this for my treo 650 and so far i 'm very impressed .
i saw other reviews where they disable some features but i think these are intended for thick cases that the normal headphones wo n 't fit in .
i have used many , many iphone covers .
this device did not help at all .
worked for only about 1 week .
this battery revived my dead phone .
i recommend it since it is just a fraction of the cost of those at the phone stores .
after pairing it up with my phone , i ended up using while my phone was clipped to my belt .
i bought it because i drive serveral different vehicles during a weeks time and wanted something inexpensive to hold my cell phone .
what i distinctly like about this battery is how thin it is .
i currently own the new trent itorch imp52d .
all the products worked and it saved me at least $ 50 compared to purchasing at vw !
there are so many out there this one fits nicely and has lasted 4 months till i had to change it
i tried putting it in a couple of windows and it did n 't improve the signal at all ; apparently not high enough .
i 've used this earpiece as has my wife .
overall , this film is the best one i 've come across and i highly recommend it .
i wanted something inexpensive that would protect my investment , and not add a lot of bulk to an already large cell phone .
not sure how long this will last .
it kept my old phone 's screen looking good and clean
for me the sound quality is by far the most important factor when i compare headsets .
this one really surprised me with it 's extra fine showing of detail , and now they are getting to be a piece of art .
worked fine for about 3 months and then it just stopped charging , swapped it between a couple of cars and all had the same effect .
this item is available from several different sellers .
so , it 's a matter of preference when it comes to the things i disliked about it !
my daughter loves having her phone back up and running again .
so , even though it is only usb2 ( not the faster 3 ) i give it 3 . 5 stars .
not like charge your phone from dead to full in 10 minutes fast , but faster than all the others i 've tried . the only downside ( if you can even call it a downside ) is the blue light is a bit bright at night .
and c 'mon , it 's less than a buck .
as long as you do n 't try to use it at all while it 's charging .
i do n 't know if it 's the design , the build quality or the micro usb connector . ( the mini usb connector was fine tested for years so i do n 't know why they changed it ) do n 't buy this battery case .
listeners on the other end say i sound like i 'm in a tunnel .
i really did not want anything bulky .
what was most important to me was battery life .
i 'd return this except it would cost more to ship than it is worth .
i love that it is a usb charger as it can be used for any such device that supports such .
my girl still has the exact same phone i did and uses her nails because it 's more accurate , she has no problems texting like i did .
once i conditioned this battery , it lasted all day with regular use of my phone . this is the second one that i purchased .
i was surprised i could get an oem replacement since her phone predates smart phones .
they are comfortable and volume control is better . . . . . just a little glitchy .
same thing , she asked for the same motorola charger that i had purchased for my car .
this is the best i 've seen . . .
t mobile had great service as well , and as soon as i left t mobile for sprint , i regretted it and made plans to get back . the biggest drawback of this phone was the small screen .
but as for as i can tell , it works okay . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
my kids talk to him from the back of the minivan and he can hear them , too .
i 'm very disappointed mainly because i really do n 't want to spend $ 19 for a replacement charger .
the one i got with my phone lasted longer than this rip off one did !
the case has never caused any scratch of any kind on my iphone 3gs or the new iphone 4 .
bought the jabra 125 and love it
so forget your ipod or your newer blackberry or newer wireless device , period .
i bought this with the hope i can finally charge it on the go in my car . . . . . but to my dismay the plug is to fat to fit through the case opening .
even more amazing , i can be riding at 15 mph and i can hear the caller perfectly , and she he does not notice any windy noises .
i would have used the card on future trips but its in the trash now .
do not purchase this product if you have an lg gu295 slider phone .
the strap is very uncomfortable though when u go underwater ( for a long time , like snorkeling ) . . .
i 've tried jabra plantronics previously both went back immediately .
if you do not leave it on the phone , then every time you charge you must attach it .
it 's not much more difficult with the case on , and you do get used to it .
i 'm having to shout at someone 5 feet away , and then speak normally when on the phone .
this looked like a great deal .
as long as the lens is protected i 'd rather let my camera get scratched up then deal with this thing hanging off of it .
after charging and activating and waiting the required day , i called to get my phone number .
and the price is hard to pass up !
i wo n 't get feedback on those . they paired up right away and worked ( mostly ) off the line .
i work from my home office and some days am on the phone all day .
when the problem first starts , i have to wiggle the cord to make a connection .
works perfect and the price is one of the lowest in the market , and the quality is just like the original .
lg makes a great cell phone and within their different models , i think this one is the best i 've seen so far .
for the price i paid on amazon its a good item and amazon has deffinately gotten better as of recently abou there shipping . .
i tried the flip case and it was nice but always seemed to be in the way when i wanted to take a pic .
i had considered giving this case a 3 star review , but i thought that was a little harsh .
if size does n 't bother you , this is a great unit .
not only that the thing fell apart as i was taking it out of the box .
if you can get over that , it 's a good product .
this battery has been very strong so far .
in my review of it , i noted the one drawback was that it was a bit bulky .
you just never know when you will need to sneak in a charge . )
i also attempted the firmware download and it made not one difference it almost seemed as if it made it slightly worse .
to get it any cheaper , you have to steal it !
on paper this battery should give about 20 more time than the battery that came with my phone .
however if you have any type of screen protector on your phone you might as well take it off , because putting this case on will peel it right off , the case is that tight otherwise great design .
i 've used a lot of very poor car chargers which were poorly made and broke quickly .
i just got an evo 4g from sprint .
these were a really good price .
the tips they provide are for specific types of phones , although you can purchase some others , but since you still have to have them hooked up to charge , i 'm at a loss as to what advantage this pad provides .
bought this to replace the battery in my phone .
i was excited to receive this item ( via vine program ) . i have always wanted to own something like to this to eliminate the excess cords , clutter etc .
if a half charge is enough to get you through the rest of your day , then this product may be a good value for you .
that part is specifically why i wanted this holder and now i will have to order it separately even though is is supposed to be included . the holder itself seems fine .
this product arrived at my home on time .
spend a little extra and get a good cable .
what is really nice about the new trent is that it is so lightweight !
i 'm not keen on the short cable size ( seems you have to dish out a lot of money for proper longer cables ) , but if you do n 't care about size , these cables are great .
simply this device is excellent with all aspects .
upon seeing my co worker with this case i was instantly intrigued .
i would 've kept it but was bothering me when driving and i need to turn my head left and right . also i noticed that it did n 't work pretty good while paired with two mobile phones simultaneously . it is pretty small and it feels extremely comfortable , i wish it would 've worked properly .
plus i can retract the cable away if i want a more elegant look with passengers in the car . i tried the music stream feature when i first got the unit and never tried it again . ) the sound is n 't great so do n 't buy it for the music feature .
from the first time we plugged it in , it only worked if we jiggled it just right .
if this unit lived up to it hype i would give it 5 stars , but with its poor battery life i only give it 2 . if you can live with the battery issues its a great unit .
it looks ok , i can answer , hang up and redial the last number without having to use the phone .
my g1 had started to suffer from terrible battery performance .
this is very lightweight and portable and i cannot recommend this enough ! the only thing i want to mention is that when i purchased this a while back , the getting started guide was outdated and gave me an older sequence of steps for pairing the device , so it was frustrating in the beginning until i realized that the instructions were wrong .
there is nothing else to say .
i plugged it into my phone and it would not come out .
should have a bit more info .
it does the job if your just looking to protect your phone in your purse or backpack .
i used them for a laptop not as a jeweler so . . .
did not sent it back because it would cost more to ship it back than i paid for it .
after chatting with motorola i have to send them in , they are defective , i did n 't accidentally hit a mono button , they are defective and have to go back after only one day !
it made cheap chargers like this one possible .
after a couple hours of use , you should not even notice that the thing is on there ( assuming it has been installed correctly ) . with the 5 pack , you have a couple to practice your installation techniques with .
i have n 't had any problems with the case interfering with the screen protector .
we 've been using 2 of these batteries for ten days now with no problems at all .
this flaw might be from my motokrzr phone and not from the t305 , but i do n 't have any way to know which end causes it . another reviewer stated that the on off button is too small .
it is a shame this is not a standard product for every phone on the market today .
i like this case a lot plus is very convenience specially is you do n 't wanna carry any purse you just put the credit card and the phone and go , that 's all you need ) and for the price it ca n 't get not better than that thank you u guys have a bless day !
my son uses them with his nintendo dsi xl .
did it at fry 's since i wanted to match up physically instead of hoping to get the right connections )
it is fine if your sitting in quiet room .
the device seems best if you intend to wear it for short periods calls , otherwise the earpiece can become uncomfortable . i recommend buying this product if you want to ensure yourself that radio signals are not inflicting damage to your brain .
i ended up using my current galaxy s2 to take pics and this phone for talking .
it was as if the screw i was trying to turn was completely rounded , but it was n 't .
it lasted through the 3g , 3gs , and 4 . i currently own a iphone 4s and had to buy a new battery because this one doesnt hold a charge anymore .
you could buy about seven of these before even reaching the lowest price that you 'd find on a case in a retail store .
have a droid razr which is always hungry .
there are times you think you have the headset turned off , but in reality you just redialed the last person called .
this case is amazing , it is the best thing that can ever happen to an iphone user .
you have to hold it with both of your hands to listen to it which nobody want to do it .
which is not due to the case being bad or anything .
i had to adjust the display for a brighter screen but it does not improve much and also shortens battery life .
no , i do n 't own anything from apple .
we 'll see how well it will last .
vendor sent me a replacement that wound up doing the same thing .
having a remote and mic is now a requirement for all headphones i buy and these meet the that bar .
that being said , i think this one is great .
the suction cup works so well that the only thing i can figure is that the person that had problems with it did not understand how it worked .
the price was so good i picked up 2 . wears a little quick last one lasted 14 months .
i admit to stressing it , but it snapped somewhat easier than i think it should have .
a great buy and the quality is good .
it takes some getting used to and the instruction were not specific , but it has worked well .
once it did n 't want to charge my phone ( samsung focus ) , i 'm not sure if it was because the battery was so low that it was almost impossible for this charger to sustain my phone 's needs at that moment .
update you will drop your phone using this case and i never dropped my phone before .
the person on the other end often had a hard time hearing me when i was talking in a quiet environment ( forget it when in the car ! ) . i 'd recommend something else .
i have been using these with my cell phone and the sound quality is superb .
this cases from box wave are amazing , they fit my galaxy s4 perfect , they are one of the best cases i have ever put on my phone and i am a case fanatic i have more than 10 cases from different company 's , but this one 's are going to be in my top list . very good quality also good job guys .
i have owned 2 plantronics headsets the 665 and its predecessor , the 655 . both have suffered the same fate .
i bought this in a never ending battle to find a way to mount my iphone on the dash of my car , mostly for using gps .
it is half the price , it is much stronger , and more compact .
in some cases , i have to turn off the h710 and use the cellphone itself , at which point people invariably say that it sounds much clearer .
i just got it in the mail and i saw the reviews and figured 34 ; i 'll just reinforce the stitches with a needle and thread when it arrives . 34 ; but an examination of it revealed that it 's pretty durable .
its hard to tell if a phone is fully charged , and i tend to pick up the phone to check , which can sometimes interupt the charge if the cable gets pulled either lifting it or setting it back down .
i like this charger because is very fast and its use is easier than other that i proved ago ! ! thanks
i purchased a couple of game boy advances for next to nothing but they had no chords .
my not work with all usb chargers or last forever but they are are still great
if it could clip to belt which it does n 't reach it would be upright but if you had to read it then it 's upside down to your view .
but it is so easy to mess up installation the first time .
it 's almost so small that you can lose track of it in a pocket .
it was a good price , it did take a little bit log to arrive , but i had no hurry to receive it .
i tried this out because my old bluetrek that i loved died .
not even worth the time to comment
other than that i highly recommend it for anyone who does n 't like using a case and likes a convenient place to put their phone to charge .
i can put my blackberry on it and it charges in no time .
after a couple of months of use , battery wont charge what a waste of money . . i think its waste of money to buy a charger that only last 3months .
although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you ( well , not too bad really ) . it was an easy setup .
it does exactly as promised , reliably charging all manner of devices from iphones to ipads ( simultaneously ) and of course non apple products as well .
this was a great product and worked very well .
the way i see it , this would 've been a great product in the late 80s early 90s when the phones were bulky , but now we are in the age where smaller technology is better .
these were great for the price .
for the money you can not beat it .
i got this for my cousin and she loves it . she told me that it was easy to connect ( and she 's no genius ) ; ) she likes the sound quality , and the fact that it fits around her ear . would definately recommend .
the first half of the trip i was n 't happy at all with it because i thought it was n 't powerful enough to charge my phone .
perfect for a family with a slew of phones , or if you wear your protector out quickly .
not only is one side longer than the other but if you keep the phone in your pocket the cords are n 't long enough .
one sad thing about cell phones is that they improve so quickly , there 's always a race to have the best . right now , this phone is one of the best , without the 300 pricetag .
this is also in a quiet room . small and lite .
this thing is great because i am no longer attached to a power outlet , no matter what portable device i carry with me .
i updated the new software but still the same .
i bought this to use to charge my cell phone , plugged it in and left it overnight .
this is a work horse and i am still using this product and it is showing no signs of any wear n tear
it 's very cheap compared to ones you would find in a retail store .
the original battery lasted at least 2 years .
this has served its purpose well as her phone has been dropped several times without breaking or any damage at all ! !
do not recommned it for larger phones at all .
wither you have a device that requires that or not , this should charge it .
ca n 't rely on the cordless during a power outage so this give you what you need .
finally , i figured out what was going on .
i 'm loving this thing , especially since the metal on these phones tends to wear from what i 've seen by other env2 owners with out cases .
i can not live with static so this one is going back . sorry blueant .
my son was so excited to get this item as our dog chewed up the other one .
i still like my older model better , but this one works .
needless to say my note 2 went flying and cracked the screen to pieces .
you just never know when you need an extra cable .
good thing because the belt clip is really bad .
do not waste your time with this product .
ive gone through so many car chargers this is the best one and its sooooo fast .
i was expecting a decent stand for my iphone and hoped it worked with my ipad too .
i did the recharge of my iphone with no load on the device and it sitting on my desk so my next test will be to run it while videos are playing to see how good it keeps the current charge .
i ordered them two days ago and already revieved my screen protectors . thank you .
i love this charger ( just need your own lightning cord ) , i 'm on my iphone all day after work i go to the gym listen to music phone needs charging , this charger works great a long time , i highly recommend this to anyone who needs a charger , i use this at least 2 to 3 times a week
i thought it was broken and i was about to buy this same product from amaonz again .
i would recommend this case to a friend .
i bought this for my wife and it 's been working very well .
these things are great and work for a lot of areas , not just the car .
however , considering i had to go through 2 of them in the past 3 months , i would say the build quality is garbage . . .
pretty much can manage phone calls and keep on working uninterrupted .
when the first set stopped working , i thought i just did something .
i recommend if having any high end stuff to spend another five bucks and buy a lifetime wire instead of this one .
i bought this cover with my phone at the att store .
this is the second time buying this product , not because it is just that good but because others are just that bad ( even when they cost only 3 dollars with shipping .
what else is there to say , this phone is the best phone money can buy .
sadly , the other parties can no longer hear me with it .
the volume suddenly dropped so low that i could n 't hear .
this thing worked well when it actually functioned , but today it stopped working and i am past the 30 day return window by 10 days give or take . i 'm guessing the quality might not be great as that is why it stopped working , who knows . .
it will also disconnect from the phone and must be turned off and restarted to reconnect .
this skin here is not bad it is very thin and have some nice look but the only down part is that it takes dust very quickly nothing else .
this is okay , but there are others available that have usb ports as well .
do n 't buy this it 's a waste of good money .
only one complaint , its a bit crackly compared to my old motorola headset , but its hardly noticible unless you have the phone more that 5 ft away .
it works good enough that i am going to order another one ! larry
bought this as a spare for purse , home and work .
jabra will replace but wonder like cars and everything made in china if quality has gone down .
my previous charger , which i purchased from best buy for $ 20 , just stopped working all of the sudden .
my husband dropped his v3 razor while riding his motorcycle .
these help protect your screen and prevent shattering in the event of dropping the phone .
the jabra ( on the other hand ) does exactly what i wanted .
for the price , you ca n 't beat a buy like this . ( why did i spend $ 35 for my own charger again ? )
simply push my finger there to lift the phone , and then pull it out .
nothing exciting and performance is as it should be for a new battery .
i 'm not sure whether or not this is even legal since i 'm not a lawyer , but do believe it reflects very poorly on the company that they do n 't even stand behind their own products . i would never recommend buying this headset or any other made by aliph .
it is still charging even with this little problem .
this is a great item , thumb drives now a days do n 't come with these straps anymore , i needed plenty .
though i have only used the case for about two weeks now , i am very pleased with it and would recommend it without hesitation . update , august 16 , 2009 as noted above , my concern with this case was that the belt clip might become loose with wear , and that has been the case .
it still worked a long time when he was functioning 100 pros . long battery hourscons doesnt last forever . highly recommended
one of the best features about bout this phone is its excellent way in which it handles your emails .
regardless , the battery works and at the price i am completely satisfied with it .
now my phone is protected from everything . i left my screen protector on and that was a mistake the touch screen was n 't nearly as respondent .
just make sure not to constantly slide it on and off because the bottom will eventually be too easy to slide off and come off in your pocket or purse or something .
want to basically eliminate your issues with holding this device in a secure way while maintaining the total coolness of it ? this may be just what you were looking for .
if you are looking for just protecting your screen , then this will work .
but really not worth a dime
no problems just shorter than i would have liked . but it works and that is all that matters to me
my taxi is a chevrolet uplander minivan .
if you are like me and have a cable each at work , home and car then it is not a lot of carrying the cable all wrapped folded which generally may cause the cable to tear in the long run .
the bars on my phone went from the normal 1 ( or two if i 'm lucky ) to the maximum !
this is the best phone i 've owned so far .
they must be pressing too hard , because both of mine are still going strong .
it seems from the reviews , there are over 1900 5 stars reviews and over 1800 1 star reviews , i guess i buy two of them and hope one of them works .
gave it two stars for looks but functionality . . . . . . . .
we just covered up the light , but if it was n 't for the weird volume issues this would n 't be a problem to begin with .
when it has came down to our busy lives , we are honestly looking for new innovative ways to charge up our electronics , from our cell phones and mp3 players .
i 've had this case for about 6 months now .
wo n 't b buying any more of these
i have dropped my phones many times , and the otterbox always protected it perfectly .
i have been with this razr for a few days , but it has been working great .
does n 't overheat or anything so i would recommend it for anyone who has lost their charger or just needs an extra !
this is the official one by motorola !
a friend of mine did n 't see the cable and sat on it .
ordered this , took it to work , and now i do n 't have to worry about my blackberry being without a charger .
this model is probably a european model .
each appeared brand new and each have worked perfectly for charging both my htc evo and samsung epic phones . i would definitely purchase them again from this seller .
i did n 't expect it to and i do n 't think it 's design to improve 3g wifi so if that 's what you 're hoping for , forget it .
that is , other chargers just slide in and fit but this fits a little loose .
the clip holds securely to my parts and the velcro is extremely strong . . . and loud , as some have reported , lol .
the tab does not come off completely so you are left with some sort of ugly goo that will not scratch or smear off .
have n 't utilized all the features , but so far really like it .
i 'm buying a replacement after 2 days of use of this cover .
any variation from those parameters resulted in the headset cutting in and out . anyway , enough of my previous bad experience . . . . i was in the market again for another set of headphones so i started my research and found these .
perfect for a second charger or in case you lose the one you got with the phone . . .
all of a sudden , stops charging .
the rubberized coating is perfect . if you have a pre and intend to use it like a laptop like i do , get this battery .
i use it with an android phone , so it 's not by any means exclusive to blackberry devices .
the screen protectors are durable and one can last for several months .
i suppose in an emergency it will give me some power for my phone , so i 'll give it 2 stars for that , but i really ca n 't recommend it . edit i have discovered that the supplied usb cable was partially at fault for the low output .
it 's likely i was sold the knockoff version you see mentioned in some pics , but it did charge very fast .
that 's why even if you know how to put these on , you 're gonna go through a few to make the adjustment for wrong sizing .
unfortunately , i had to return this item .
most of my old other chargers take a little over two hours .
this was ok for me , as all my chargers worked fine .
great case had it for over a year .
there is n 't much to say here .
they seemed to have fixed that with this latest version of the phone .
one for usb mini , and one for usb micro . ) i would definitely recommend buying it , and i 'm considering getting another one .
tried several different phones , landline , other cell out of area codes and even international , same result .
not only this is thing a complete piece of garbage , but it 's also dangerous .
so i thought it was the car port , but we tried it in several computers with everyone elses ipod and it did n 't work at all .
i think this is product is a very good value .
it came back in only 6 days and has worked perfectly since .
this case is nice and slim and is cheap .
i do n 't want a keyboard , i do n 't text , i do n 't want to surf the 'net on my phone . . . i do all of that with the 6 computers i have at home work .
i 'm still trying to figure out what type of plug i need for this .
it 's ok for what i needed it for .
i can use them in the car , home and with my pc to charge my phone anywhere .
i just keep my phone hooked up to it and keep it charged .
the first one came with my otterbox ( which i love ) . it was fine , but eventually needed replacing .
will consider other nokias based on their repair service .
so if you are good with keeping up and cleaning it alot .
as well , it is very easy to apply compared to other brands and has never had any air bubbles under the cover that need worked out , in my experience . this is definitely a well recommended buy item .
that is only 3 feet away ! now the real downside . . . . i do not have a good recommendation for you but , i just ordered 5 different brands types that i have not tried before . someone has to make a good bluetooth headset .
i plan to go to verizon to fix this today as i 've read on their forums there is fix . 2 . battery life is bad if you use it extensively .
they do n 't stick well enough to last long enough , have to replace them every 2 weeks .
the instructions were pretty simple and the function is clear .
i actually keep this in my laptop bag , and it travels with me to my office , or to one of our other field offices .
it 's not noticeable once a conversation starts .
buy this , you wo n 't be disappointed .
i went from a palm treo 700 to this , and just ca n 't say enough about it .
the problem i have had with both is the ear piece .
you 'll also see what i 've come to know new trent is quality at a great price .
the quality is not as nice .
overtime it still feels like new .
just perfect but maybe hard to find .
i also have used this amplifier in town , and it shines when i get to areas where i 've had weak signals in the past .
but , if you can get passed that , it does work pretty well .
i have low expectations of bluetooth in general , and these were worse than what i could tolerate .
the only solution i 've been able to find so far is to hold them away from my ears when turning them on and off .
these devices are convenient but in just a few months of very infrequent use mine started to work only part of the time .
although it was relatively expensive , the time saved was well worth it .
so it 's completely useless to me . i got this on one of those amazon gold special deals , so i was only out a couple bucks .
it feels like you 're within a hurricane . . . ) , and i do n 't mean only outdoors , you maybe inside your car with the a c on and if it 's blowing right at your face , you 'll get this kind of problem
after reading other reviews i opted to give this unit a try .
people were saying that they could n 't hear me or that there was too much static .
it can be used on any number of devices .
they are not bulky which i like .
suffice it to say that the screen cover was a total loss by the time i finally figured out how to handle the thing and i was not happy !
did n 't work for my galaxy s3 sph l710 so in case you have this same phone or just a galaxy s3 ( verison , at t , t mobile ) does n 't matter .
when using this it was a little difficult to use and would not even work , so even though it was not expensive , save your money for something else .
she can call out , but no one can call her .
this method is supposed to save time , but i have not yet gotten the hang of it .
it does come with a belt clip which is optional to put on .
it does not interfere with any use so far , but i can see that it might .
conveniently placed and easy to grab if we 're going anywhere , knowing all the while that we do n 't have to worry about forgetting anything or cannibalizing our cables from around the house .
now i can use my phone when and where i want without worrying about the battery dying . the only issue i have is the battery pack might not store as much juice as advertised .
i previously owed one but broke the volume button .
i would give it a 5 star but it 's a little bulky for the gym .
my fault for not paying attention .
awesome ! ! ! thank heavens for these things or my phone would be trashed ! ! ! clear pink black green red yellow black orange
while the price remained the same , the item i got was not .
i usually remove it on hot sunny days , and have n 't had any problems getting it to re attach .
i bought this because others bought it with the case i purchased .
this are great to protect the cover from being scratched up i use these on all my phones and they work great and a great price on them .
this was a very inexpensive battery to fit the phone that died on me .
i bought two of these and keep them in the glove boxes of both cars .
ive dropped it down the concrete stairs at work several times , my phone is still 0 damaged .
the h680 has a tremendous range ( i 've used it more than 60 feet away from my iphone ) and good volume ( i 've never turned it up all the way yet ) and good microphone .
all other cases that i 've owned in the past for various phones and smartphones have been made of silicone .
you ca n 't get more basic than this .
i plugged it in at night , and my phone showed it was charging , and then went to bed .
this unit has been very good .
i 'm going with tried and true motorola on this one .
it only takes a moment and even though both are over one ear , it is still very comfortable .
completely satisfied and more , i received the order in about 4 days with free shipping .
i have a blueant z9 ( great product ) but rarely use it any more !
although it does hold up my phone ( htc inspire ) , you have to ( at least * i * had to ) fidget with it for a bit and get it to actually hold the phone . overall , i suppose it does do what it says .
order this item it did n 't take long to come , only thing is wrong is that they are not that long i would say about 3ft but it will do for charging cell phone in the car . so its worth the price when it comes to the lenght . .
giving 4 stars cause the keys are placed little odd .
i plugged it into my voip phone and away i went !
i had it for a few months now , the case started to rip apart .
the usb cable will not fit in secure enough to stay .
i 've been told that the bluetooth sounds as good on the other end as my voyager 520 , but from my end , it 's not quite as good .
it would n 't recharge , would n 't turn on . . . it did nothing .
i can not find my receipt , so i e mailed jabra they are acting like this is n 't an issue !
now combine the boom microphone with a really good noise cancellation , and you 've got the perfect functioning system . i 've used it most often on my bicycle ( when i 'm not wearing a helmet ) . i can ride in windy conditions and the person on the other end knows i 'm on a bike only because i 'm breathing hard .
great product back in the times .
i 've owned this headset for over a year , no problems , na , na it 's what i expected and more
sometimes it worked and sometimes it did n 't .
i was hoping that the usb would be compatible with my phone because one that i have is not and the other one it came with had circuit shortage .
here 's something that nobody told me before i bought it you cannot use the infrared port on this phone to transfer data to and from it using a pc .
wish it was thinner in size , but hey , you ca n 't have it all there needs to be size for the battery itself !
it did not do as well on my tablet as it was only able to take the battery level from 2 to 45 ( about 4 hours ) before the power pack was drained .
i sent them an email asking for another smart pad and within minutes i got a response .
it was a good product for the price .
it would have been nice to know this from the web site prior to purchasing .
new trent acknowledged that a small number of their devices do have this problem . so while it worked , it worked awesome !
it might be ok if you just used your drivers license phone and cash but people do n 't really carry cash and to have to have a credit or bank card reissued is problematic .
i ca n 't believe some of the reviews written for this case .
i have ordered about 4 of these chargers so far , because they are great !
i am really impressed at how easy it is to use .
the price worked for me hence it 's perfect .
i 've only had 3 phones in 15 years so i viewed this as an insurance policy with a duration of 5 years . seriously considering getting an otterbox for my new ipad .
its camera is pretty descent as far as cell phones go .
therefor , i could see the clock .
she always needs some juice just when she does n 't have a charger handy .
the unit is very solid and i would recommend it .
not worth it in my judgement .
the item we received was not exactly as described .
so before you buy this item make sure your phone has a2dp .
i called her to test it and i could hear her clearly and she reports she can hear well on it too .
i could not do that . problem 2 so after this happend i decided to try it with just my iphone and listen to music , the music sounded fine but when i made phone calls there was an echo and the person on the other end told me i sounded terrible .
i was worried about her driving while talking on the phone so i got it .
they are awesome , keep the phone clean from scratches and dirty fingers .
the fuse soon pooped and it' snot working anymore .
very clear sound but if you are in a car , the other end of the line would hear some engine noise , but very tolerable .
for the very small amount of money i paid for it i consider it as a steal ! ! shipping was fast and packing was great !
i was so saddened when two or three bluetooths back i lost one after about a week .
the cord is long and durable , product was as described .
i guess that 's kind of expected though .
i had given this product a lower review as i returned it for one of the lower priced products .
wo n 't connect with many things and the stuff it does connect with it wo n 't keep the charge going for long .
i wish it was metal because the plastic is kind of weak .
my understanding is that they have combined the features from both the v300 and the v 600 to make this phone .
going with a charger now that i can replace the cable on if i want to .
i have owned several cases for my i phone and i like this one best .
after reading all the reviews , i made sure i ordered it directly from amazon ( not fulfilled by any of the third party sellers which seem to be the problem ) . i had also previously ordered the 1m cable as well .
sometimes they break and other times they do n 't work well .
the bonus was that i could hear him loud and clear as well .
i tried it with few phones and it does n 't work .
i used these for about a month of running , during which i ran about 50 miles .
i have a red cell phone , so i wish this was more red than pink .
it was in expensive and it does a good job .
in addition , some of the items will come in handy for your other electronics .
i can leave it on all the time while taking pictures , charging , etc .
i should have paid more attention to the reviews .
does the job not so easily .
not worth the effort with that phone .
it is too small to fit several devices though , so i may even buy another one .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about 3 months .
i 'll add a picture to show how i use it . the led light is moderately useful .
do n 't buy it ! ! the ear hooks seemed to break after a month of wearing . . .
i also have a sony w880i which i really like .
i use it with an lg chocolate cellphone .
limited coverage in the house is the only issue , but they can make calls from the house now , which was impossible before .
i have had mine for about a month now and still looks and works good as new .
this item is not even worth your time . . .
i recently purchased the nt70t . this is the first portable charger i have purchased , so i was n 't sure what to expect . i find this model almost perfect for my needs . the size and weight are perfect . it takes awhile to fully recharge my galaxy note ( sgh i717 ) , but no more that plugging it into the wall . i believe i am going to find this device very useful . i would rate this a 4
people i call claim that the sound is clear and crisp .
interestingly , the phone does not get hot either , as it did with the first charger i had that came with the phone , as well as the knock off .
and at the price its the best on the market .
the instructions did not specifify whether you should leave them on .
the charging works correctly every time .
depending on yourcollection of devices , you may not even need to carry a separate cablewith you most of the time .
great case fit my samsung galaxy s2 great will order again fast shipping it make my phone look super sexy trust me you need to order 1 .
the callpod is an expensive , yet for many , worthwhile accessory for your portable electronics .
this is a very sturdy charger , and i use it all the time with no problem .
i did n 't like my old one because it did n 't hold a charge , and the sound quality was just iffy . but here 's the problem for me with this new earpiece it hurts !
i may or may not hear it ringing when i make a call . . .
love that my guests can charge their phones at the same time while i am letting my phone stream through the kenwood .
pros cheap ! inexpensive works just greawtcons i did n 't get to waste $ 30 on a piece of plastic to protect my phonea previous discriminating iphone user . . . .
will probably use the spring mechanism for other cables i have around , but this one i would n 't use to connect to my expensive phones .
this battery best performance equaled the performance of my original battery after i had it about a year .
only reason this does n 't get 5 stars is that the light can be a little distracting when driving at night .
i made the mistake of buying two of these , one as a gift for my husband and his keeps falling off his ear , too although he is larger than me .
purchased this usb cable to connect my samsung smartphone to my laptop computer .
the first one was a horror to get on straight and the bubbles took forever to get out .
my shuffle did n 't charge , and could n 't be detected on the computer .
i love it that this was only $ 18 ! ! ! ca n 't beat that price ! !
although it is not impossible to get off it is difficult which is a good thing in my book .
this product works well and i recommend to everyone .
the price is so low that is unbelievable .
before getting this product , from scosche , i tried 3 others from belkin and two other brands that i do n 't remember right now .
i 've gone back to my nokia 73 and will continue shopping for a better windows mobile device . . .
i tried and tired and tired to get it to work with no luck .
it fits great , nice and snug so you do n 't have to worry about it ever coming off on its own , while still able to remove if needed .
i 've docked a couple of stars is that in the image , it looks like the buttons would be easy to press , however , that is not the case .
they may not be the best tools on the market , but they have served me well .
charging was constantly interrupted and i had to move the cable a bit so it would start charging again .
the price is many , many times less than for the battery sold by verizon so i am more than a little suspicious however i have absolutely no complaints .
the main one missing is the one which you use to lock your keypad so that buttons are not accidently pressed .
so far , this phone is it .
would not recommend ! ! ! the only positive thing i can say it was comfortable on my ear .
i 've used them with a variety of cordless and cell phones .
i tried it with two sources my blackberry , and a laptop with a bt transmitter .
these last and are a good product .
and for the price you really ca n 't lose .
after initial application i removed it and threw it away . waste of money .
its not a knock off it is the real motorola .
it is prety good , but it has 2 problems , people have a bit of a hard time hearing you nothing mayor , and sometimes it acts funny but i do n 't know if it has to do more with incompatibility with my phone or it is the headset but these is also minor , 99 of the time it works fine
i find that i have to hold the mic up near my mouth and make sure it is n 't twisted to point away . then the terrible i sent an email to etymotic expressing my disappointment with the mic and asking if there was a chance that i had a bad microphone .
for the price you ca n 't go wrong here .
the cord is very short to be practicle , i assumed the lenght would be standard , not !
so far i 've had the phone on 3 days , made some calls , and the charge indicator still shows 4 bars .
works even when phone is down stairs . . . although seriously how often are you going to really need that ?
since purchasing the blackberry tour i was looking for something rugged .
i go through battery power quickly and rely on spare batteries to get me through my day .
if you do n 't care to scratch the aluminum coating on the phone by inserting this tool into your phone then buy it .
this is a must have for business travelers .
it 's extremely annoying and inconvenient . you get what you pay for , so for a dollar and some change , the cable will have to do .
but easily will reach 20 feet outdoor if needed and your phone can also send that far .
i use it to stream music from my iphone or ipad .
i got them on a wedsday and did n 't charge again til that next friday so i am really impressed . very sturdy , and easy to sync up to my apple and my android .
i got this for my brother and he uses it all the time in the car .
there is no reason for it !
look no further ! charge holds for many hours .
i carry my phone in my pocket .
problem 1 i bought these because in the details it said it would pair with 2 devices at the same time .
the problem is that , even when i 've taken care to make sure it 's securely seated , it wo n 't consistently charge , so there 's no telling with any certainty when you unplug your phone in the morning , that it 'll be charged . callpod charges my old lg phone , my husband 's blackberry and my nintendo ds , all flawlessly .
i would definitely buy from this seller again .
once you trick it right after install or re install or re re install , the update process stalls several times and then times out and you are stuck . forget it .
its so comfortable i can wear it whole day without even feeling anythin is on , voice is crystal clear and its very easy to use .
there are many other similar products on the market for a similar price .
i dropped my phone from my couch once and the case held , although i do not know how it will handle more serious falls . so if you like changing your phone covers frequently like me then it is a good buy for the price .
for the price , i was n 't really sure what to expect .
i use it with an iphone 3g while working out .
but i had also thought it would sync .
that 's why i gave it 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 .
i had a need for several of these cnargers .
they do n 't fall off and are comfortable to use for over 4 hours .
my friends have all run to droids and 4g , but i 'm getting new life from a device i paid good money for .
it 's the most portable new trent device that i own .
i ordered 2 and 1 did n 't work at all .
but it sucks when you get a faulty piece of equipment .
i noticed a lot of negative reviews .
it 's entirely possible that they choose the closest similar thing , and do n 't get it exactly right . i ordered from amazon ( figuring they know what they 're selling and have a vested interest in listing things accurately ) and i received a blackberry branded charger , and the blades were indeed folding .
and it does n 't ! ! it works only inside my home and inside my car .
i use the sprint mogul and as many users of this phone know there are inherent problems with the bluetooth on this phone .
these were very easy to put on and so far they have lasted a couple of months with the first one on my phone .
i tested this unit against 8 other headsets and it had the worst sound quality , by far .
however , they were really not about to stay put on my head when i was running at the gym .
after going through a few more ( i 've been through about 7 , including the expensive monster cable ) , i tried this cable as a last resort .
callers at the other end are always complaining of the poor quality .
all and all , i do n 't agree with the negative reviews some have given it .
i have a samsung phone and i was never really pleased with the way the mic picked up my voice and often people would complain of not being able to hear me but with this made my voice clear and understandable .
i did not look at every picture , so in the end it was my fault .
when i called my wireless provider they wanted me to pay a lot more plus shipping to buy another and then pay shipping to send mine back .
there is no way to delete this and recapture this waste of space .
i loved it and it worked perfectly , but only for about a month .
neither are all usb cablescons only fits the palm pre cord ( ok not only i suppose , but the only micro usb cord that i own ) only a single usb port ( but that really is n 't a huge deal either ) whether you are lucky enough to still have a working palm pre or not , if your phone uses micro usb , then its worth getting this .
also , the same result in my toshiba laptop .
the case remains fully functional and still offers great protection , but you have a broken case that eventually becomes a bothersome eyesore .
before i go back to a can and a piece of string . . . . anyone out there have anything they like ? if it is not going to work very well at least have it be cheap .
great price , and fast delivery , what more can or could anyone ask for .
good thing because the are some cell dead zones at work .
the laser is n 't the most intuitive . overall , a great purchase .
people should buy headsets to fit these things bc they are so essential . . a must have for any headset that will fit them
for the price this ca n 't be beat !
i bought from ccceaccessories for 1 penny .
i have three cell phones in my family , perfect credit , no earthly reason why i would n 't be approved for a cell phone account , just the above message with no explanation .
they need to update this error big time .
so , i bought these for my ipod touch on sale at a big box electronics retailer about 3 years ago . the sound quality on these phones is crystal clear .
while i have no doubt that this is an oem product ( my wife recently purchased a blackberry curve that shipped with the exact same case ) , i have to say that it is of a lower quality than the case that came with the blackberry i purchased more than a year ago .
this is n 't disclosed anywhere in the listing for this item , so make sure that your phone is compatible with t before you go through with the purchase . that being said , if my phone had os 4 . 6 or higher , this would be the one that i would have .
this charger is one of the fastest i have for my phone .
when u r work out it is so nice . i have been use it for 3 years it is so nice that when u work out it is so fit
they are both small enough that i have actually carried them in my pocket at the same time while it was charging .
otherwise , it is about what i expected .
after charging it for the first time since i got it , i have n 't had to recharge it yet .
returns of some part ( s ) are likely , and add more to cost and to your wait for a fully functional product .
folks ca n 't tell that you 're on a headset , and that is what you want .
the cord retracts in a snap when i 'm done with it .
it was just enough power to maintain how much battery was in there when i started the trip .
i was completely underwhelmed by this case cover .
if the cord was long , it would get 5 stars .
i carry my phone in my pocket and the case has shown no wear in the many months that i 've had it .
i 'm surprised this brand is n 't more commonly availabe in stores it works outside in the wind , it has great sound , and is tiny .
i received it today and it does n 't charge .
the quality is the same as the blackberry i got from sprint .
i ca n 't charge this thing at night without covering it up because it 's like a blue lighthouse in my room .
i use them if i am doing something very active and do not want the pouch to bounce off my belt .
just needed an extra cord for the phone and did n 't want to spend a lot .
the battery i got was as pictured and described .
battery life is amazing it can go for hours . i was made that after three years of use i forgot them in my army uniform pocket and washed them with my clothes . dear motorola headphone i miss you .
i bought two of them for my wife and i to use with our evo phones , it works great and a great price .
the only thing was that i wish the cable was like 5 ft longer .
i think that because this item appeals mostly to kids , the construction could be a little more robust .
i am satisfied , although the unit is a bit pricey .
died 8 months after getting it .
it arrived at my apo address here in kuwait in 5 days ! what a deal ! the phone is great , easy to figure out use .
just be warned do not buy !
also , he said that it was too bulky for his liking , but i like it just fine ! the sound quality is great , i can hear others well and i 'm told that i come through very clearly .
we got more in and they also sold out .
it matches exactly the charger i bought at the verizon store 2 years ago for my original droid . yes the charger will last a long time .
the original battery is now a spare to be used on an upcoming trip . i am a technosaurus and primary phone is a 40 year old number land line .
i 've easily had this battery pack for 5 years .
do n 't understand why they ca n 't make a 4' cable so you can at least use it while plugged in .
i just want the manufacturer to admit these are not sweat proof and make a pair that really are water proof it can be done !
when they work they are perfect for me , but after a few months both of them stopped working .
this battery i though it came in excellent condition but it turns that it was defective came out damaged with some round form in the middle and wont turn my phone
still , if you are willing to pay for the better sound this is a very good headset to consider .
it 's what i saw read and i gotta say , it 's perfect !
the charger is flimsy and the cord is small unlike the unit that you get when you but a phone .
i had to exchange my phone because after removing this screen protector my touch sensore started acting up on me .
after several weeks of use now , they are going strong without a hint of a problem . the sound quality is however a little disappointing compared to the motos .
the only negative thing is it does hurt the ear after wearing it for awhile .
all my older model cell phones featured a tone and or a light on the outside of the phone to let you know that you had a message . i have never written a review before on amazon or otherwise , but i feel that people should be aware that the cool , hip advertising of the razr is not what it is cracked up to be .
i needed them to help me replace the back housing on my verizon galaxy nexus , which was all beat up by the prior owner .
the bad was that they hurt my head for a while but after a break in periond they fit just fine .
but , if you want a decent phone that has an awesome battery life , a sharp , colorful screen , bluetooth that works and custom themes , then you ca n 't do better than this ! i like this phone and use it often as a backup phone .
this one is very nice and worth the price !
i live by my idevices i think .
however , if you need or appreciate the bluetooth connection , do n 't mind the complete absence of bass and the lack of battery operation , it 's worth giving it a try .
these cables are doing exactly what i wanted .
i bought this item for my curve 8900 . it definitely makes things more convenient for me ; however , the battery seems to have a shorter life than the original battery .
i will more than likely go back to my regular screen protector as i miss the sharp , bright screen display . update removed this filter half hour after writing this review . . .
and the fact that it 's so small .
i dropped the phone a couple times on cement floor and the iphone was not damaged .
i have had the case on for a month and no problems .
it was so comfortable i often forgot it was in my ear , and it must have fallen out .
they did a great job of keeping my screen safe too !
five for myself and a couple for a friend .
to me it annoying to fiddle around with and get the connector in properly . . . . its very thin and orientation is key .
great product and price is worth it
all chargers may or may niot be created equal , but i got this for a nexus 4 that i bought recently that came with no charger .
regardless of where ( or for how much ) you purchase them , these are consumables requiring periodic replacement .
i used others that said they were noise cancelling and they did a nice job in my car but soon as i used them in my truck no one could understand me .
i like this design but its not ideal for all situations ( ie .
the price is right , that 's for sure .
it was slam , bam , thank you , sirs or madams . battery life is really subjective as everyone 's normal is different .
he had the same case which was almost a year old but had started to wear a bit around the edges after extensive use ( although the case remained intact actually no one would even notice the slight wear ) . he like it so much i decided to buy the exact same case .
you can just put it in your pocket with your phone while charging it and you wo n 't even know it 's there !
she used to keep her cell in the side door pocket and was always missing calls messages , but problem solved . has never fallen off .
they do the job . you would n 't expect much qc for a $ 2 electrical product , but they each work just fine . they do n 't last forever about a year or two of active daily use seems about par , then they suddenly die .
i have worn this thing for as long as ten to fourteen hours a day , and most of the time i forget its even there , and with the earloop its an extra sense of security as not to lose it .
i use it with two samsung epic 4g mine and my gf easy to pair .
one of the things i was reminded about is how much better the phone experience is without a case as it has to go in naked into the sleeve .
how can you go wrong ? 10 tools that are so inexpensive that you just throw them away when your done with them .
but you get the idea . it does the job . . . .
my first 855 had a problem with the connector loosening so it would reliably charge .
no problems at all . . . works like a champ .
not the best case but i dropped my phone a few times and it never broke .
great . . i had to buy for our older car , but nowadays the cars come with usb conector . . . ! ! ! it worked pretty well !
if you have a phone that requires this type of cable , this is a good place to get one .
be sure to buy by motorola ( or whatever your brand is but motorola will work for most ) and these are now half a ten spot on amazon and lots more in the store . my one complaint , and reason for dinging a star , is that the cord is way too short for use in most vehicles .
i got the new trent ifuel about a week ago and have already used it to recharge my iphone 3gs three times , and the battery pack still looks like it has a full charge .
then a couple minutes later , it died .
i sent it back and got a replacement from motorola .
10 years into the cell phone revolution the phones have gotten smaller , lighter with great features but what 's the point when you ca n 't carry on a conversation ?
it is so bright that in nearly blinds me while driving at night .
replacement for the original battery which was defective lasts literally 2 days with my average use ( about 30 minutes of talking ) . this one lasts about 5 days which is a lot better but still worse than my samsung which i charge only one per week without about 30 minutes of talk time .
it will work for a while then once the wire gets bent it will split .
now i press and press and nothing happens .
we returned it for a replacement and this one appears to be working just fine .
it easily accumulated had scratches on the protector that even the cheap ones did n 't get .
apparently , i got the genuine one .
do n 't waste your time or money .
however , it 's kinda huge compared to a regular cellphone , and i found that to be a bit of a drag .
it looks like i can return them and i would replace with another but i do n 't want to keep replacing them because of a design flaw . sound quality was great for music .
if you want security then this product is definitely worth purchasing .
who does n 't like pink ? ! it 's adorable , it works in keeping the cords untangled and that 's one mess in my bag i do n 't miss .
after a few days of use it began to look cheap and dirty .
if you enjoy the sleek silhouette of the iphone , or do n 't carry some sort of bag around with you , this is probably not the case for you ! since it does what it advertises very well , four out of five stars !
bought case for me and wife to qualify for free shipping .
i loved being able to go out to sony 's website and download new themes for the phone as well . i 'm sad to say that i had to sell my w810 . i found that travel was too difficult without staying in touch with email .
i ca n 't even connect it to my computer 's usb ports and leave my phone on my desk it 's so short .
i have 3 other chargers that i do n 't have to wiggle to get to work .
that 's really my only gripe so far .
they have a different jack size , and if you owned a blackberry you know what i am talking about ( for those who do n 't , it is a standard size headphone jack , and not the smaller size ) . it is perfect because you pay only a few dollars here instead of more than 5 times what you would pay at a retail store .
this is all good . just like the one that came with my phone . i needed another wall charger to put in my bedroom and found this one . it 's great . and it really charges my phone in a short amount of time .
i hear lots of static , even before making a call .
items it would be cheaper to replace than repair .
this item is available from many sellers .
well , my husband tried it and decided he needed it since he did a lot of driving for work .
it works but is not worth listening to unless one has to .
there are some minor diferences between the other 8300 models and the 8330 but again my case actually fit fine .
as soon as i turned this on , my nokia found it , recognized it , associated it , and i was speaking into it . the battery life is great and the clarity is also dead on . once you use this product , you too will never go back to speaking into your phone the old fashioned way .
the drivers are small but well made .
brought this just to have a few extras lying around and these are much cheaper then in the stores and they work just as good .
if you need a stylus do better research , save your money buy something better .
the only thing that saved my screen from scratching was the screen protector so if you 're going to use this case , i 'd suggest to ensure you have a screen protector on .
since you do get what you pay for , do n 't expect it to last too long .
you can tell when the battery is dead as the iphone will no longer look like its either charging or plugged in . only way i like using this is when everything is all charged up .
i have a place for my headset when i do n 't need to wear it .
i 've had this case for a few months now .
but the iphone button is not easy to press and i have now moved to other skins where , even though they cover the iphone button , an easy press can activate it , so it 's my second choice for skin and i switch into it sometimes when i feel sportish ) !
it does have many features on it side .
the cord took almost a month to get to me and then when i finally did get it , it did not work ! ! i guess you get what you pay for
seems to be a new battery . replaced my wife 's battery and hers lasts a few days now ( less than a day with the original battery .
i brought this for modifying it so that it can turn on when car started and shut off then car turned off .
and in all honesty , it does the job well . the mute button is nice so you do n 't have people hearing personal convo 's , or if you want to keep your mic quiet until you want to talk . set up is very easy . in terms of features , this headset is full of them .
my gf got them for me the year before and they were perfect for using at the gym , they sound great and last for at least 3hrs before a charge of full use .
i 'd still buy another set , if this one fails , but the current set seems to have , well , eternal life . who knew ?
it also cam in the mail pretty quickly so i am satasfied with that as well .
gave these as stocking stuffers this year for christmas .
makes sense to me . ( did i miss something in the instructions ? ) hopefully , they will update the software , which we can download to the blueant , that will fix these shortcomings and make it a better product .
if these fit your ears you should be happy with them .
you feel like you 're hearing something under water , because the thing is so jammed in your ear ( it 's a little bit violating . . . ) . i would n 't recommend it to anyone shopping for a headset .
the case is hard so it does not crush easily .
this is a simple device that solves a major problem of not havng enough battery life in the devices you carry .
it does charge during this time , but basically ca n 't use my phone .
but the audio had me straining to hear . if you have a very quiet car , this would be great .
i just order this for the cable but it came with the additional items which made it a great deal .
i really wanted to like this charging station , but it turned out to be a huge pain in the butt all the time .
not you do not need puffy cheeks for this problem to happen .
great charger w the coiled cord that works very well in a small car . . . . have had mine for 12 months nd has worked perfectly . . . . . ca n 't beat the reliability for the price !
i would have given this 5 stars if they had figured out how to make a comfortable earpiece .
i can carry it with me and always have the perfect size tool for the little things that go wrong .
i have n 't tried it with any of the fun nfc features yet , but i 'm not anticipating any problems . all in all , if you 're looking for a nice , simple bumper case i suggest you look no further ( assuming the price is still good ) .
i work with people over the phone and need my hands free .
nice and tidy way to keep the cord under control .
i bought this as a replacement for a plantronics voyager 520 . ( lost it , so needed a quick replacement . ) i found the 520 to be very comfortable .
i would like the volume a little louder , but it will do .
i want to stop keys and coins from scratching the face when it 's in my pocket , and this case does a great job . here we have one reviewer complaining that it was starting to come apart after a year .
still use this line , no regrets .
i would recommend this screen protector to anyone because the value surpasses the price .
here are my impressions so far pros decent sound .
it is transparent and the color is a little darker than is shown in the picture .
i recently purchased the nt70t and already love it .
it 's not the smooth leather i was expecting but i still really like it .
if they could make the same product wireless it would be exceptional .
they are used by many cell phones and other devices such as gps receivers .
the quality is decent ( not perfect ) and somewhat affordable .
the wire is good and charge very well .
the only good part was the price .
so that i do n 't have to connect my phone to the stereo .
completely unacceptable and far worse than all the others i 've tried .
that is all it is good for .
as the subject says , item received was new and sealed .
if i connect it , and leave the cord fully retracted , it does not charge .
i do n 't have time to install some of those wet your phone and wait 24 hours before using protectors , so these are perfect .
battery life is back to what it was when my phone was new .
either way its very annoying . i really wish someone could make a case that wo n 't stretch .
jabra gave me all sorts of headaches to get a new one .
not worth spending money on this guy ! not worth spending time on this guy either ! not worth spending money on this guy ! not worth spending time on this guy either !
i keep one of these at my office desk and one at home .
these are okay but , you have to be very carefull when applying or they will get finger prints on the under side , but not bad for the money .
that 's how my old one did before it stopped working entirely .
mine did n 't come with the earbuds for some reason , but i was n 't going to use them anyway .
this is my third charger and to be kept at the office just in case .
i emailed the company and they re sent me another one and it would n 't charge either .
in fact , i have n 't touched the volume at all .
it is an okay product but not for my i phone .
now that i am aware of that , i take off carefully ( squeeze the sides hard ) and it comes off fine .
the gain was enough to make me feel good about buying it though , and my plan was up anyway so no remorse there .
i continued to try different jabra models because the ear piece is by far the most comfortable and best sound quality i have ever used , however , all 4 jabras had very poor microphone quality .
they said it was universal mount but it did not fit my samsung galaxy 3 ! i returned it and do n 't believe i ever received my credit .
it seems small even for the g1 , but i do not have one to test .
i 've had it for over a year and all though it has lost some capacity i can still get 2 1 2 charges for my droid razr m .
you 'll see other reviewers are happy with it 's overall function and look .
it works great though if you 're looking for one !
there have been a couple of occasions where the party i 'm speaking with has a very hard time hearing me .
i previously owned a parrot minikit , which worked reasonably well for over 3 years , then suddenly died although it was working , sound could be neither transmitted or heard through it 's speaker .
one you forget you have it on and two it 's kind of a pain in the neck to setup .
they had an ok sound but the bass is not good and you cannot adjust anything on it besides volume .
so just beware that the data cable is not working with all phone .
i bought this on an auction site .
this cord did not workit broke too quickwaste of money do n 't buy it not even worth spending money on it
i think it earns a solid 4 stars .
perfect for car trips , makes everything so much easier and a lot safer .
while i believe that it might have technically been able to charge my phone if it was off or not in use , it did not meet my needs .
this case was bought for my teenager who always needs parts for her phone all the time she said its working good so far though
i 've found it small in size and very convenient to use .
they arrived to my residence promptly .
i have had it for a few weeks and it has delivered on both those attributes .
i have n 't had the need to use the laser pointer but it seems to be plenty powerful to point out any bullet point from a mile away , okay maybe not a mile but darn close .
no results in replacement , return or refund .
i am an alltel user and many of my phones have had this feature .
so i at least make sure it is shipped from and sold from amazon only so if there is a problem it 's easy to return or exchange .
the price was so cheap on amazon that i took a chance and bought two .
maybe one dropped call in a week . . .
it does n 't work at all if u try to use it with your computer to transfer data like photos , etc .
i did n 't realize when buying it that it 's a bit shorter than the oe cable , which in my case was a good thing .
not for people that want to sketch .
i find that it nestles comfortably in my ear so that i do n 't notice it 's there .
update after several motnhs of use , this unit is working great .
they are a little hotter on my ears than i expected but not enough to make me not enjoy them .
it worked for a few months , then it simply would n 't come on anymore .
i 've tried it on four different phones and had it work great with all of them .
i was easily able to transfer music and files back and forth to the phone .
i have it on one of my pairs of headphones in my computer bag .
i love that i can plus this charger in and still use my phone .
this is one great phone , sleek , light , small , thin .
i have heard that you can send in a picture to speck and your receipt and they will replace it for you .
if you do n 't have much clearance where you 're going to plug this in , you might want to consider a different brand . also , the motorola logo glows blue whether it 's connected to a phone or not .
it takes a bit to get used to the ear clip , but once you do there are no problems .
this fit the bill on that .
the sound quality is not perfect but i think it is great for the price .
i have not had to replace this stylus at all !
if you keep your phone in your pocket like i do , and have chargers all over the place like i do , then this battery upgrade may not be for you . the phone is heavier and 1 8 inch thicker with the battery and case . feels like a treo now , or a gps . the battery now lasts 3 days instead of one .
the downside to these is that they do n 't really get loud enough the volume control is kind of limited .
i love that 's it 's slightly clear so i can still see the white phone .
so i researched similar phones and purchased this nokia e71 from amazon .
i waited almost 2 months for this product and when i finally got it , it did n 't even work .
i lasts about a week before needing a recharge .
i understand if this was easy to put on that it would also be easy to come off , i get that .
the bracket is so tight it messes up the corners of the invisible shield , this is an entirely personal annoyance that would n 't affect most people , and if it was n 't for this i 'd get 4 stars .
on the fourth try the green light disappeared and it would n 't turn on . i bought this because i loved the jabra 250 and i still use it , as a matter of fact . i was just really disappointed that something like this ( for the price i paid for it ) would just stop working for no good reason . i should 've bought the plantronics . do n 't waste your money on this .
if you need to stop wedging a phone between your head and shoulder to work on the computer while on the phone , this is a fine product .
this case is so nice and i highly recommend it , so far .
this product works well for the price , you just have to be gentle with it or it will not last too long .
i worked for hours tonight and there was n 't even a dip in the signal strength .
the design is really bad for me as i want to be able to charge it folded .
very handy device and it is a must for all that care about saving energy and giving our world a future .
i was hoping for a bit longer cable to use in my car , but i can not complain as they are oem and of high quality .
much cheaper than t mobile and with kids who loose phones i keep one extra all the time .
i was trying to get a better signal ) . the phone was fine and i kept using it .
gave it has a birthday present they really enjoyed it , fits most of the their phone , easy to carry thanks
i also happen to have a motorola cell phone so i can use the same cord to charge my phone during the day .
now , if you 're careful , there 's no reason to drop your phone , right ?
this guy works great and i am not at all disappointed in performance .
now i just see them laying around the bed or the desk .
i love that i can put the usb charger in my purse , go anywhere , and not worry about losing power because i can charge it through my netbook or my computer at work .
i also like being able to pick the phone up and go , nothing to unplug .
great price , i have been wearing the plantronics for 2 days and i like it , it is not heavy , some people say it is cheap but as a lady i like that it is not heavy and it is flexible .
because i used this as a back up when my old battery would n 't hold a charger for a long period of time and it worked like a charm .
however , i will say this this is the most stable device i 've used so far .
getting that off and getting back to just the battery is kind of tedious , but i will get used to it . the size of the unit , awesome .
not shatterproof , but it did already fall without cracking .
having said that , i 'm still not convinced that this product does n 't do the job it claims to do .
you might as well go sit in a room with nothing in it for good reception . needless to say , it 's for sale on ebay !
they do n 't work for your ipod they brake fast and you struggle to put it in would n 't recommend this product to you guys
i bought this 4 work and it works really good i bought 2 of these so if 1 go bad i have a nother for backup it works really great
but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one . so far so good .
there is also an option to not wear it over your ear , and in fact i may try that but i 'm not sure that option is any better than just using the included handsfree wire that came with my phone .
i purchased it because it seemed to get the most positive reviews out of all that i looked at .
i think with some adjustment it may be possible to make it feel even more comfortable , a lot of comfort depends on your own sensitivity , ear and head shape .
when i do need it , it 's great .
i have bought cheap holders from amazon and ebay ( you can get similar cases for around three bucks ) but they all have issues they fall apart quickly , are too tight or the wrong fit , the clip bends or does n 't hold right . . .
it is well worth the money .
i put a brand new set of duracells in it and they were dead a month later with almost no use ( just sitting in my briefcase ) i discovered this at the start of a 5 hour flight and fortunately was able to cannibalize a set from my mp3 player .
i use it , it works i like having it know my phone or ipad is safe from roaming in the car o )
i loved this case for the 2 months that it lasted .
i bought these after seeing them for $ 9 . 99 at a local store they work great , i use for my samsung galaxy s 4g phone and a comet phone . .
this item is very cheaply made and fell apart in multiple places within a few months .
i actually use them as my ps3 headphone mic now . ups to motorola for the rma to replace the original pair , but i wish i never read any of the reviews here . i just wanted to add that i 've broken a pair of jaybird 's that are supposed to be 100 sweatproof .
i use it every day for my iphone 4 and it works like a charm .
i sent for charging cords from three different places hoping that one would work for my samsung sii phone .
it lasted me 2 days then it did n 't charge i thought it was my battery but no it was the charger
the trick is to apply it properly , which most do n 't know how to do , resulting in bad or unfavorable reviews .
you have to get at least a full day out of your battery with heavy use for a phone to be functional .
i stopped using this since i could n 't stand the static .
it does the most important things well .
easily allows one to see all information at the push of a button to see how much a device is costing you per hour , day , week , month and year .
this must be taken in the context of the phone it was paired with .
i have used this charger during and after school and it works .
the reception is clear and the battery life is long at least right now .
these are perfect to have as extra if you use your phone a lot or have kids who do good price shipping .
of course not , but if you want to spend less than $ 50 on a pair of headphones that gives you reasonable quality , convenience , and has a battery life which is quite acceptable , give these headphones a try .
so far battery life is great as well .
i have been using the newtrent imp52d for about three weeks now and it is great .
nothing is better that this one period .
the leather is n 't real obviously but it 's an attractive , simple case .
the battery is years old . .
my main complaint is that the volume just is n 't very loud . . . even turned up on max .
i bought it for the novelty of the tread design but it has become my daily case for several reasons .
instead it never feels exactly right , and ends up hurting my ear if i wear it for extended periods . i 'm keeping it , but i am looking for a different way to attach it to my ear .
the camera is terrible , which is pretty much true with all cell phones though , so that 's a non unique gripe .
the phone is the best smart phone out there .
initially , i had my doubts as to whether it would remain in my ear , but i was quickly convinced that the system worked great .
i have been through several blue tooth to get to the right one and i have to say i have so found it .
very poor fundamentals but it looks cool and has a ( very useless , but still cool ) camera . and , judging by motorolas of my friends ( nextel models aside ) , i do n 't think i want to own another motorola product .
it could have more ports and not waste battery with that little light but it still works like a charm !
it is a bit clunky . . that is the bad news .
i changed screen protectors twice i believe in a matter of nearly a year .
i need a stylus on a constant basis and have used many different types .
cord not quite as flimsy as expected from other comments .
if you 're paying 300 for it , you are n 't getting a good deal . clear reception , included ear piece is more comfortable than the generics that come with a phone like the r225 samsung . great display .
i 'm sure it would protect very well once it was all snapped into place .
not much good if it keeps falling off .
i assume something got smashed and it was fault of mine due to the rough environment i carried it through
but i get complaints from people about the microphone picking up extraneous noises when i am on the phone in a supermarket , or working in the kitchen , so when it started to wear out , i tried this one .
i would consider using this seller again .
instead they gave me a lame pouch that pissed me off .
they were are very comfortable around my big head .
tried it on a number of devices .
the battery lasts all day , which is all you need at the office .
this is a great item for the price i paid for it .
it charges so quick every person who got in my car and charged their cellphone was amazed of how quick it charges .
i would highly recommend this device to those traveling , commuters and others who do not have immediate access to standardcharging materials .
just click no and move on .
the other one i had took two hands .
i will try another brand to see if it works .
i just wish they would port over your voice mail .
many times i just want to charge so sync'ing , as well , can be a side distraction .
if this can cancel the sounds of battle , it can silence that noisy restaurant or bar you always call from . . . the only complaint about this item is that the earloop system is pretty useless .
i especially like the charging case , which comes in so handy when i take an overnight trip to a neighboring city .
to be fair , it could have been my phones lack of adequate memory .
thank you for such a great product !
i moved up from a n75 which had terrible battery life ; the n85 is , maybe , five times better . on a side note , i dropped the phone and it would no longer charge .
i placed this order last thursday and received it yesterday , so i was impressed by how fast it showed up .
that sounds like a good excuse . . eh ? works good for me , and is cute and small , fits like a dream , good battery life . .
i am very dissapointed with this product . . . . . the day i received it i thought this thing looks great and with the built in screen protector to it makes it even better , for little over $ 12 . 00 i paid i thought this is a steal .
i will do business again with the seller after i run out !
i would highly recommend this to anyone , in fact for the cost of the neat it should have been included .
i bought this after seeing it on a tv car show .
and since i 've never used any other headsets , i do n 't know how it compares in comfort .
very clear , easy to install , and you have a couple of extra screens for next time .
i got it from circuit city , so it 's not a 'counterfeit' . it pairs well with my moto q9c , and it is very comfortable but thats the end of the good things i can say about it .
the laser pointer goes about 1 4 a mile before not being useful .
i bought them because of the good reviews .
what i 've tested so far streaming audio from a macbook pro roughly 9 hours , 50 minutes of continuous audio .
but i admit that it 's sort of cool to be totally wireless you can put the phone in your pocket or purse and be totally unencumbered by wires , which feels a bit safer and freer , especially while driving or when you have to work with both hands and talk at the same time for example . a note about the battery do not store this unit ( or your phone ) in a hot car !
overall a nice case , and much better than the cheap , soft , plastic one we purchased prior to this one .
and the price is a steal .
i own several that close by wrapping the top several times .
i use my samsung galaxy s iii in the car for navigation ( duh ) . i was hoping keeping it plugged to this charger will , at the very least , maintain the level of charge that i had when i got into the car , even if not charge it up fully as i drive .
there is one major change to the way this product comes that makes it less desirable .
i 'd say 3 hours is about the most you 'll be able to get out of them fully charged .
for the price a great item , will buy more
the only problem is that with it being as shiny as it is , it 's hard to get it completely flat against the screen .
before setting up the booster we were lucky to get any service in the house .
the cable is short , so buy longer one instead if you need .
i have several headsets and on a couple of them , i think i 've turned it off , but no . . . it thinks i want to send my cell phone a voice command .
this is a nice thin case and mostly i like it .
bought this item on october 6 , 2010 , used till now .
i bought the wrong cable which is my fault .
it gets everything you need in one compact size . if you carry a lot of devices and want to be able to charge them on the go , this is what you need .
for the first couple of years i had the phone , i was working in mexico over two miles south of the border , and i could still get a us signal when phones of my colleagues were roaming .
you ca n 't beat the price and lasted years .
the background traffic was inaudible too . when speaking with nothing in the background , a friend confirmed i sounded perfect and not like i was on a cellphone . now , you ca n 't quite speak softly with gale force winds blowing around you , but if it 's really windy and you speak up , you can be heard , although the other party will know you 're outdoors in a noisy environment .
just carry the right usb cable and you are good to go .
the case itself is fantastic , as many reviewers have said .
the sound quality is good not spectacular , but for the price i do n 't mind that much .
they say this accessory is not supported everytime i plug it in .
only issue is that depending on the location of you lighter outlet your phone maybe lower and not at eye level .
the case is slim and provides nice a good solid grip as well .
i have had this headset for a few years and it has been sitting in a box for about a year .
i use my iphone constantly being an avid iphoneography person .
one would not connect to any phone .
i switched from a bt250v and am very happy with the bt5020 . it is very light weight and stays on my ear .
i ordered this based on the rave reviews i saw for it .
got the inexpensive wires to fin that will not work with my ipad 2 . i use it for other devices but did not work for what i purchased for .
i find it worth the higher price .
you can even watch your images on the big screen when you look at them through a slideshow . cons it does n 't come with a power cord , and it 's not a standard usb plug .
extremely easy to use , and does a great job charging my ipads and iphone .
it would fail for a few hours , then magically resume normal operation .
this battery was just as stated oem and worked good in my blackberry .
the holster looks nice , seems to be well made and has a strong clip but it 's so tight that when i put the phone in it presses all the buttons on the way in causing all sorts of unwanted things to happen .
the solution was to use safari to get to youtube and play the videos off the net . based on these facts i 'm sure there are other restrictions you will run into , but right now i have a very clear picture on an older sony tv ( not lcd ) and great audio .
if you have a galaxy nexus and want your phone to fit completely in the case do n 't buy this .
just received my new best friend yesterday ! i 've recently been downloading alot of music to my phone and playing it throught my car stereo using an fm transmitter .
if i take a few calls , the battery life falls off pretty quickly .
its great to not have to worry about if there 's an outlet nearby or if i 'm leaving the house without everything fully charged .
so far ( after having the phone in and out maybe 2 dozen times ) i have not had a problem .
item is compatible with both my ipod nano 2nd generation and 4th generation ipod touch .
people could n 't hear me , i could n 't hear them .
so either spend several more dollars for one witha heavier cord stronger shell or treat it as a delicate flower .
i truly do recommend it especially for those in the law enforcement field .
i found the headset to be comfortable enough , also , but did not use it for hours or anything .
secondly , they are a little big , but for what they do , its understandable .
i purchased this product because i work in a noisy environment , and thought this would do the trick .
no money out of my pocket .
ive dropped my phone a few times since putting on the case and it did n 't break or scratch .
it has been very helpful . i recommend this product .
after waiting over night , the screen protector laid down smooth and tight , no bubbles what so ever . remember , you must , read and following the instructions to the letter .
but i still really like and recommend this , even though i am glad i payed a super discounted rate and not full market value .
the included led laser combination is probably pretty nifty if you already carry those around , although i have n 't found a need for them in my experience .
my 9 year old son has this on his iphone and without it , he would n 't have an iphone .
id like a better cash compartment which is one thing i wanted in my purchase .
this item does the trick but is fairly large .
this is a completely re written review .
this was good for a starter .
this was very frustrating and caused me a lot of grief as i was not able to get on the internet for a week due to amazon 's problem .
i purchased this item from amazon at less than a quarter of the price for which the official bb online store is offering the same item .
i purchased two and will be purchasing more . i 'm setting up some home servers and this will be valuable too for monitoring various pieces of hardware . i 'd like to get an apc smart ups1500 or 1000xl sua one of these days , but cost if prohibitive at moment .
tried on 4 phones the same .
nothing made these work . i left each item connected for between 8 24 hours , each , to find out if any of the ipods charged and they did n 't .
great for charging just pop it in and your good to go .
i believe this was one of motorola 's greatest phones .
but i do a lot of flashing to my android phones and have n 't experienced any corruption or dropped connections with these
it is so dim that you can barely see it at night and ca n 't see it at all in daylight .
worked as advertised but always hard to get all the bubbles out , as with every shield ive ever used . for the money was well worth it , keeps screen from getting scratched as it 's supposed to .
after getting myself a new vx8700 , i picked up a new vx8300 for my girlfriend .
i find myself readjusting it throughout the day2 ) it does n 't synchronize instantaneously with my mpx220 like the hs850 did .
not bad if you need a extra cable .
i am more than impressed with the battery in this thing .
it replaced one by the same maker that was mini usb for my former phone so i think i knew what i was getting !
if we run out juice , especially when on the go , we can just connect this case to our phone , and it is power on the go ! ! ( i 'm just concerned about the functionality ) .
finally , i got the right one .
i love this case but i was disappointed to see it was a rubber case . . . i probably could have read into that but i saw otterbox for $ 6 and was like wow ! ! ! its great for the price and exceeded my expectations and it does good when you drop your phone . . . not that i tested that on purpose .
did n 't fit my iphone cheaply made but they came very fast iwas very suprise at how fast i got them but did n 't fit
i bought 2 chargers for my i phone 4s and after 6 months , one died . so be aware that u get what u pay for !
so there are a lot of wires , but you can tuck it away at the edge of your desk .
it 's very loud if you do n 't already have the phone on silent vibrate only .
these cables are exactly what i needed and cheap enough to buy a box full . )
since i am always on my phone , the battery life is very short .
my only complaint is that it comes with a case , yet the headset does n 't fit in it without bending the microphone stalk and i 'm not comfortable doing that .
the upside of that is that it really is n 't gonna fall out , and you can hear with crystal clarity . oh , yeah , and it looks pretty cool .
it 's still a little heavy ( compared to the razr , which was my other choice ) but the reception is great , it has lots of functions , and the interface is easy to navigate .
i like them , i use them with my samsung omnia at the gym to listen to my music and they sound great .
my old charger did n 't do anything for my evo 4g after 40 minutes of driving , the battery was maybe 1 2 higher .
he could n 't swipe it that quick and ended up with a black eye thanks to me .
do not buy unless you know that it will work with your device .
i 'm now of the conclusion that the bad reviews were because of operator error .
this was really cool at first . . . cordless charging , i mean , what 's not cool about that ?
i love my samsung galaxy s3 , but the battery is not great .
so far , happy with the case .
however , one challenge was to find a cradle that was non intrusive , high quality and fit the phone perfectly . if you do n 't use a case , this is about the most perfect you can get .
if you do n 't pay attention when you try putting them up , you 'll get a dalmatian looking screen !
i will contact the company again , and i am sure that they will replace it again , but i am not confident that the next replacement will be free of the same defect . as cool as the noise cancellation feature is , and as good as the outgoing sound is , i cannot in good conscience recommend this headset until they sort out the quality control problems .
all in all excellent product though .
the battery long last like a max of 3 days without recharge .
my cellphone also went from the normal 2 bars to 3 . setup was easy and only took minutes .
have used a 'comparable class jabra' which unfortunately died on me only after couple months of usage there is no doubt these 2 competitors are the absolute best in the business this voyager 510 is solid , aesthetically excellent and performs flawlessly big bang for the bucks to pick this up at more than half the retail price for a refurb !
i had to get some sharp object to try and pry open the thing .
love it but takes a bit long to charge and battery runs out quickly sometimes .
product received was exactly as hoped .
i lost my charger that came w my android phone so i hopped on amazon and found this sweet deal .
this spare battery allows me to cycle the original battery and this one to keep them effectively charged to assure that they last as long as possible .
i 'm amazed on how fast this would charge my phone .
i have my personal phone and the office phone and love the fact that i do not have to switch between ear buds to answer a call from either .
used for one week ( if that ) and thought it was great , but now it will not charge any of my apple products .
i love it think it is a brilliant idea .
i was so excited because of the great reviews i read .
even though it is moderately inexpensive , that 's substandard performance in my opinion since the item is worthless once it ca n 't hold a charge .
after less than a month , it 's started malfunctioning .
it was cheap , what can i say ?
it does not fall out but if you wiggle it just right it disconnects the charge .
this has happened to my phone and the ringer will only stay on for a couple of hours .
i ordered this because the microsoft one is super over priced , but in the end , it just would have been better to get the microsoft one . ( or better yet use hdmi if that is an option ) the overall build feels cheap , and looks cheap , but that does n 't always mean it is cheap , this time however , it did .
find something else , that 's my suggestion !
if they had included five sets of screen protector , rather than two , i might have gotten one good one .
it did have a slight crack in the screen but that was easily fixed .
the fit was great , very lightweight and comfortable .
ok , so first of all , i 've read some comments , and i was very skeptic about getting this digitizer .
it 's not as tough to put in any more , i guess the plastic has worn a bit , so now it 's fine .
just make sure that you understand that before trying to use the weirdly shaped connector on the lumia 2520 .
i used these headphones with my new sony ericsson w350 . though the sound is aweful , the functionality and dirt cheap price makes up for it .
i bought this because i wanted something that would charge my samsung smartphones quickly and this did the trick .
nothing to remember . i give this top rating , but beware that it is not highly sturdy .
i saw another red color after i bought my black one so i might get that one too .
the iphone is a great device , but one of its obvious imperfection is its very subpar battery life .
since i 'll likely never put it in a pocket , that does n 't bother me at all . there is a dizzying array of ways to attach this to the idevice .
hard to imagine this is a very difficult product to manufacture so i just assume the manufacturer could simply care less . . . update turns out my 2 star review was way too generous .
but it seems like he will keep forgetting his wallet .
this was super easy to apply ( just do it in a clean environment i used my garage to get away from dust and cat hair ) and could easily readjust it while it was wet .
it still protects the phone ( but its not attractive any more ) so and i am going to buy another one .
although it does , it is minimal at best .
if you have a very physical job such as construction you can be sure this case wo n 't come loose and loose your phone .
overall good quality , just a little to hard to get around with the buttons for me .
i use it for cell phone , ipad , etc .
light weight even though it appears to be bigger than some units .
the case is smooth to the touch so smooth that i thin if your not careful picking up the phone with a rapid motion the phone can go flying off your hands .
i actually ordered one of these after i got one with a windshield mount for my wife .
also really really cute and pretty .
i used it for about two years , and loved how quick it was to answer calls by just flipping it open .
just try to do the wall mount .
it has a tendency to drop the connection sometimes for no apparent reason , annoying at times , but not very common . about a month after use , it stopped working for no explicit reason .
everything is so slow and counterintuitive that i get upset everytime i use it .
at this price you ca n 't go wrong . .
easy to use , easy to set up , a truly wonderful product . so , why am i giving it 4 stars instead of 5 ? i 'm rating this 4 stars because when the headset is in my ear , the microphone touches my face !
later that day , i went and got a great deal on a free phone from my local membership warehouse store . later in the day , i was checking my e mail and found one from amazon .
no outside noise , its lightweight and comfortable . most important , is that there is no outside interference . its the best unit i have used to date .
after 3 days of extensive testing throughout college and other activities , i get 2 full charges and about 50 60 of another charge .
nice cheap cable to keep around in different places .
for me it was a bad purchase .
these are good for the price .
with the tips that is came with , it managed to be both painful , and yet fall out easily .
tested 2 cables . no phone shows you micro disconnects on charging , you may not even not it 's flashing on and off . will not even bother returning .
i 've always liked blueant products and you will too .
i have no trouble using the touch screen and everything is clear and bright .
decent sound although not loud enough . cons very uncomfortable fit ( my ears hurt just after an hour of having them on ) , lots of background noise , sound does n 't get loud enough in pulic busy places , extremely annoying when you wear any jacket since you keep feeling it catch . bottom line do n 't buy it !
if you want to protect your phone . . .
it is light , but you can tell by the feel its quality .
i would recommend anyone with an iphone 3g or 3gs to ditch the original clip that came with case from the at t store and get this one .
we just purchased an ipod and i thought i would try these .
the only problem is this bt does not fit in my ear comfortably and therefore is worthless to me . if you are looking for a great bt device , this maybe the one you are looking for , if it fits in your ear .
a better choice would have been made .
i thought this was for the 9900 . i ordered the wrong product .
i had resisted getting a pda phone because of the size , but i 've found i can still get this into my pocket .
i dropped my review to 2 stars because i think a headset should last longer , especially since i was not a heavy user only one or two days a week .
it 's not made by apple but it is just what you are looking for .
after having it for about 60 days the rubber started to stretch all the way around and looked like crap .
i am not sure if this is an issue with my blackberry or the cable but it does not work with my computers .
the headset has been great and i have never had a problem with it since i have owned it ( approx 2 years ) . the range is great and i can get up from my desk and walk to the printer during a call no problem .
i 've been a loyal boxwave customer for years .
it 's fun to plug in your phone and then go out to eat and have your phone plug into its own source on the table your eating at .
as long as its apple its all good .
it fits in my coat pocket , but out here in california , there are n 't that many days out of the year where i have to wear a coat . having said that , if you like to use an iphone with a bluetooth keyboard , this is ideal for holding the iphone .
some of the folks i work with are constantly loosing their bluetooth devices these days they are so small and easy to loose ! this seemed like it would be the answer .
i figured that even if it did not work , under 1 $ was worth the risk .
gave it 5 stars because the product was genuine and works very well as described .
tested it in another vehicle with same results .
i had hoped it might work for my motorola v9m phone as well .
the only problem is that it is hard to put it on although very comfy afterwards .
i have one in my car , so i do n 't have to hall around all my dvd 's i just put on an ipod and off we go .
i use it all day , 5 days a week and sound quality is great and it has held up very well .
tried using the other two ( both still in original packaging ) . both did n 't worked .
it 's so comfortable you forget your wearing it and it easilly pairs with both my phone and computer at the same time .
feels like a solid build so should be durable .
one weird little quirk about that i like them for bike riding .
had to ger a blackberry fone .
i did n 't buy this for a phone i bought this for my husband who is obsessed with playing modern warfare on our ps3 . he had been dying for a chance to finally get to coordinate attacks with the other people on the playstation network .
the design is just flexible and secure .
when i go shopping for appliances or a tv i will look closer at lg , they just seemed to get all the little details well most of , the details right .
very nice and confortable to use . the only problems they have is that they get a bit hot when you talk , but in general they are very good cel phones .
in fact i was able to put both my samsung s2 and my blackberry bold in at the same time .
my only disappointment is that this charger is n 't as small as the one that originally came with my verizon pre plus .
now he has gone as long as 4 1 2 days before even thinking to put his phone on the charger .
i have always found the bluetooth to be very encumbersome in the past .
sometimes difficult to get your device exactly where you want it to face , but it can be done .
i will update if anything changes .
it has a longer cord than the one i got with the phone .
let 's hear it for those aussies !
i guess that 's the reason why they 're selling so cheap .
i liked the idea of a screen protector since i constantly carry my iphone with me and did n 't want it to get scratched .
it 's rare to find a product that meets your expectations ; no more , no less .
it did the job , and was a great price !
i have never had any protective cover or case on it and it is still not very scratched up and it works as perfectly as when i got it .
this thing is so big you might as well try to tape your phone to your ear .
so i purchased this battery and it solved my problem immediately .
i recently ordered this trackball as a replacement on her blackberry pearl .
the listeners do n 't tell me i sound like i 'm speaking from the bottom of a well which is good news . pros it has a pretty good range actually .
when i ordered this item , i was more than a little concerned about the ultra low price .
the only issue is how difficult the power and volume buttons are to press , otherwise i would give it 5 stars .
i 've never had a problem with people not being able to hear me and it 's very comfortable to wear .
there are a million ipod cases out there but this one is all you need .
i have 3 of these , two in my car and one at home .
well , there is not much to say than you get what you paid for , this are really cheap headphones , the jack almost fell apart in my hand once i connected it to my laptop and even worse when i tried to unplug it , but again . . .
but visibility is very poor in most situations .
just 2 things to clearly understand . . . . its kept very light because its made out of plastic , and nothing wrong with that except it does 34 ; feel 34 ; cheap !
if i use my phone very much , the battery charge is down to the point i cannot use the phone .
occasionally it dials the phone on accident but it does n 't happen as much as it did without it !
instead of being separate , it becomes part of it by attaching to it .
it will sync with the use of a data cable ( a separate purchase required ) , but i think it 's a shame to spend the extra bucks for bluetooth only to find it is of limited use . what made me decide to return the phone was that i found the signal to be weaker than any other cell i have ever owned .
when i came into the office this morning it was on it 's side but no biggie .
the battery seems to last a long time , depending on the gadget .
felt really bad returning them , but i was a bit too scared for my ears .
i spend large amounts of time away from home and needed a battery that would not break the bank .
if you check my reviews on amazon . com , i have hundreds .
reception on my end seems good and i can actually hear people better than when i am just using my iphone in its case . these do occasionally get caught on things when i am wearing them arounbd the house because without that clip , they tend to hang down as i am doing things around the house .
i more than got my money 's worth out of it .
this is not a good product .
i would recommend to anyone who wants a pda .
it seems to be a pretty durable product , has thick plastic , and the usb ports seem to be a little sturdier than in most other products .
i 'm not a techie by any stretch of the imagination but i love this phone !
i tried the jawbone 1 and 2 and found that i was n 't getting the best call quality so someone recommended the discovery .
i love this guy i actually bought another one of these ( a larger size ) . i can pretty much let it sit beside me in the water and it will float and not take on any water .
i have used this replacement battery for over a year now and it 's still working great !
i like to have extras on hand
and not i do n 't have to go looking for a pin or something small to open the sim tray . . .
they have great highs without being overbearing and also decent bass .
it is lightweight , allows me to answer either phone , it is simple to use and the call quality from my end is very good and i am told that the call quality on the other end is also good .
i replaced it with another bluetooth , because i could n 't take it anymore .
but the earpiece is incredibly flimsy and ca n 't be replaced .
most likely those users will be the ones who do not have an easy access to a usb port , pc for example , and will try to plug it into a wall outlet , which majority of the time will require a longer cord .
i have one already provided by my company , but got another one for my daughter to charge up her phone and another daughter has one in her car .
i click the control button once and it does n 't turn off , but it disconnects .
the set up was easy , with clear and concise instructions and i appreciate that , i 'm a person who admittedly has no patience for detailed , long winded instructions .
the color matches the photos and it stands out ! ! ! i want to buy the other colors they offer on a later date .
slipping on the lanyard is also a pain but since you wont do this every day it 's ok i guess . all in all a good buy .
for the money this is a great case and probably the best you will get under $ 10 .
i mainly use them while riding a bike , so maybe the sweat is the problem .
i suddenly had 6 pieces in my hand .
the screen covers were great and worked well on the iphone 3gs and keep it save from damage or from any scratches .
but the minute i snapped it on , i realized , that i needed to remove the microsd card from the phone , copy some files on it and put it back .
i pulled aside , plugged it in and quickly acquired a full signal ! i 'm not such a fan of visible wires , but it 's not too bad .
i am in love with this phone ! first off , the palm functionality is wonderful !
i 'd give 0 stars if i could these arrived dead i plug them in and all they do is make a lot of scratching sounds , no sound comes out and people ca n 't hear me ( mic issue too ) . ca n 't recommend .
i will only use these at home due to the poor build . step it up , motorola .
these have worked perfectly and the price is great !
all in all , a great product to have .
he travels internationally frequently for business .
a flaw that makes the device near worthless to me now .
worked much better back on my s2 or my fiancee 's s3 ( no our last name wo n 't be samsung ) .
still somewhat a decent deal because if you purchased this at the mall it would be more like $ 7 10
after 4 years , 2 of which have been sitting in a drawer with no charge , it still holds more than a day of battery life .
format the card before adding anything to it ! aside from having to do that , it 's a great phone , lots of features , basically everything i 'll ever need much more .
it does the job and it is well built .
it works , buy it 's not as stylish as other stylus i have seen and that makes me want to purchase another .
the bluetooth seems to work fine but i really only get about 20 25 feet if it is a clear line of sight , even if i walk between my phone and the speaker it will cut out .
i go through chargers pretty quickly so im hoping this one will hold up .
they sent me a new ( working ) cord and told me to recycle the bad one .
he went back to buy a pair for himself . given the reasonable quality for this price point , i am giving them four stars .
i bought this to replace my original charging cable for my samsung phone .
the seller responded promptly and sorted out the difficulty i was having much to my satisfaction .
then , i decided i needed a mic and my options were narrowed down for me .
this device represents an very intriguing idea a single device by the door for all the family members to be able to just flop your devices , and presto , they all get charged .
i only wish there was a way to disable the led .
but it seems to be holding .
the previous battery would show full battery and i would go out and then 5 minutes later . . . dead .
it was shorter than i expected , but it does the job .
it was a powerful combination that allowed me to answer my phone up to 300 feet away from my office .
i noticed that there is a small smudge between the screen protector and the actual screen , it 's nothing bad at all , but i wanted to mention it .
i love this item and it is easy to carry anywhere you go .
however , it 's a 100 more comfortable and the bass is good too .
no problems and the price was great .
i had high hopes for this product , as it was reviewed very positively . i tried it out without the phone , and the suction did not stick at all .
the problem seems to be that the stereo speakers should have been wired together for a mono sound but they are n 't ? who knows and i 'm not about to rewire it .
care must be taken when you 're wearing it .
but the main problem i had was the fact it did n 't want to stay snugly on my head . . . in my ears .
i use this case at work , and when i 'm out to dinner .
the sound is just not perfect for me .
it does charge quickly and my phone can be use as soon as i plug it in .
the best part of all is that most stores sell this item from $ 10 . 99 $ 14 . 99 . . . amazon has the best price as you can see it is under $ 5 . 00 .
however , i do n 't see myself taking my scanner anywhere .
it does what it is supposed to , keeps it from getting smooshed and broken while flopping around my car like a tuna .
i 've bought several different type of generic knock off chargers in the past .
i suppose it would be suitable for sleeping with your phone next to you on the bedstand ( and you do not sweat while you sleep ! ) . . .
i use it on my motorola droid and it works great .
for the price though you ca n 't go wrong .
i do n 't know why palm was the only one who used magnetic induction charging , because it worked great and was the best charging system of any phone made , to date .
i have not had any problem with either popping off .
case is good for the purpose intended but the kick stand is kind of flimsy and feels like it may not hold for long .
we frequently travel to our cabin which does n 't have electricity .
in fact the service seems better .
you could use it on your car or a window at home .
this is the greatest cover i had by so far .
i am using the jabra bt350 with a sony ericsson k750i .
i paid a few extra dollars for one that got good reviews and think that that was worth it . ( ordered from the seller cellular 5 star . )
it even seemed flimsy at first and got stuck while we were trying to figure out how it worked .
it has very solid construction that is typical of other new trent products i have experience with .
also ca n 't be used to sync your bold with your pc .
purchased two and we put one in each car .
this has come in very handy when i had no place to charge my phone !
i bought this several days ago , it is easy to use . after 2 days , i can not turn volumn up and the sound is so low and i can not hear it when i am driving ( i have a lexus new car , it is quiet ) . or i did not operate correctly , but i follow the instruction in the manual . anyone has such experience , please let us know . thanks , sumulu
the price for this charging cable was unbelieveable and it is just as good or better than the one that comes with the ipod when you buy it new !
however , i must take into account this maybe due to interferences on the other parties behalf . over all great job .
i have had this phone for about 5 months now , and i love all of it 's capabilities .
got it out of the box .
i replace this unit with my old earphone . now your voice sounds muffled , he said , and i hear that tv now loud and clear . i have other stories like this .
i must say that , like others have mentioned , this exceeded my expectations .
i also noticed that it took at least 2 days before the battery pack fully drained , which was great .
i righted it and it was fine all day . the weighted base does make a difference and i think they made it as heavy as they could without taking away the portability feature . 5 . did i mention it works great .
your phone is protected and the general agreement seems to be that it looks better .
thanks amazon for another satisfatory purchase .
i had my phone 25 charged , and pulled out the itorch .
do n 't pay $ 30 $ 40 for this at at t or the apple store . .
i never trusted it walking through airports as it just did n 't feel secure . second , the unit literally fell apart in my hands after three or four months .
unfortunately , i am not one of them .
perfect for long or short trips .
a must have if you game a lot .
i had the 850 and thought that it was decent but could be better so i bought the 700 . let me just say that i own the motorola v330 and from reading the other reviews , it seems that this headset works best with the razr .
lasted for about one year before they damaged , they are ok for the price
i guess as long as your listen to your music they do n 't look so crazy wearing them outside . now sound quality is not bad .
suddenly after a year or so of use , it stopped charging .
a large majority of owners love them .
the sync finished , and i went to unplug , except it would n 't unplug .
i have not owned an iphone or a blackberry , but i have to say that this phone has every with the exception of a touch screen .
but there is this consistent pulsing i hear and every caller tells me i am fading in and out .
i was thinking to bring my cell to a store for this screen protector but definitely this was the best option , so cheap and so easy to put over
need a charger ? ? buy this you will be satisfied .
the audio is pretty clear but , people can barely hear me when there is wind and other noises so , the noise cancellation is not that good .
i had this case on my blackberry for years .
i 've found this one gives a reasonable amount of protection and comes with a nice screen film .
i wasted 2 already in my initial application .
thanks guys , you 're the best . ( and by the way , my battery did not come in used .
four stars because the zippers are cheap feeling but for the money i guess you ca n 't expect much more .
he would tell me somthing if it did not work , and a cleaning cloth was just a bonus .
i think this is probably great for a permanent install in your own vehicle ( though you might not care how small it is then , and of course there are 2 port high power chargers that are almost as small you might want instead ) . for travel its a bust .
plugged it in , got my cell phone to sync with the unit .
there are 2 belt loops , that i do n 't use , and one belt clip that i do use .
sounds good , and i have n 't had any complaints from folks on the other end .
they do what they 're supposed to do .
i love this item it works so much better then anything else i have purchased to hold my phone in my car .
if you need a charger that does n 't cost an arm and a leg , then get this one .
i have 2 extended batteries for my htc evo 4g and just constantly swap them out back and forth .
i have a charger in the car , but never drop below half in a day 's worth of heavy use , so i usually just charge overnight ( or in the car the next morning ! ) original review , unchanged ( june 2010 ) after reasonably heavy use over 15 16 months , my nokia 6650 started behaving erratically , rebooting spontaneously and indicating low battery seconds after being put into use !
my husbands cell phone is almost always dead .
works like a charm ! i did find the glow light annoying , but it 's easy enough to unplug the hub when i finish working in the evening , so it 's not a big issue for me . i 'm a happy camper now , and i whole heartedly recommend this hub for those who need more ports in a small space .
so , to my total surprise and skepticism , i ended up liking the convenience . the downsides the case you must use is incredibly ugly .
gets the job done and the cord does n 't spiral out and not comeback into shape .
its the first replacement cord that works with it . . . . im very sastified with this product
i can charge my phone and friends' phones from my backpack in the middle of class .
i 'll continue to give otterbox my business and recommend them to friends .
i like the programming when it 's turned on . . .
i feel like they are designed for people with special needs .
but it stopped working after a couple of months .
by far , i like this phone the best .
the wod will seem to occur after you disconnect after a file transfer .
i agree with the other reviewers .
worth far more than the sales price when you calculate not breaking and replacing parts due to improperly dismantling a project as delicate as a small piece of electronics that was never really meant to be opened by the consumer .
spend the extra $ $ and buy an original .
my phone is a lg but this case is perfect and made sturdy and strong to last .
i hate holding a cellphone up to my head . . . and i do n 't have to with these little gems . i tried a newer version and it picked up a lot more wind noise .
the only thing i do n 't understand is why a laser pointer would be included in the imp52d , i usually end up pointing it around wasting battery life while in the dark .
but once it is in , it stays in .
but if you just want it stuck on your arm , it works !
the fact you can now buy it for a small fraction of the original cost is just extra sweetness .
the microphone is now nowhere near your face and you have to figure out how to clamp it so it 's remotely near your mouth . would not buy again .
walk into your local wireless store and you will find this on the shelf for 3 4 times the price on amazon !
it will usually turn on the second attempt .
i had heard so many good things about this headset and even tried on my co workers before i bought it , but what i did n 't test out was the reception range .
the sound quality on these two units are horrid , there are no other ways to describe it .
and with my itorch my phone wo n 't go dead .
even though the palm phone that i purchased this has long sailed into the sunset ( rather dumpster ) the charger still lives on as i can use the usb connector to charge other anroid devices that i now own .
the blue light is n 't as bothersome as i thought it would be .
and i can hear them loud and clear .
i did n 't like it but my husband seems to think that it works great for him and uses it often .
and , i mean 'light' it spent most of its life sitting on her nightstand .
i started running out of places to charge my multiple gadgets at night , each one wanting is own outlet .
love the size because it does n 't seem to big but well protected .
if you were worried about fit , they are perfect .
the biggest and only complaint is the range .
no choiceother than purchasing more on line .
if i wanted to plug in my phone to the wall , it would have to sit on the floor .
i have n 't used it much but when i have , it works as advertized .
also , it 's size is a negative for me though it may not matter to others as much .
perfect for taking my iphone in the gym with me .
the good * it works ( if you have the phone and can put up with the inconveniences ) the bad * does not support all phones ( check to see if it will support yours ) * makes your phone case worthless * makes your phone bulkythe bottom line boy oh boy was i anxious to get my hands on this .
but overall it does it simple job .
if you do not want to pay from 25 to 35 to activate your cell with att this is a good option for ahorrarte about $ , the service can be activated telephonely as much , as by internet , very recommendable
my ear does not get tired or sore from having it on .
used it once and it charged good .
my son called an ambulance when he could no longer hear me .
i also suggest pairing it with the mouse by the same company for the same purpose .
completely satisfied with the e71 after 3 months .
she had also purchased a pair of bargain grade sk * * * * * * y buds when she once lost said high end pair about a year ago , so she fished those out prior to the weekend and used those ( first ) as a stand in .
you want to charge those on the powergrid , guess what you have to do ? you have to buy the chargers . there is no way any part of this device will simplify your life or even make you happy in any way , so just skip it .
i can recomend this battery strongly . s .
you should purchase an additional charge cord as a spare .
you have to hold it in a certain place in other for it to charge .
the chargers appear to be genuine mot but hard to really tell .
it 's small and easy to put in a pocket or purse , and is very convenient .
if the hand set is lifted with the base slide the do hicky off and reverse it or even try removing and the problem should be solved .
they have the most outstanding customer service i have ever dealt with , a . update i have had this less than a year now and the magic pads quit working for the 3rd time and now the windshield suction cup stopped holding .
makes me glad i have at t .
you get 2 demos of crappy games that let you play for 5 mins only .
i have no idea how long it took to charge that night , but later i noted that it took about 6 hours to reach a full charge . the description says it can be used to charge the ipad 2 , so that was the first thing i tried it on .
finally i saw this item on amazons and after reading the review i decided to give it a try . the case is very nice it fits perfectly on the phone .
i simply hold the button in for two seconds , my motorola phone asks me to say a command , and i 'm placing a call .
i ca n 't tell you how many replacement chargers i 've ordered that were supposedly oem and just failed .
the battery worked better than expected .
the whole cord seems cheep but it at 2 bucks for 3 of them its not a bad deal .
i use it in my camry and the sound is excellent .
it did present a couple challenges , just like every other headset i 've had . first , i do n 't like ear loops .
it was working ok for few occasion after sometime ( couple of months of using ) it just stop working and water start to leak .
if you are into vintage cellphones , this may be just the cable for you .
i had an older plantronics from back when they started getting popular .
at all selective on what they offer for sale .
i couldnt ask for anything like stereo or something like that . . .
since the droid x unlike most phones is fatter at the top , you must put it in bottom first .
some of the components do n 't feel of high quality . ( you get what you pay for ) so i had to move on .
these covers also need periodic replacement .
they are so handy and i tend to pass them out like gum , but hey for the price that they are it is what it is , easy to use and assemble
the quality could be a little better it 's a little thin and the length could be a little longer .
i have no complaints , only praise .
it is a huge rip off .
i have two sets , one for the car , and one for the office .
at 10 battery left on my phone , it was able to recharge back to 100 no problems . great you 're a frequent air traveler .
this has been a very disappointing product .
it gets charged very quickly and lasted very long .
i recently purchased this item and i must say that it has been the best headset i have owned thus far , and i have tried many .
this is a great product , cofortable and easy to setup .
i have read other reviews which state that they did n 't believe they received an original motorola charger .
i did have the speaker boom windscreen fall off once when i was transporting the headset around in my pocket . what 's really nice is that still have left over pieces to this set that i can do another repair job in the future ( as long as i remember where i stowed these pieces ! ) . highly recommended !
i bought these to run with an 3rd gen ipod touch .
i 'm not sure i 'd pay the current $ 24 .
not sure whether i installed it in an optimal location or not . ( the repeater is in the attic as high as possible to try to reach the tower signal . ) in retrospect given the actual results i got , i 'm not sure it was worth the money .
for the money , this is a great item and a must have for mobile road warriors .
on top of that you can still use the phone easily if needed and when not being used it 's a nice clock .
and as long as it sees you it wo n 't turn itself off .
i 'm also surprised at the excellent battery life .
i use bluetooth headsets all the time , and have constantly moved between different brands trying to find the perfect one and i think this is it .
i liked it but it really wore out too quickly .
more important , since it occupies the charging connector on the iphone , you must remove the case before you synch . so , what i do is use it around the house on the weekend .
i 've been using this thing to charge my nokia and samsung galaxy note 2 devices . . . . it charges them very quick . . . . love it .
the cable is a bit dinky ( lightweight , thin , maybe not so durable ) but treated well , it should do just fine , and is a great price to have extras around for charging phones , etc .
the charger has worked from day one and continues to work perfectly .
fits perfect , nice clean look , i am going to buy another one to leave it inside my car just in case .
ever try to get a grown business man to wear a cheap piece of cloth around their neck ? so i bought these and no one will wear them .
it usually charges my phone almost up to a 100 even if i am at 20 . the case comes easily on and off it you need to interchange you phone with other cases .
this was exactly what i needed to use all my old blackberry charges with my new blackberry .
even after all of this , it still managed to charge after a long time .
it can still receive calls and what not , but i just can unlock my screen or anything if i wanted to skip a song or something .
the construction is perfect and very firm and the design is very elegant ( for those who do n 't like flashy or colorful cases ! ! ) . recommended .
not much more you can say .
i needed a new usb cable , so for a tester i brought one .
also you can use your phone and charge it at the same time and it doesnt slow down the charge at all .
if you have large hands or long fingernails you simply wo n 't be able to use this phone . 2 . the sound quality is not so great .
this does make the iphone look a little like it is on steroids . no i am not about to drop it to see if it works .
i have been consistently able to get a better signal , with this booster versus using it without , so it definitely works .
nice set to change out a nokia something for my son .
tired of having to turn on my computer to recharge my ipod , i decided to check amazon for a charger instead of buying it at a local retailer .
the tips are very cheap to touch and they are worth the amount i bought them for and nothing more .
if used normally , it will charge , but just not real fast .
arrived on time , excellent for a computer or car .
i tend to carry very small wallets and had hoped to use this product to combine the wallet and the phone into one convenient package . but still , it just did n 't work out .
that 's all i care about . i highly recommend this item .
i have another i phone and the otter box protects it from bumps and scratches and is in mint condition over a year old now .
they do exactly what is expected . my only complaint is that you have to make sure to plug in the wires with a little force until you hear feel a tough click .
good lengtheasy to usevery fast chargingi would recommend it to persons who use their phone a lot .
i usually open and then press answer and it just goes to the headset . can put it on very fast and is so lightweight that i can wear for a 2 hour con call and not have a problem .
was very pleased with the case as well as the cost .
clearly this one could not handle prolonged use , and i wonder if i was sold a gray market product .
i 'm sending back my second set as i write this , but i still want this headset because i do n 't think there is anything better that has the same features ( luckily i have a backup headset to use during the bb903 downtime ) . the user controls are excellent .
this was part of my deployment kit for disaster relief , it has made my life easier for keeping my going with the chance to jam and work .
i like it because it has a longer cord than the charger than came with my phone , though it does n 't have the usb option on it .
considering i travel a ton , this was a nice freebie . pros first of all , i have to say that the instructions are very simple to follow .
so most people wo n 't know that it makes noise at all .
the buttons are small and close together , every time i want to adjust the volume , i have to guess what i 'm pressing .
good quality and has failed on me yet .
good sound . . . controls a little cumbersome , but very satisfied .
it is fairly compact and it 's refreshing not to see all the various cords all over my kitchen counter .
apple is trustworthy and i found what i was looking for .
and the headset ca n 't bend well . when you wear these for over an hour your head will begin to scream at you in pain because it 's like pinching your skull .
i really liked the belt clip , so i only used that .
i 've been buying plantronics for almost 20 years , and always received an excellent product .
i have not used it to do a full charge yet but it really comes in handy .
but charge holding has improved a bit over time . ( have n 't had a repeat of the one hour issue ) 5 . starts to drop out if more than 10 ft from phone 6 . rubber ear bud covers sometimes come off when you 're not looking ( have permanently lost one so far ) likes keeps connection well with only occasional hiccoughs .
the cord is a little short .
it 's not super bright , and it did n 't run down my car battery ( even when my car sat for several days ) , but i do worry that some punk walking by will spot the blue light and , not knowing what it is , break into my car just to steal a charger .
it took forever to receive these since they come from china .
these are just as good as those that the verizon store used to carry before they stopped carrying the phone .
you can milk it a while longer , but that 's really your first clue about the battery . the earpiece is ok ; it 's not as secure as i 'd hope .
i own 4 now to be in multiple cars and so i can charge more then once device at a time .
the range is really great and the battery life has been very good so far .
only about 10 up durring the hour drive home , but i have the gps running the whole time .
i never used it away from my phone to make sure there were no distance issues .
my sync cables tend to last only about six months , partly because i use my ipad 2 while it is charging .
clearly , i 'm not that scientific , because that is not at all how it works .
i also use it at work with my portable speakers . i was a little worried after reading some of the negative reviews with people having problems getting this to work and having to download programs , but i figured for the price it was worth a shot .
my phone gets signal in places their phones are out of service . now you might say that maybe my friend just has a dud phone .
my favorite thing is that i can charge the ipod while using it ! well worth the ( very little ) money spent on it .
just looking at the photos does not let you know just how well its built .
the big issue for me was the muffled sound , both for me and the caller .
great charger for 2 devices and i have n 't had any problems so far 3yrs now
the battery is great and lasts a very long time .
it keeps your eyes focus on the road , where it should be , yet you can hear your caller clear as day . i like that it makes noise when you turn it off on , so that you do n 't forget leave it on for hours after you exit your car .
i believe the case is sturdy enough that my bluetooth wo n 't get crushed .
and the price is great too !
i feel with the rubber casing , that in case of a drop that it should help with the shock from a drop but not if it goes screen first .
maybe i 'll try the jaybirds next
i think this is a good improvement on easy installation ; but manually turn it on and off is a pain .
i really like the design but keep in mind you are sacrificing protection for aesthetics .
great deal they work fine on my motorola and samsung and htc phones , what is not to like for under $ 2 . 00 ! i was surprised it worked on my motorola triumph , it is very particular about what chargers will work on it .
the only downside i can see for some people would be the lack of a belt clip .
the battery charged fully in one night and is small and portable but very effective .
use this with my galaxy s4 . at this price i bought 2 more .
i would say its worth the extra money over the cheap ones and a great value compared to the more expensive ones .
purchased from eforcity , us seller that i 've gotten a few items from before and quality was good for the price .
its really not a related product , but i like charging that way so much more . . .
i did n 't have my jumper cables with me ( boyfriend had them ) , and my boyfriend was out of town .
so with that i will drop my overall rating to a 4 star .
but i actually use it for most applications .
it does n 't hinder usability at all , just bugs me , but it probably would n 't bug most people .
she likes the color and the size , what more can i say ?
only one minor problem , the ringer is n 't very loud but it will do .
i was looking for something that would actually be protective , since my husband 's favorite trick is to drop his pants on the floor with his iphone still in the pocket .
i bought a knock off because it was $ 15 vs . $ 30 locally .
i never thought there was a need for an external battery but i am wrong .
this was an amazing price and came in two days !
i contacted the seller and received a refund the same day .
works perfectly fine you ca n 't even notice a difference unless you hold a real apple charger next to this one and even then its only a slight darker color on this product .
also it shows you even when your appliances are off they suck energy a good way to find out how to save .
these new batteries were just what he needed .
so pretty and got compliments daily
i recommend these to all and with the 2 different sizes they can work for kids or adults .
with the other models , either i , the caller , or both of us could n 't understand a word being said .
a good product at a good price .
like the fact that the usb plug to keep it clean .
i had a competing plantronics product in fact two of them but they both broke in the same place due to the use of plastic in high stress areas .
sometimes it charges and sometimes it does n 't when it does , it charges very slowly like 4 hours to go from 40 to 100 . half the time , the computer does n 't even recognize that my phone has been plugged in .
otherwise up to this point it was a tremendous price , and fast shipping . update the battery continues to perform perfectly and hold a great charge !
i would recommend this item and this seller to anyone everyone .
i thought i made a great find for a replacement cable for my gs2 . but i threw both away .
it is much smaller than a lot of other ones yet provides ample power for my devices .
i use it on my htc incredible and now my htc thunderbolt .
i am extremely pleased with the headset and would buy another pair in an instant ! !
amazon sell a wide assortment of these . ( i would n 't buy the motorola keyboard , from experience . )
again , did n 't want to spend the $ $ $ 's for a temporary solution . found the mobile pro with positive technical reviews on a couple of tech sites , and the price here was acceptable , even if the use was expected to be temporary .
when a phone is without service and constantly searching , it eats up the battery quick . . . . . these batterys last a long time in this situation and also last quite a while when actually using the phone !
still , i 've gotten pretty adept at controlling my music with them . i have not tried them for phone calls i tend to like to use the phone directly while at work , so i ca n 't say how well the microphone performs . overall , i 'd say these are a great find , especially when you consider how expensive wireless headphones tend to be .
with my crabble , i can set my phone wherever i want and be able to read in perfect comfort .
i have had the previous ones since 2010 . i will keep as spares but am unhappy with the condition of these eargels .
i should say how perfectly this fits in all of my pockets .
people on the other end reported they could not understand me .
i have not gotten around to returning the charger yet .
i have a belt case for my workdays , but when i 'm not at work this is a great way to protect your expensive toy .
i know it 's a universal holder and so it 'll work with pretty much anything , and that my issues with it are mainly for use with the iphone 5 , but since that 's the first phone listed in the title , i figure it 's worth taking a point off .
i purchased this item about a month ago , and have n 't found any of these complaints to hold true for this headset . i 've charged it once , and have n 't had to re charge it yet .
i bought this for a friend who loves yellow .
gave up after an hour of moving all over only to get a green light for a few moments then back to red .
at first when i received the usb cables they did n 't work .
i can get about 75 on my nexus 7 and 100 iphone simultaneously . the most awesome thing about this device is that it fits in your pocket .
these cheap ones break so easily , its pitiful .
i love that the plug is up top .
i would n 't have it any other way . i have been using this product for over a month now and i recommend it highly . plantronics , one recommendation for you ; make the battery rechargeable so i do n 't have to change it out every morning .
my last charger had a longer cord too . good thing i did n 't need it desperately , because it only ships one way by mail from china .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
it can also be turned quite loud , uncomfortably so .
this was bought for use while jogging and it only works half the time .
sturdy they 've been banged around quite a bit and no problems .
and no it not a hygiene thing from the kids .
so , i am more than pleased with this order .
i love the way these things keep my cords organized and tight .
the form factor is different but in a good way .
fyi this has no bearing on my rating of this case , just know that the two cents more that you pay is not all you pay after figuring the shipping it 's more like $ 12 more .
buttons are easy to push , as far as other users who were experiencing problems in this area , maybe you should consider switching over to a jitterbug phone .
so far they have been very helpful and quick .
i love these and will most likely continue to buy the pouches when my old ones wear out .
this is a handy tool , that everyone should have if you have a iphone , works great , good value for your money .
if you need something more snug do n 't get this product . if you have your phone in say , a silicone case or something , the extra size might be a bonus to you . if you do n 't care about looks of the case , and you can get over the oversize , then this is for you . overall , the price and quality i would recommend it . . .
my wife said that she could hear an echo of herself .
covers complete phone , unlike the existing casecrown i have that is worn out ( 2 years ) . this is a perfect case , still slim and very protective . i liked mine so much , i just ordered a pink one for my wife here on amazon ! !
now , i will say that i switch back and forth between the smallest ear piece and none at all with it , it fits better and you can hear better , but it starts hurting a little after a while , have to take a break ; without it , i can wear it all day , but , it dangles a little awkwardly and sound is sacrificed , a little , but certainly bearable .
the really great part about it is that if you have an lg phone too then you can just switch the usb cord out and charge your phone from the same charger .
had to be replaced as well
when plugged in , it shows that it is charging , but after ten minutes i 'm lucky to get 1 more on my battery .
it is comfortable and lightweight , i am glad i did n 't pay more , and this one is fine for everyday casual use .
it does what you want it too .
i know this one will last a lot longer . these things are a life saver when my phone chargers break , or if i want to charge a spare battery .
what 's to say on top of that ?
eventually it goes back to normal , but then it just starts malfunctioning again .
easy to install . . . . . . . . . . . works like it claims , and for the price you ca n 't do any better .
this headset was the best i ever used and i used a lot of them , it worked great until i lost like all the others .
i bought this one for my daughter and i can hear her very well .
it should have been designed to go in either way .
considering how old the phones that use this type of battery are , i am not surprised that i received a used battery .
kind of tricky to put on , that s probably why so many in the package just in case you mess up
i bought this to replace a cingular phone and works well .
this charger was one of the cheapest , but was n 't worth the savings .
i use it to charge 2 phones at the same which it did with no problem .
i would prefer not to use the film , but i just found myself always wiping away annoying smudges from the glass .
the only two flaws i see are that these are not adjustable at all , and the mic placement and quality .
this item took a week to arrive ( not too long ) . in the mean time , i received the phone and was anxious to change the sim card and begin using the phone .
in addition the case is really thin .
i called amazon to confirm that before i ordered it and the rep looked it up for me , he was very helpful . i am using the mute feature now , and i like how it beeps every so often to remind me that i am muted .
battery lasts a couple of weeks without recharging .
i purchased the blackberry bold 9000 in hopes of a great smartphone that would work out well with my prepaid phone plan .
after a few months they stopped accepting the charge .
and mostly , nomo motoone star because i ca n 't give it a lower vote .
it was comfortable and transmission was good .
all in all i mostly enjoy this device even with the flaws .
i never leave home without my ipad and this most useful stylus .
however , i can assure you that this particular item is a genuine oem blackberry product .
and although i was not sure it would work , it does !
product is very well built , best car charger is used , been using other chargers but trashed them after using this product . elegant design and so premium .
sound could be a bit staticky , but i could live with that . . . however . . . .
the case is good which comes in two parts .
i love this stupid little thing .
on occasion , i can see a temporary one bar increase in my reception , but that 's the exception , not the norm .
the izel stand is not getting much use and i may have to return it and go back to the old stand .
pairing is easy and i have paired with both iphone and macbook pro with no difficulty .
there really is n 't much more to say than that !
this phone will drain in 8 hours to 36 hours with minimal usage .
by no means is charging fast . after about 15 with this charger my phone was barely at 3 . however , that was enough for it to last the duration of my drive home .
this is a nice charger but you can tell it was made cheaply in china .
and the griffin was 4 times more expensive . i have not used these for very long .
you will be glad you did despite the higher ( than i hoped for ) cost .
you may be able to compensate for this by mounting it up higher .
after much wear and tear from me , it 's still going strong .
it has done a great job protecting my touch for the past year and a half from scratches and drops .
if your car is outfitted for amps like mine , just be prepared to spend more money and time acquiring that one little part that should be included per the item description .
receive very fast , they where where very cheap , however i have not use them yet . .
the device is simple and thus easy to use , and the design is a notch better than most of the devices out there .
this rating is low because product could have been purchased in the us .
i find that i have to change the foam every few weeks in order to maintain fit and achieve maximum quality .
because i had it in a messenger bag that got stepped on .
i persisted because working bluetooth is valuable to me in my work with clients . i 've been using the voyager pro for about a year .
i like how its clear but weeks later it began to get beige on the white part i did n 't care for it
this is my second one of these i wore my first one for three years and it just broke but it is well worth the money i have spent on it works great pairs easy and last as far as talk time for the full eight to ten hours worth the money .
we 're just lucky there was no damage to the iphone .
overall i am very pleased with this product .
it looks like i go for the super protection for my iphones .
on a side note the battery life on these are amazing and lasts for days if not weeks
so i do n 't think its my mistake . 3 . talk time is not as good as the 320 . so i have to charge it everyday .
you better believe it . i do n 't like the size of this thing but it works .
voice quality is excellent , but people i 've called report there is sometimes a slight buzzing when i am talking to them , although they can still hear me well .
it has one of those mikes that does n 't make it all the way to your mouth , and the volume control is in the phone with only 3 levels not enough to help . i followed another reviewer 's idea and called into my voicemail from this phone , and from several others in the same call .
will update more on this fun toy as time goes by .
but then i updated my firmware and it worked beautifully .
whole milk . . . by far ! appears to be a battery that works so far .
it is also lightweight and i can barely felt it .
it only lasted 5 months before i had to take it off because so much crud accumulated under the protector .
i could not make the volume louder via the volume control ; the volume control actually never seemed to work , but at least at first the volume was real good . . . for about a month .
this is my second one as unfortunately i found out they do not survive the washing machine very well .
hell , even if it takes you 5 tries to get it on perfectly , it 's still worth it !
i strongly expect that a more nimble fingered pc user might find the phone 's many features to be tons of fun .
my wife love it because when she need to charge her phone while traveling she can use the space cord and it really works .
already purchased a back up one .
ca n 't believe just how well the mic works .
this phone has grown on me .
but you never know what cheap knockoffs are out there ! ( so far so good d )
the range probably gets reduced due to the audio being stereo . . . ? ? ? ? ( just gessing ) .
and this is using a motorola phone ! ( z6m ) do not buy any s9 or s10 or s anything from motorola , unless you like to curse .
if you 're looking for a spare cable , this one is highly recommended .
sometimes , i have not heard calls come in so reliability for me has been around 95 . i am giving it 4 stars because for the price and comfort , it works quite well .
i wish it could be louder . 3 . the menu is complicated .
i contacted the seller and told them and with in 10 days they sent me a replacement cord !
i got this case when i first bought my iphone at the at t ; store .
i have to say , this was a shockingly good experience .
however , as soon as i received the item and started using it , i decided that my expectations were all wrong .
then again i could use my dc charger in those cases .
i love the voice commands though they really never work effectively to be honest .
has made my ipaq 6315 much more usable as a phone .
newer phones use the more narrow usb plug so make certain you understand which version you are requesting .
htc is known for doing better .
try using a credit card at least ) against it pretty aggressively to prevent and remove any bubbles .
once i got it , i put it on my phone and the plug did n 't work properly .
i carry them around in my gym bag and in my car . * battery life is fine . .
i do n 't even want anyone to see it , because the idea seems kind of lame .
my brother has the iphone and said even on that it took him a few weeks to get used to typing on it .
a great purchase for the money .
she is very pleased with the cover .
but in terms of being able to surf the web , and text , and all that good stuff it 's a pretty good phone . this happens to be the first blackberry to get the new trackpad , which , i must say , is an excellent replacement for the trackball .
i suppose this makes sense , since if you 're going to be plugging the phone into the computer you may as well let it charge up from that .
great item and well worth the money that they are sold for .
i 've been using this headset ( although mine does n 't have the call answer button like this version does ) for a few years now .
this could fatigue the connector and cause failure over time .
any other spot and they drop out like crazy .
i bought this item along with one by kensington .
they are of great quality , of course they are n 't real apple cords but you can either pay the 2 $ for these that work just as we 'll or pay the 30 $ for an apple cord that does the same thing these do .
with yours is lost , stolen , torn , anything !
i received my case for my phone , and i am very pleased with it .
just needed an extra charger and this does the job .
i use one for my phone in my car all the time because the state i live in requires you to use a hands free device when driving .
clear reception and clients do not know i 'm on a head set .
since i try to be polite and avoid phone interruptions during meetings , i wind up leaving the device on vibrate only , which means that occasionally i miss a call . rim really needs to fix this .
the itorch is just the thing i need to keep me connected .
it works but not like the new i i got this should charge faster
if you have strict tastes , then you wo n 't be buying this anyway .
i recently moved to phoenix , arizona , and thought it a good time to get a new mobile phone .
all these little bits and pieces are guaranteed to be scattered and lost . also , my first charger failed .
at first , this seller did n 't had any feedback , so i decided to give him a go . the feedback ?
this device is really helpful not just for road warriors , but the average person who may have quite a number of devices that can be powered charged by usb .
this case is well made and feels good at first but then it stretched out badly and i do n 't use it anymore .
i do n 't know if it 's all the electrical devices running in my apartment , but damn , i ca n 't get more than about 5 feet away from my phone before this unit starts to get all crackly on me .
this small charger is very handy to have if your cellphone , pda or mp3 player runs out of juice and you do n 't ca n 't recharge . this has got me through 10 hour flights , it 's an excellect product .
this is very useful for anybody who may need more than one charge per day ( as i do , because i always use pandora one my iphone 4 battery is slowly losing its capacity ) the charger does not get hot only mildly warm , emphasis on this when used .
using them on the hp i broke 2 of them and 1 on the ipod .
to be completely fair , this product is exactly as described online .
they also do n 't hold a charge for very long .
let 's see how that works . i am disappointed that amazon does not clearly explain what to do with products that go defective after a month .
cord is adequate and does the job .
these are useful for a lot more than fixing phones they 're great for prying open anything you do n 't want to damage .
worked as expected and without issues .
i use a different case instead . fyi .
be prepared to have to eventually purchase another charger .
was a bit short for needs but still works great ! . will prob order again in the future .
the screen really does not read it well and you have to push far harder than i am comfortable doing . the screen does recognize it eventually but really it 's flimsy tip is the problem in my mind . overall not worth the effort or the $ $ fingers are free and work far better on the iphone or ipod touch .
my only complaint is that it does stick out pretty far ( unnecessarily far ) but for $ 3 . xx i ca n 't complain .
i 'm not a techy , just an every day computer user .
that is fine for me but if you are against a pillow it might need some adjusting .
and yet , i 'm still giving it 5 stars ! my lg battery died after 5 years , and within a week , my wife 's battery bit the proverbial battery dust as well .
pairing was straightforward with both my ipod touch and my netbook .
my only complaint is a year after iphone 5 is out , they do n 't have a tip .
i used this to charge my phone while on the plane , and in airport and while in peru and not near power .
the plug is a little large , but you can see that in the product photos , so i wo n 't count that as a fault .
with this price it is well worth it .
this thing is a waste of paper , it does n 't give u any better reception .
fortunately since i can buy 20 of these for every 1 from apple for the money , i have iphone chargers all over the house , in the car , at the office , in suitcases , you name it .
i can charge my phone at the same time i 'm using it .
but i' ; m sure its working fine .
i do n 't know if this is a design issue or if i just got a bad unit .
i bought these to use with my palm pre .
i have to think that some of the other reviewers have older phones , and therefore problems with the unit .
i had a few bubbles once i was finished applying , but that was only because of some dust that i neglected to clean off .
they are a bit heavy and i was concerned they would fall while i jogged .
no matter what i do , it wo n 't unmute .
i do n 't know if i just got a bad set , but all 3 were way off on the cutting .
the usb cable that i received , did n 't look exactly as the image it was a far cry from that , bigger .
i pressed harder , and still nothing .
i bought three different colors , one for each of my kids to match their mp3 players .
for this reason i give it a four star rating instead of five .
easy as pie . pairs easily . perfect and comfortable for my ears . great sound , both ways . i 've used it on devices from my old motorola pebl to iphone ( 1st gen ) to palm pre . i 've bought or inherited 7 other bluetooth devices after getting one of these years ago , thinking they would improve on something already well made .
i bought 2 of these and they both stopped working within about a month .
this is a good knock off product .
i 've spent a lot of time djing in the past and have great headphones and cheap ones .
the sound is very warm and fairly balanced .
i have a canon s90 and was n 't very excited about getting a normal bulky case for it .
trust me , it will be money well spent and make your drives a little more enjoyable !
we 're living in hungary right now and the slvr is not sold here , so it 's extra cool for others to see .
great ! so far . i had this charger before and it seem to last pretty good 3 years fits most phones except iphone and galaxy 5 but that phone can still use it in the right side of the portal it will judy charge it a bit slower .
i ca n 't wait to see how this technology develops over the next few years .
as far as the quality of the cords go , i have only had them for a few days , but so far i ca n 't see any difference in these cords than the ones that come with apple products .
i think the times that i did cut out was because i was too close to metallic objects . .
turns out the dog was chewing on the iphone , not a bone , and had been chewing on it for some time .
mine lasted 4 days before the screen quit .
love that i can plug dual items into it while i am driving and it 's great for long road trips when you need to plug in multiple things at one time .
luckily the case protects it well enough but i still do n 't like it coming off that easy .
they are nice because they fit nearly any one inside because of the original bulky structure of the g1 , which i do have .
then grab it on your way out the door .
takes a bit to plug into my computer and once it is in , still does n 't work a lot of times .
i am not a big fan of bluetooth but i saw the writing on the wall so i read the reviews and picked this one .
bought this to have a second one as my other headset that i had from a previous .
i have since switched to a samsung phone and they are no adapters that fit the samsung . i do not use this product and now it is cluttering up my closet waiting to be discarded .
if i am using the phone to talk it stays at the same charge when plugged in as an example .
what you see is what you get is perfect if you like small things , works perfect i am using it and works good i like itbecause is on my air vent .
some people may not mind but its just a little hard to push .
it is either a motorola or one hell of a knock off .
if you have to think about it you need counseling
they 're not cutting into the belt ) , and since i 'm able to use a little shoe polish to restore my belts anyway , it 's a minor pain , but something i live with .
admittedly , they are a little to put on the first couple of times that you try , just go slwly and have a credit card or something avaiable to sqeegie out the bubbles .
i bought this item a local retailer , was happy cause i got it on sale ( probobly clearance ) well it worked 2 days then the wire going into the unit it self would get static if touched !
by bringing in the devices we are able to charge overnight to a full charge .
it does the job , and it 's been working great .
this ibooster does boost the signal significa n 'tly and i can get service in areas i had n 't .
it 's the first headset i 've ever used that was comfortable and had great sound quality in both directions , and i 've used it with 3 different phones over the years all with the same results .
and got it a day earlier than estimated .
i love my iphone , and i wanted a nice case for it to protect it from scratches , and which also looked and felt nice .
so far the replacement is working great !
a handy tool , and i highly recommend it .
pros the sound is quite clear and true , provided you are n 't an overly demanding audiophile .
although it 's really cute , it got dirty and fell apart rather quickly .
protect my screen and received it quick in the mail .
i have gotten 2 charges to 95 100 so well worth the weight since it can be a 5 10 days between places to charge on at .
i would give it a 4 rather than a 5 . it is decent quality but not something exceptional .
i have owned many bluethooth headsets and tried a few others including the latest jawbone model .
it had lines and stamp marks that are visible when my iphone is off , and of course , are invisible when on .
not only does it do the job very well , the price is right .
generally i like this bracket , although not as much as some others .
did n 't happen with the same case i bought for my daughter 's 4s .
i 'm going to give the cardo scala a try ; if it 's no good , i 'll probably go with a jabra , and spend a bit more money .
although after very careful and slow application , rolling on just a cm at a time , air bubbles would form .
i would say it is just slightly less able than the blueparrot but that might be because the boom does n 't quite reach the corner of my mouth .
i looked at higher priced options that had more features but i really did n 't need voice control or some of the other bells and whistles being offered .
i was able to get 2 complete charges when the ipod was almost fully discharged each time .
the line still breaking up all the time if im not using it in a car or a room or a hall . . .
he has thick fingers , and he did not have the accuracy he needed until i got him this .
do n 't expect it to last long under constant use .
for me , the volume is good as long as the windows are up .
i use these for electronics repairs .
this is a great product , very high quality over others i used and based on the reviews i figured it was worth the . . . shipping for the quality .
i own this many headsets as others did not work well with my cell phone or was uncomfortable wearing them .
no more worrying that when i take it off or put it on , i 'll bend the earloop too far and break it .
i purchased these speakers to go with several devices .
it does n 't come unstuck and its cute !
there are many other detail reviews that are all saying the same thing which is it is n 't as sleek as it sounds and there are many hidden costs .
it is just the right size for just my phone .
i also keep loose change on it . . .
i 'll address the reason this is only 4 stars right now sound quality on phone calls .
good luck trying to charge your stuff before your kids get at it !
let me say a few things buy this device .
after having my blackberry for about 6 months the life on the battery started to diminish and i wanted to replace it .
though its not a big deal , it would 've been nice to get it since they claim it comes with one .
wow ! ! ! its like not having anything on it at all and you get excellent protection .
the sound quality was so bad , i never bothered using it .
most important of all , they will pair with up to eight devices , so you can use them with both your mp3 player , cell phone and computer relatively simply .
i ca n 't really give it a low rating since they never said they 'd support the torch .
no amount of messing around with the controls or resetting helped .
you can have top notch protection or ease of access , but i doubt both are possible . you also wo n 't be able to use most any docking station type product , but i know other iphone users who use any protective cover ( no matter how slim ) run into this problem .
i already hate the fact that a case on my slim iphone makes it bulky .
i upgraded my blueant z9 to this v1 product and it has been a great decision .
beware , you will not get the item that is pictured .
it was the worst phone i have ever used .
update 9 3 09 zphone was having so many problems , sent it in to their repair depot .
broke within 1 day of use .
i was so happy to be able to find this battery .
i tested it with my kindle as well , and it charges it well and quickly .
the battery charger was not as heavy as i would have imagined and i knew it would not be a problem to carry around .
i am not sure the reason behind this design , could be to improve battery life ? i had high expectations .
first , be prepared to loose your signal .
i was extremely satisfied with this purchase despite the drawbacks and you just ca n 't beat the price . very important for those of you that care for looks , these phones did not come in silver as indicated in the 1st picture above .
that makes these virtually unusable with my pc or at least the experience is unpleasant enough that i would leave my headset disconnected most of the time . overall i am really pleased with the quality of the voyager .
i have owned a plantronics voyager which was not that good .
so if i have zero bars normally , i can actually get a signal and make a call .
i noticed that my batter was bulging and not flat , so when i would lay it on a flat surface , it would rock a little bit .
i purchased these headphones because i am really hard on the corded kind , and i find myself needing to replace them every year or two .
purchased for my htc one and works like a champ .
sure , the battery life suffers after years of use , but they 're so cheap that it 's no problem at all to get a new one . my only complaint is that the blue light on it is extraordinarily bright .
this little adapter earns its 5 stars for solving a true problem and doing it so without me having to pay a lot for the privilege .
however , since it 's so cheap , i replaced it with another .
but not something to rave about either .
by reading all the other reviews i thought this will only be good for charging but i was surprised to see that it works even better as data cable .
i hate scratching , dropping , or in any way damaging a new phone ! this product is straight from the god 's and cheap ! ! best money i 've ever spent to protect my phone .
it 's $ 6 so i do n 't know if i 'm asking too much .
to whom it may concern this by far is the best thing since president kennedy .
while the sound is good it is at times tinny and missing the base .
the worst phone i 've ever had , but this headset is comfortable and works with my phone and my wife 's lg faultlessly . be aware that there is no mute button , you 'll have to use the phone for that . lasted 1 2 of a year now junk , will no longer hold a charge
i had to change films pretty often due to the scratches .
i wanted to like it because of the price and weight .
this protects my screen just like it is suppose to .
product is good and is as described .
it was a nice case really nice grip i would recommend getting this case if you were to buy one
i love how it covers the buttons and makes them even more responsive than without the case .
excelent quality and better price than apple product .
it is nice and very affordable .
i was not sure i would like the cover with the poor reviews so i went to a verizon store to check it out , then i placed my order .
this cable not recommended for this device . that is what i get for an error message .
the hard buttons require a little more pressure to push , but i prefer to have the covered over having them open , but recessed under the case .
both performance comfort , i 've not found anything better yet .
i 've bought numerous and use them instead of the shorty ones .
do some extra research around properly removing the battery .
i carry it in my computer bag all the time to use for impromptu conference calling .
i sent a email to the seller to see what can be done .
if you are looking for this type of case then i recommend trying this one .
do not waste your money purchasing this
the battery is not as strong as my n79 or n78 , but it lasts a day , with very heavy web browsing ( 3 4 hours ) . that 's probably due to the touchscreen .
item arrived in the condition and at the time time described .
i love the fact that it comes with a charging case for emergencies , because the battery life could be a little longer .
they 've also missed on priority numbers you know , you identify people you call a lot , and they go to the head of the list .
i think this is because for its size it is hefty .
so there you are pressing every button once , twice or three times when it could have been a full keyboard layout .
i had one for my iphone 4 and loved it so much that i bought the same style for my iphone 5 . it is small and fits on my jeans right at the waist so i always have it with me and it is hands free .
thanks to amazing amazon , both defective pieces returned with out hassel and replacements arrived the next day .
apple sells similar products for $ 15 ! ! ! awesome deal !
this item is a great buy for anyone who needs a first or replacement charger .
when i opened it up it looked like the oem cable except for there were some slight differences .
have used motorola headsets since i have had a bluetooth phone . .
it 's a very minor issue , but something to keep in mind .
the only disappointment so far has been battery life .
for the price it ca n 't be beat .
my phone ( an iphone ) is always in need of juice as i use it so much and when i am on the go ( which is often ) , i hate having to hunt around for an outlet and hate even more having to sit for a while as the phone charges .
when i bought them , i actually thought they 'd just be thrown away due to poor sound quality for the other person , but i 'm back to buy more as backups . ) less than $ 3 and free shipping and they work . i only wish i knew how to wear the ear buds more comfortably .
i 've owned this headset for a couple months now and i 'm very pleased with it . pros * long battery life i 've had this synced with my laptop and cellphone for hours on end .
you can tell by how it feels .
it really , really was nothing to complain about , so i do n 't blame the seller all that much , but the product is just defective .
they 're a little on the short side , but at the price it 's exactly what i wanted a couple of spare charging cables for use on the road .
i 've had a lot of trouble finding a charger that will do anything but hold the battery steady on my at t ; captivate ( a samsung galaxy s phone ) while being used for gps and with the screen on . .
the people on other side can hear everything clearly , even some sounds which i do n 't notice .
despite the fact that the cups are large , they seem to touch you only in the middle , and the whole affair is so loose that it becomes a balancing act to keep them in place . unfortunately there 's ai n 't much choice on the market for headphones with discreet mike that go over the head .
since the volume defaults to moderately low setting , this means you are likely to miss the first words of whatever your caller is saying which in turn means a lot of asking what did you say ? . the call control button handles at least four different functions .
but i 'd give it 2 stars because in my car ( volvo 850 ) the charger would not stay in the socket it did not snap in tightly or did not have enough friction fit . ( another review said it stuck in so tightly that you had to consider it semi permanent my experience is the opposite . ) similarly , the usb socket seems like it 's not a tight fit either .
if everywhere you would use the phone has strong signals , you may be just fine but if you are on the edge , this is not the phone for you , unless you value the non phone features more than it working as a phone . )
mine do work but then again , i have had them for only a few days .
they hear my and i hear them . . .
has had problems ( too big , too lose , too small , too painful ) . she loves these and they are easy for her to use .
these have better audio , but did n 't serve the purpose i needed them for .
i could n 't read it it was too small to read . so if want to blow a fuse in anger .
i was looking for a new portable external since my dad really wanted my old one .
that is how awesome these batteries are !
no , you wo n 't have booming bass but there is good depth that will more than fill a room and allow you to hear it from 20 feet or more at the beach .
bought this to pack in my travel bag for use in rental cars because of how small it is .
when i got to my destination i unplugged the gps to conserve power , except that the usb mini plug came apart rather than coming out . update 5 10 12 i was contacted today by andy , and the problem is in the process of being resolved .
just wish it would have lasted longer .
it 's probably in the manual but in this day age i should n 't have to read the manual to figure out how to use my phone . 4 . there are no games that come with it .
this works well in my car , but i just do n 't trust it to last a long time .
watch with wonder as your 'gift' drives them nuts , trying to re install the product over and over again , winding up in frustration as they can never get it on quite right .
and you get so many for a good price .
i had one tiny bubble from a tiny spec of dust which i removed using a piece of scotch tape .
i initially liked it but found the clarity of the people listening to me to be poor .
i purchased it because you can connect it with 2 handsets at once .
it had a bonus because it came with a belt clip too .
i 've had two plantronics that i liked , but wanted something less bulky .
bought a few to have strategically placed around the house , cars , work , and in my briefcase and luggage packing so that i do not have to hunt for a cable .
i 'm saving my last star for that feature !
i would buy again but do n 't think it adds as much protection as a case that surrounds the entire case .
i figured for the price it was to good to be true and it was !
the battery life is long and wonderful ( 10 to 16 hours ) . charge time is short .
if you 're outside in a gust , you may want to hang on to it . also , people on the other end sometimes can tell i 'm on a headset with this one they mention that i sound a little staticky . this is my first bluetooth headset , so perhaps my rating is higher just because it 's a nifty gadget .
now i got a $ 50 piece of junk that i ca n 't use
the screen protector is clearer and thicker than i expected .
but when you close the keyboard and the bluetooth connection is broken , it will not reconnect when you open the keyboard back up .
looks like i will be trying the local thrift stores and possibly pawn shops to see if they have any of the old chargers laying around .
the length is a bit awkward but it does do the job
you do n 't have to stick it permanently on any part of your car . things that do n 't bother me about it but should be noted . it does n 't stay on the cover that well . its like it could fall off if there was enough dust between it and the cover . just like any other sticky thingie , this thing can easily collect dust .
it may be a bit heavier and larger than some , but then those little tiny ones that look so chic also have terrible reviews and terrible performance ! ! try it out , you wo n 't regret it .
the cord was not what i thought it was , and it goes in and out of a charge .
i am glad to see amazon carrying both products at a greatly reduced price .
this product acctually works , unlike some product the i have purchase in the past , that i often get a 34 ; your device is not supported by this charger 34 ; somenthing like that , not this product , so is all good .
i can hear perfectly and others say thay can hear me perfectly .
third is a usb charger , i use this one the most because i plug my phone into my laptop to sync at night anyways .
took a while to receive them , turns out neither of them work . . . do n 't waste your time and money .
i tried moving things to the way everything worked the very 1st time , but no light would come on .
i have been through 4 or 5 different micro usb chargers and those two just mentioned have been the best ! ! ! ! !
i 'd give this 5 stars because it 's small ( stays out of the way in my car ) and it has a higher charging capacity than some other similar chargers .
they get ripped out of my ears and sometimes out of the phone just walking by the corner of the bed or something without paying attention . then again , i 'm a bit of a clutz so this may not apply to you . . .
very happy about the product and the purchase .
it did n 't stay connected as well as the much older 510 , sound quality was n 't as good either for me or the people i spoke to with it .
i like how chunky it is because it stays put in my ear not like the new light ones that you do n 't know if they are on your ear or not .
actually , i hope i never have to find out how great it works .
this is perfect for a long trip .
what can you say if you get a great product for a steal price ( $ 5 assuming i get my $ 20 mail in rebate ) . the voice quality is very good , and connectivity is easy as well .
i 've never had an issue like this before and am really disappointed because otherwise these are great . if you use the smaller sizes of the rubber bud that most headphones come with , you may want to think twice before buying these .
i have no issues with it at all , charges my fascinate w no issues .
sound is pretty good , but certainly ca n 't overcome the discomfort .
there are many bugs in the code right now . it has a chance to become a great phone , but wait till the first software update to see how much time effort nokia is going to put into it , right now you are best to hold off . update i returned the phone back to nokia , too many software inconsistencies , some screens you double touch ( click ) others you only touch once .
some people do not like this . the razr ( probably the silver one only ) is rumored to be coming to another us carrier very soon ( hint starts with t , ends with obile ) there will be a lot of new sharp looking phones with features superior to the razr coming out this fall .
o . k . , o . k . , i know there are numerous reviews here that warn that these headphones fail if you sweat on them , but i decided to try them anyways .
i guess that could be useful if pandora worked better on my phone , but it is much easier just to stick your mp3s on a usb stick or ipod . i 'm about ready to put it on craigslist and take my loss now . (
if you 're looking for a great windows mobile phone this is probably the best .
now i only carry one device .
i used to be a usb doubter i thought usb would n 't catch on .
wow . as far as the product goes i love it !
they worked fine when i was using them .
i do n 't have the constant problem of running low on memory i had with my 8320 . the wifi is great when i am somewhere with weak signal , or best of all on an airplane equipped with wifi .
i like it well enough that when my local phone store stopped carrying it , i went online and searched until i found one i could special order ! i have discovered recently that this headset does not work well with my new moto droid .
plug it in and recharge your ipod touch , iphone , or even your ipad !
its not enough to replace your wallet , but enough that i was able to replace my wallet with it .
this is a great screen protector if you want privacy while reading texting in public , but the drawback is you 'll have a hard time seeing the screen as well on a bright sunny day .
once too many times i found myself at work with a near dead phone .
i was excited opening the package .
i have mixed feelings about this particular case .
sheesh . okay , so now with the voyager 510 , i love it .
you do n 't buy this type of case and wine because it wont fit your dock .
i am a picky , picky person .
however , i 'm very disappointed with how poor the battery life has been .
i have a long commute to work and wish not to hold my phone .
i used the motorola h500 before and the sound clarity is not as good as the jabra bt250v .
it is very handy to have .
this is a replacement because the other one wore out .
there is a little tab on the side to help you peel it , but it simply would n 't separate the backing from the screen protector i returned these as defective even though it 's not much money it 's the principle of the thing .
universal so i can use with my i4 and i5 phones .
i bought this while i had the droid 2 and it worked great , compact to fit in my purse .
this is by far the best i have ever used .
not secure , and does not fit my htc evo 4 phone .
i will be selling my optimus v soon but will keep at least one of these extra chargers for my car as my new phone also has a micro usb charging port .
never again . . . 2 stars because it worked for a while .
disappointed at how cheap they are and doubt they were designed for newer devices .
over the several weeks i have used this headset in order not to place a smartphone next to my head , it worked better than expected .
it has lots of bugs and drives me crazy .
i 'm using it on my glalaxy tablet so that when i 'm charging i can still use the tablet with less risk of breaking off the charger .
i have been using this for a few months as a backup charger .
the mic is always strong enough to pick up my voice , and i never have complaints about people not being able to hear me .
i did n 't want to spend $ 50 on a case from the apple website to find out it would n 't work .
but does things better than the samsung .
they never produced good palm drivers so it was pretty much worthless .
you can use it in your left or right ear .
it seems to have a ton of talk time ( at least 6 hours , i would say ) . . . but the reception just plain sucks .
this cable is pretty big but the reason i give it two stars its because it works sometimes and mostly it does n 't .
i was very much attracted to this thin stylish cell phone .
it lasts all day for me .
it worked for the first week then it only charge my phone to 20 . it is a waste of money .
it 's very sturdy and can fit any phone that i put on it .
i ca n 't recommend these enough , especially at the price sold here .
waiting for my charging box and cable then i can put it to the test .
the mic was the thing i was worried about though , so i called my friend 's cell phone and talked to myself and i was pleasantly surprised with the sound volume and clarity .
i should have read the reviews better .
recently , my father wanted one and my boss gave it to him as a gift and at $ 90 in the store , it was very generous of him to do so .
i was just in the bighorn mountains on my bmw motorcycle .
i am notorious for not recharging my phone .
she can now make calls and the battery last much longer
day one i had it setup to our exchange server which was great because i have my email , contacts , and shared calendar with me at all times .
i like the fact that it is a minimalistic design .
and it does appear to be a genuine motorola product .
it 's a perfect gift since everyone uses cell phones .
bought two of these for my children 's w300i in december .
just allow it to dry completely and re apply .
and if the headphones are n 't reasonably close to the phone , or the phone 's not on the right side of my body i start hearing static . also , related to phone calls , and this is the most annoying thing of all when on the phone you can only hear out of one ear !
i highly recommend these headsets to any blackberry user .
i have been using this holster for my apple iphone 3g for almost a month .
this makes switching back and forth between your pc and phone a bit cumbersome .
once the battery dies , i use my backup headset until i charge up my favorite ! the other headsets are cheapy models i 've purchase on amazon when they were a goldbox deal , and those are also good .
this is an excellent charger and was recieved on time in a timely manner .
i love these cases but this one was a little bit to lose from the top and bottom .
it will beep once every 10 15 sec while muted . highly recommend if you spend a significa n 't amount of your day on the phone like i do !
the buttons work fine and the ports are good .
i do n 't like that as the unit is n 't anchored as solidly as it could and should be .
the case was sitting between my legs and during the trip out it slid into some water .
charge does n 't seem to last a day without any use .
no dropped calls as of yet .
so , i spend every friday in my home office , mostly on calls ( average 6 hours of calls each friday ) . for this reason , i needed a phone that had great sound quality , long battery life , and allowed me to write type while on the phone .
i bought this originally for my sprint evo 3d .
she jumped in and said she thought these sounded better than both her other sk * * * * * * y pairs . i took the money we saved and treated her to a really nice mothers day luncheon .
i was very pleased when this arrived quickly and worked perfectly .
even for long lengths of time .
you 'll never be left looking for an outlet when you 're out and about again .
so anyway i just got a new pink ipad case and decided to get these pink ones to match .
i have a beard and it does n 't touch my cheek so the mic does n 't work well with me , also it does n 't fit my ear that well .
for my personal taste it was a bit bulkier than i prefer .
i use this speaker in the bathroom while taking a shower while my 4s is in the kitchen . .
after a period of time ( 6 months or so ) the cord starts bending at a weird angle and will not charge the phone unless you hold it perfectly still ( almost impossible in a moving car ) . i have 2 of the same exact chargers and both suffered from the same defect .
its a cute item and for a good price .
the range seems pretty good about 20 ft and still good reception .
i actually bought this otter case at rei ; however , it is so awesome i am writing a short review . what i like about it is that it is relatively thin while having extra protection at the corners where needed . i 've had my for 6 7 months so far and it still looks brand new .
there is no place to find another camera .
it does exactly what its meant to do .
i need to put it up 1 2 inch .
i have not used or owned this product for an extensive amount of time yet , but so far it seems to work well .
it was very comfortable on my ear and inside the ear , and i could keep it on for hours and not even remember it was there .
that being said , i also went on a business trip to alabama and tested it on the car drive over and back ( since i did n 't take a usb car charger ) and it performed great and without fail despite being used while my phone was on navigation for at least an hour at a time .
i paired it with my computer and cell phone at the same time , both for accepting audio streams .
it is clear when people are talking to you as well as clear to them when you are talking .
this item is great for the price .
so , the next day we sent the second one for replacement . a week later two new headsets arrived .
otherwise i am sure it 's a great case .
its the charger that ships with all the sony phones so when you first open it , you think they sent you the wrong one .
i bought the wrong one , needed it for the 9350 model .
it 's very useful for the busy business person that 's always on the go .
i opened that one up and it did charge .
holding the blackberry in my hand seems to improve the reception somewhat but that defeats the purpose . this is quite disappointing since i wanted to use these when i am out running so i am back to my wired headphones .
but this is still light , compact and easy to carry around all day in your pocket just in case you need some added power to your phone or other device .
people who want itunes should buy their phones through a service provider who includes it on the phone .
a better signal you will get with this product . . but it will not help you with dropping calls .
you can even buy a case for it that you can clip on your belt .
normally , i like small but the dial pad is so small that i can barely press the keys and i 've small fingers !
so far it does what it says .
would be hard to fit my needs better . the only reason i gave this a 4 star instead of 5 is because you can really only put the phone into the case one way .
it is a good charger and does what it is supposed to do .
i think it is really wonderful engineering .
same thing if i walked outside ( note that i 'm in tx , so it 's very humid ) the ear piece would come out .
the clip is not very strong will work itself free of the belt .
the connecter does n 't like to stay in place 100 of the time .
plus bluetooth is far more expense if you are going to get a decent pair .
more attractive than the original and works just as well if not better . . . ca n 't complain at all . . . works well with my droid x
i 'm sure they are trying , but the dream of the igo is that whenever you get a new device , they will have a tip for it .
this is great for the iphone 4s . . . . if you do not put so much as a bumper on the phone .
these cables are great , when match up with the cable that came with the my iphone , they look almost exactly alike .
i ordered 2 of them and they both work fine with my ipad , iphone and ipod .
if this battery is a knock off , it is a convincing one .
it looked to be brand new .
and the price , omg ! ! update ( jan 3rd , 2009 ) some flaws i have found links that come with emails , you wo n 't be able to open them in a browser , the phone identifies them like telephone numbers and the options you will have is to call the number .
i have owned this speaker for a few years now . here 's what i like about this device * relatively low cost * very compact .
i 'm quite pleased at how much power it provides .
the charge time is also fairly short which makes it idealfor if you 're on the move and short on time .
when i received it in the mail it did not even fit my phone .
the coil cord is nice and it never gets twisted .
for the past two years i would n 't even try them , using only the anti glare covers .
highly recommend it to anyone who has a big draining phone device and drives often . )
lesson learned order 1 , check for fit , keep the packaging and return it if it does not fit because the description was wrong .
but when i 'm listening to music or a podcast , it does n 't .
either way , it does exactly what i need it to and has the same specs .
the camera is good enough for a cell phone . . .
i have n 't used to many other options on the phone except mute and conference and both are easy enough .
i primarily use this dock in my bedroom and sometimes its dark in there . . . . dark enough that i do n 't need to mess with wires and damage connectors . . etc .
my only complaint is that they came from china and it took two weeks for delivery .
the attachment is also perfect for my blackberry torch . so this is n 't just for iphone guys either .
i work in a metal building that is quite a ways from the nearest cell tower , with several hills between us and the tower .
i do n 't know why they designed it that way . . .
wow ! ! it 's bigger , i have a .
i do charge it when i get home each evening .
i use this for holding my iphone when in the car .
stay tune to more reviews , oh how i love amazon !
even though the device could support multiple devices paired to it , i only used my blackberry .
i would rate it overall 5 5 . the pro 's are it 's convenient , portable , consistent with its charging .
i love the clear sounds not to crazy like everyone else with the hook but its a deal at this price seen it at sprint for 49 . 95 so its a deal ! clear no static and the only thing i have a problem is with the volume i put people on mute ( its prob me not the bluetooth )
i never have the volume at max when i use this .
this is a very good charger to keep for travel and as a back up in your house .
i also use it in the car to keep my cell phone from sliding back and forth .
recommended to every s3 owner . .
ca n 't go wrong with the price !
i still , struggle at times , hearing the caller .
the phone is on but it will not come on .
so , after reading the reviews , i decided to give these a shot .
it 's not gaudy , i just do n 't like it .
the other two are always in my backpack .
the blue door did not fit my phone luckily i did not need it anyway . all in all , a decent buy for the money !
but i thot locking the phone in my pocket saves me a lot of battery . . .
not much to say . . . the battery life of this battery is the same as the one that 's originally included in my phone . 2011 05 5 updateforgot to mention . . .
i would buy from this seller again .
first off , the charger works just as it should and all the ports stay connected just fine . people in other reviews were complaining that the cord was too short about 2 or 3 feet and that was what i was expecting .
the motorola h790 is so light weight that i hardly can tell i am wearing it .
it kept my motorola krave out of my pocket where it could n 't be scratched by stray change and or tools .
this is a great product for those that like to move around while on the phone .
this foam tip seems quite flimsy and i have no confidence it will remain attached for very long .
additionally , i wanted to make sure my coworkers could hear me clearly , for obvious reasons .
however , be aware that it wo n 't do any good to have this cable if you also do n 't have software to take the pictures , music , etc .
see , i am one of those people who drops her iphone a lot .
the connection is bad and many times when i talk i can hear myself again , which means it echos like crazy and its not worth it to get something that will not work
if you follow the directions , you should not need the other .
get a nice screen protector and you will be far happier .
my phone sticks out a bit more than i like but no big deal .
this was under $ 5 ans does as expected
the device needs to be readjusted every so often as it does loosen after numerous miles but really not a problem
i found it to be quite comfortable , nicely sized , and easy to use .
well i have 4 friends who have the i730 , 5 friends with the i710 and one with the i860 , all from nextel , and the i710 's always have better signal compared to the i730 's .
i use them on my commute , if it 's cold out keeps my ears warm ! i would highly recommend these i own these and a pair of backbeat go2 's , for when it 's warm out .
even after careful research , i was a bit apprehensive about what the sound quality would be like with this unit .
my latest figure was 72 in a 24 hour period .
i have had this in my ownership 3 days . today went to plug in my phone to the pc and pow ! spring over there , 3 pieces of plastic broken over there . yes the wire still works but it is not retractable anymore ! this is garbage !
i believe it was too much for him .
far better than buying any crap from market .
i followed the instructions yet constantly have air bubbles .
you have to plan to use them . * i need both hands to put them on . * i do not get a connected feel in my ears .
not , depending on my location in the yard or driveway , i can get 3 4 bars !
i like this jabra earboom so much that i have purchased 6 of these so far .
no hassles and no need to fiddle around with the charger .
it could have just been me , but it should n 't be that difficult . over all , it connected to my phone ( env touch ) very easily kept the connection in spite of where i was at or what i was doing .
for starters i luv my music loud and when listening to these headphones the sound is simply mediocre .
also , the case needs to be removed if you 're going to do something like sync the phone up with your computer .
nothing will hurt my phone in this thing .
after three weeks of fairly heavy use , i have n 't had any problems .
i called my home phone several times and left test messages and what i herd when i got home and listened to the test was the audio had a distortion and a quivering quality to it like you would hear with a real cheep digital voice recorder .
i 've plugged in all my devices and all charge well .
they have never contacted me since i called them about the prolems i was having and have not even taken the time to e mail be they received my old one ( which i know they have by my shipping receipt i got back ) . my blue tooth may have been a lemon but motorola 's customer service is not up where it should be .
as soon as it arrives , you know they 've tried to create something special here .
there are just a little long but much better than another brand where it was so tight i could not answer the phone .
i purchased 6 of these for extra chargers in the car , office and home .
i 'm a small 5'2 girl and my ears are a little small i guess so they do n 't fit quite right .
i needed some usb cables for my iphone since mine were starting to come apart .
it works good and all but i wish the cord was just a little bit longer .
the sound quality is good to very good .
i never liked using belt clips anyway , so it was n 't a big deal .
overall , i would have to highly recommend this product .
it always in my bag and has taken a beating but still keeps on ticking .
i did get 7 months out of my holster before it broke .
because of the size they 're apparently not able to get a big enough battery in to make battery life acceptable .
otherwise , i think it 's nearly perfect .
nice product , great price , easy controls . i drive an '02 honda insight .
the sound is great but the voice calls are not usable , but could be just the set i have . i use it for running and the gym .
within a few days i had another case arrive in my mailbox . .
it 'd be better if it came with three .
but the bottom is also open , so battery could ( and did once ) slip through fall .
i no longer have people complain are you on your headset again ? in fact , no one can even tell .
i do n 't beat up these cables like i do for my cell phone , though i have an android phone and only bought this to charge my ipod and to hook it up in my car .
i actually do n 't even use the case unless i need to give it an extended charge .
most others are like double the price for just one .
thanks to another reviewer , i confirmed that this would work well for my original motorola droid and it definitely does .
the original was no longer available but this new trent imp70d looked great .
unfortunately , i could n 't find the charger , no matter where i looked !
other than that it was a great device .
at these prices , i am very satisfied because my mobile lifestyle demands that i have a half dozen short cords plugged in here and there .
not too worried about sound quality . well , the only thing that needed to work right was the blue tooth transmission . . . .
i 've heard the sound quality is n 't so great for music , but to be honest , my hearing is n 't sharp enough to tell where it 's lacking . my only complaints are with actual phone calls .
would definitely buy other items from eforcity , and recommend this case if you are looking for something inexpensive and really cute .
it did n 't feel stable or secure .
if only it could just work .
that is using the jabra in my office at home with no background noise .
it did n 't quite look like a new one , but it worked great and my mom ( who i bought it for ) is pleased
have n 't tested it with my ipad yet but i bet it 'll work fine .
i have so many chargers , i gave that one to my friend .
so far , i 've yet to run out of juice and i only charge it about once a month ! ( it 's probably because i turn it off when i 'm not using it . ) my wife has to charge her unit about once every 2 days . cons the body of this unit is pretty big and does n 't leave much room on your ear for sun or reading glasses .
but for the price you get a really good smart phone that has wifi and all you need to take your office in the road . .
so what i did was i popped the case screen protector and i put a screen protector .
hey for a little over a $ 1 , ca n 't beat that .
i got this cord thru amazon for a fraction of the price i usually pay for the junk at that big national store .
well this whole blackberry arrived in good condition sent him good packaging and all accessoriesthe only thing that did not bring was the memory or battery vehicleotherwise all good
it 's the best ( by far ) of a bad bunch .
bought these in aug 07 and they worked great out of the box .
but functioned well , and saved my phone from damage on a few drops .
i read a lot before buying this headset and was kind of nervous because some bad reviews i read but i must say it was worthy because this headset is really good , i can hear perfectly when using it , it does n 't hurts my ear or anything , i do n 't use it like everyday so the battery has last for almost a week so far .
if it does it could somewhat bother you , besides that , it 's light , comfy , and small !
these were really inexpensive and they work just like i wanted them to . there have been no problems so far
i agree that the volume could go higher ; however , in a quiet room it is adequate .
even if you think you 'll never need one , for the price it 's worth keeping one in the glove box for emergencies . ( do they still call them glove boxes ? )
the person sitting next to you does not hear whatever you hear , which is terrific when you have three kids in the car for a long car ride .
i like the laser pointer and used it a few times to point something out .
i have n 't had much luck charging my iphone with it , but the rest of the phones did ok .
sometimes quite painfully . i have a dull voice and this is by far the best headset i have that helps people hear me clearly ( i actually have an older version of the same headset , so i have two ) . no one complains they ca n 't hear me or do they need to turn up their volume .
two of those do n 't make it to 100 at any point , either .
great product so you can use the land line phones in your house when all you have is a cell phone .
the product does charge fast and i use it only for emergencies , because using car charger can damage the battery , but when you need a fast charge , this product will deliver
the signal was boosted well enough that we are able to use our cell phones as our primary internet .
i feel much safer on the road now .
i do not have a galaxy note , i was just looking for a really large case .
worked like a charm and gave me back my 3 day battery life that i used to love about my bb .
my g1 battery began to die quickly even with limited use so i figured i 'd get a new battery for mine as well .
this device has saved me a few times while i have been out on the trail where my phone is constantly searching for a cell signal which in turn drains my battery fast . the only issue i have with the product is the led light , not powerful enough to light up long distances so if you just need to see something close in a pinch this will work great .
the people with whom i have spoken say that i sound fine , and i am pleased with how they sound .
i know that 's a minor complaint , but it is annoying .
if you have the luxury of owning a bold , i see no purpose in not buying the proper essentials to show it off , and the convenience of charging it in style .
spend a few dollars more and get better quality .
holding up great after a couple of weeks . .
this device is designed for those who , for whatever reason , find that they cannot enjoy the iphone 's features without a more accurate tool .
everyone had trouble hearing me on it , saying it was static and scratchy .
other two are on early model cars .
i love it fits phone perfectly i purchase more to have in stock just in case thewife looses or breaks ( he is so rough on cases i purchase a second one
great tool for a lot of little projects .
they know 99 of the time you wont return it , because it only costs a buck or two .
i have found that i have to be right by the base power part i mean within a foot .
works perfectly and highly recommend to any blackberry user .
this is my third bluetooth device since 04 and i'l admit that i 've been cheap when it came to these devices .
my palm tx will only stay on at 1 3 minute intervals so the only thing i do n 't like about this combination is that i have to keep hitting a key once in a while so my palm does n 't shut off .
i 've had these for a few years now and they work fantastic .
helps my phone alot i almost put a scratch in it but the screen protected saved my ipod touch and im happy theres 3
we bought this sim card to put in my mother 's in law snaphone which we are sending to michigan , we needed a passcode to establish an account on line , to refill the sim card , well that silly thing , it seemed like rocket science for these people , it was impossible . my husband spent an hour on th e phone , explaining to this robot , the whole situation , but mr .
the screen and camera are much better than the 8320 . i would recommend this blackberry to everyone . the only thing i find annoying is the charger .
the case is very tight at first , because it is leather , but will stretch slightly .
the fit is snug and comfortable and does not shift around .
any turn of the head and it would be hanging there in space .
i miss this , and actually would prefer it to my sprint galaxy s3 , which had miserable battery life .
the styling is interesting and futuristic .
this thing can be a lifesaver just do n 't expect it to carry you through a cross country trip with a full charge on your phone .
i read the reviews to see if anyone tried it with an s3 and i saw quite a few positive reviews .
it would be nice to be able to read an email while leaving it in the cradle but its not a big deal for me .
the right angle connector is again a plus but feels that it sticks out farther than i 'm accustomed to .
i wish they made this exact case for every phone .
if you can even get the phone to recognize the cord , it takes something like 12 to 16 hours to fully charge .
i 'm not about to put it in my car because talking on the phone and driving can be a deadly combination .
great product , great price , would recommend to buy this product is as advertized and great quality , you will not regret purchasing this charger . . . . . .
just what i needed for my new blackberry storm 2 . its little big but it keeps it secure on my belt . update feb . 7 , 2012still a great product , just make sure it is not upside down . there were a couple of times my phone drop out of the holster .
this is great i would buy this again very good price came quickly the price was right works great easy to take with you on the go
my husband who is a truck driver said he could n 't hear through it over the noise of the truck , but i can use it and hear through it in my car just fine .
you may be able to run over it without destroying your iphone but you 'll never get used to the shortcomings this case presents you with .
select to lock the keypad and that way you do n 't have to worry about battery draining when in your pocket . . .
have only had a couple of times where it decided to tangle up a touch when recoiling , but with almost no effort was able to pull back out and start over , coiling up properly like does all the other times .
if you like a clear picture though its for you
now is this a negative review no , because all in all i love the quality , the look and the price .
you could absolutely do better elsewhere . oh yea , after a while of frequent use , it began to split .
my wife even flipped her kayak and that was the true test , we righted it and checked the phone , dry as can be . i recommend these , i do wish there was some padding these came with as the phones do bang around inside a bit .
what more can you ask for .
i 've used this case for about a month now , and so far no problems with the case slipping off or anything like that .
this product worked great , and the price was excellent .
even with insurance it is still costly to replace and inconvenient to be down a few days especially around a holiday ! the otterbox is the best of the best when it comes to protecting my s5 . it 's a bit thicker and heftier than most cases , however it still conveniently slips into a leather belt holster i bought .
i would recommend the purchase of this item as local stores wanted three to four times the price for the same thing !
i figured i messed up and accidentally turned the power strip off or something .
the sound is clear and its easy answer is a must especially for anyone who uses their cell in the car .
great sound quality and easy to use though ; i 'll keep them for use around the house or at the office )
i have 3 nextel motorola phones that use this type of plug and have not had any trouble with it .
it works great i like i can charge two thing at the same now i do n 't have to wait for my to finish charging her phone
the comfort is great and so is the clarity .
this one is n 't i put it on in the morning and pretty much forget that it is there the rest of the day . ok the one flaw with this headset is the power button .
this battery was way better than the stock one that was given .
everything was alright i guess the shipping was on time and boxing and everything was all good its just that when the headset is putted into r hear there that strange feeling in ur ear saying i do n 't like the comfort . . . . . . but its all good to have it around though good luck all
this is a very nice and good phone but it coukd be better , it does n 't charge thru the usb for instance .
still looking for a better case . as an aside , i have now purchased 3 different frogz products , and each one has been total crap .
if you handle the phone , the plug works its way out within two or three minutes .
awesome bang for the buck if you are still using these old blackberry pearls !
it has n 't a very good noise cancellation and its clarity is n 't a great new .
i hate anything apple makes , especially the iphone ! cons sound could be a bit louder you need to charge everyday , it last for about 2 2 . 5 hrs of straight listening bit pricey
i was looking for short cables to charge my smart phone in my truck and house without having to wrap up an extra couple feet of excess .
great and works fine with my iphone and ipad .
the applications are good enough for a business person ( at least to me , being a graduate student ) . although the 3g is missing , i never use it hence does not effect me . research studies shows that radiation from 9700 is way higher than 8900 and may pose a health hazard ( . . . ) . good that i made this choice !
i have a jawbone icon hd for talking to others , so this is n 't a big deal to me , except when people call me in mid workout . overall they are a nice set to have , just be aware of the issues you may get when biking or running .
it 's so very rare you find a product that does a great job at what it claims to do .
as a result , i moved onto htc for good unlocked service at a slightly higher price .
this are some amazing speakers for the price .
before i would use my phone and the minute i would answer it it would start beeping that it needed to be charged .
i had to take the phone to a repair place so they replaced for me .
was looking forward to using the case with my phone .
once it was working i will have to say that it is very comfortable for me and the sound quality is good .
i wear glasses and i think that 's most of the issue there .
but for the price it is very good .
the much lower price made this plan easier , giving me plenty of time to consider the next generation of razr .
it was so stretched out it was as if it was made for another phone .
good thing seller gave me a refund thou . )
i 'm so happy with the design , but i 'm so concerned that the symbian os is n 't so develop like others , but the multitasking feature is what ended taking my final decision .
however , if you are looking for a solid backup , this will do .
as a result , you do n 't have to trash your old chargers as long as the voltage wattage output are compatable with the newer phone ! just plug in , and you 're done .
overall , i have no complaints about this product itself .
my smartphone said when i plugged it in that this doesnt work with it and its would be slow to charge .
kept saying it was n 't compatiable the device .
and even though it is one of the smaller wireless units , it 's still heavy after wearing it for a few hours .
sometimes the wrong unit will respond to the orders , most of the reviews i 've read say as much .
i have used it in all types of conditions , walking in noisy urban areas , driving , etc .
when i used more pressure , the cable disintegrated , and we had a situation where the raw wires were coming out ( see one of the pictures in the description ) . i was worried about getting electrocuted and what not , but i eventually got the connector out of the phone using pliers . second cable , same thing .
i can hear the other party without problems and they can hear me .
the item looks awesome when illuminated but the connector needs to be manipulated when i insert it into my galaxy s4 otherwise the phone does not recognize it .
but this does n 't address the design flaw the spring clip attachment is so brittle that it will break again after a few weeks .
so did the 510 but not as often as the pro .
i replaced with a 350 due to budget , i wanted to get a 655 but we 'll see how this does .
i then hooked it up to my ipad 2 which charged overnight and left my pad from 8 to 82 in 7 . 5 hours .
it took several messages where they asked for a serial number .
the battery charge just does n 't last long enough .
might be good for other people , but it did n 't work for me .
i was thinking for the price they would be not so good quality .
how people can claim this protects something is beyond me .
it will take forever to charge your phones and other . .
to bad have to find something else
i can hear the other party quite clearly and have had no complaints going in the other direction . the hs850 that i got from amazon came with a charger and minimal instructions , but i had no issues .
i do n 't like to use them when i 'm playing games because they do n 't slide well at all but for anything else they are great .
i wish it was a little bigger , thus my 4 star rating .
i have n 't had any issues what so ever with this cable .
i have the grey htc one , wanted to see its color , and did n 't want a case as large as say an otterbox .
the battery , which replaced my 2 year old original one , works well so far after about one and half months .
amazon gave me a gift card for a refund .
it has lasted longer than a lot of more expensive one 's .
it seems somewhat unstable , so i 'm not sure i 'd actually keep it on my belt .
for the money , it was pricey for just one and i wo n 't buy again .
makes usage a little annoying sometimes . overall , close to as good as it gets except for the stated annoyances .
they were cheap in price and cheap in quality .
but this is a really nice case .
over the past 12 years , every new tom tom i bought used the mini usb , until now !
it was so loose on my phone that it fell off and was lost forever !
i bought 4 of them so i could charge my phone everywhere without having to remember to take a cable with me .
fell out of my ear for the first time in public and now all i 'm left with is a shiny silver case and a bunch of junk
if it felt more substantial and lasted a bit longer i would rate this unit 5 stars .
of course the return period ended after 30 days , so i guess i 'm out of luck .
invest in other type of chargers here .
i have n 't really faced this with other headsets , but i kept getting small shocks in my ears when i wore these during the winter with the cord rubbing on the clothes . i guess one can try getting some earbud cushions , but i am skeptical about the same .
i 'm tempted to get a smaller and easier to use one .
good item , but . . . . . the sound could be better . . . u get what u pay for ! ! $ 8 . 00 for this as opposed to minimum $ 130 for a cheap cd installed in the dash . well worth the couple of $ $ $
when i use the google navigation , the battery can still get charged even though it 's a little bit slower than not using the navigation .
great purchase at just over $ 40 ! ! update 8 5 2009 just stopped working , with no warning .
since i have very small ears , i did n 't hold out much hope , but i found these !
maybe i just got a dud .
it is a really stupid design , but in the company of other really terrible products , its probably one of the better ones .
road warriors with a lot of gear need one of these .
the i710 consistently gets better signal the the i730 no matter which of my friends phones i compare it too .
sure , it 's small and light but is just big enough and oddly shaped enough that it would be uncomfortable to throw into your pocket .
if you have this phone i would just stick with the basic charger .
the design is even more vivid than expected .
i will update this if things change .
my only regret is that i wish product was slightly smaller in physical size , but considering the large capacity i not sure that could be done .
works great and continues to function well , a must have if you have motorola 9 34 ; tablet in case .
the case did not fit my phone ; was a tad too small .
just how i would 've wanted it . if you are n 't prone to dropping your phone , this case is perfect .
they seem to have gotten cheap on the ear pieces now as they are proned to breaking easily or getting caught on something in your pocket and getting flung out of it , which i have done before .
my husband is a plumber construction worker and farmer and after using a defender case on his last phone for 2 yrs , when we removed it the phone still looked like brand new , despite its constant abuse over the yrs .
the battery cover is securely attached and will not come off with the battery if you drop it . ( has 2 latches on either side u have to press to release ) so thats kinda cool too . ( tho u should n 't be dropping phones lol ) my only gripe with this phone is that it does not have threaded messaging .
even more so when i 'm wearing shorts .
we live way out in the sticks and are probably 3 5 miles ( as the crow flies ) from the cell tower .
i did n 't track battery life too closely but it seemed about in line with the specs .
i tested his product and plugged in both an iphone and an ipad that had each 15 battery life remaining .
it is always good to have extra cables and at the price it is well worth it to order extras for car , work and home .
these boxes are tough durable and most of all indistructable .
the build quality is good and does n 't feel cheap .
there 's not much difference in the price of these two , but to me the plantronics 510 is money much better spent . the only way you 'll know which works best for you is to take the plunge and try one out .
on the plus side , it does seem to connect to my iphone quickly , and the signal seems pretty stable . all in all , it is nice . . . but misses in a few ways . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * update after 3 weeks , i returned this to amazon .
so , this is definitely a great investment for it .
when just charging on a normal day it does so pretty quick .
this cable is perfect . it does it all , is durable , thin , and long , all while being amazingly cheap . i ordered several of these for all the devices i own .
it was an extremely pleasant experience !
i do accept the fact that the battery life on the n75 is not as great as any other nokia phone . . .
i can leave my girl 's house at 15 battery by the time i 'm home it has 80 charge .
no worse than most of the ones i 've tried , but definitely not as good as my favorite , the plantronics voyager 510 . if you 've got a noisy environment , this one probably wo n 't satisfy .
overall the item is really portableand the design is very slick .
naked 4s only . 18 and older .
i suspect this is more a problem with my car , in that the visor bounces more and is slippery , than with the speakerphone , but it stillwent back .
i use these for a home based business and they get a years worth of abuse in a month .
it 's durable and gives me the peace of mind that the phone is n 't going to slip out of my hands .
this has nothing to do w the product itself , but if u use this for your phone , ipod it 's hot outside u have this on ur dashboard . . .
they are great , easy to use and very convinient .
this was very easy to install and use , and the carrying bag is a nice touch however i 'm not sure that my reception is being boosted .
however , it is not capable of charging either of my android phones ( galaxy sii , galaxy nexus ) more than 35 and gets extraordinarily hot in the process .
i am really disappointed they do not make a otterbox case for my new phone , the mytouch4g .
i use it on my bedside table and place my iphone in it and use the phone as an alarm clock .
only oddity is when 1st plugging in , the red led may come on and then goes out after 30 seconds must be 1st surge .
i only need it to be 15 34 ; feet away but better a longer cable just in case .
i tried cleaning the mic but it did n 't help .
when a company releases a product this poor it makes me question it as a whole .
i do not recommend this case as it will also start to loosen over time .
the first was was clearly better material and design .
based on my experience , i am comfortable saying that for the price , you will be very happy with the blue ant .
i hear that by oct . 2010 ( in europe at least ) all cell phone will have a universal mini usb charging port you should be able to charge them thru your computer and you 'll never will have to throw your old charger away , just because you got a new phone !
do n 't both buying for the samsung s3 . snail pace charging .
will purchase again as soon i 'm done with the 5 pack .
i do n 't have to hold anything with my hand to get the conversation through .
or , i can carry it in a pocket , especially if i am wearing a sports coat or jacket .
the sound is clear and everyone says that i sound fine .
this truly is about the worst product i have ever purchased .
it takes the guesswork out for me , so i know without a doubt my phone is charging .
these batteries have worked really great , no problems .
however , it is too bulky to fit in the small purse she carries , so , now it sits mostly unused in her car .
overall , i think that it 's a safe investment in a mobile phone .
do n 't even work i hate this product it stop workin after 10mins ill never buy from this company again worst money spent its do n 't cost a lot for a good reason cause it beyond cheap
you can attach this to your belt and have the headset plugged in at the same time .
i am using it to connect my computer audio to my tv so i can stream shows to my tv .
my one complaint is that even though it has a hard shell which protects my bluetooth from damage , it can be squeezed and sometimes my bluetooth gets turned on while in it .
bottom line , wearing them while working out probably is n 't a good idea but for everyday use they are champs , they take a lot of abuse and keep on going but they seem deathly afraid of sweat )
out of the 5 chargers i gnly 2 of them were working i was really dissapointed and upset that they did n 't work ) ;
i was expecting something bulky and heavy .
it seems to work well enough though sometimes it does n 't seem to make any difference whether it 's on or not .
i do n 't see how wilson can get away with selling worthless junk antennas like this , they must get a lot of consumer fraud complaints .
people claim to hear me just fine .
they work just fine but i have purchased about twenty of these , ten at a time , and they work . i gave them only three star as they seems to wear even faster than apples .
it pairs quite nicely with my motorola i880 that was assigned by my employer .
so maybe it 's like 1950 again in terms of the audio quality too .
be aware of this product . it 's not real samsung product .
they came rather quickly , about 2 weeks total from china .
the clip is strong and it stays put .
buying one for my brother in law for christmas !
it 's not too bulky , at least not more than a holster should be .
i do n 't know when the person received their order who said that the product did n 't have split rings but i received mine in aug . 2013 and they did have split rings .
with the phone more than a few feet from your head people on the other end will hear static .
but once that was working ok i loved the bluetooth .
an easy way to get it caught on something and do damage .
these cords are great quality for a really cheap price compared to the stores so now i have one for every room , car , office , computer , etc .
it hurts your ear so bad that you will have to take it out often .
you only get the digitizer and the glass on it ( just like on the pics ) so do n 't expect too much .
a lot of chargers that claim to work with my daughter 's phone , an lg optimus , do n 't actually work with it but this one does !
it was rather cheap , i ended up giving it away because it was cheaply made !
i would definitely recommend these for anyone who goes through screen covers often .
this is one of the best purchases i 've made on line .
overall , the case feels a bit cheap but it certainly does the job .
so if your case is tight like mine around the cord then you have to file down the sides so it will fit .
the unit i received contained no instructions ; no problem go online to company site to get them .
it 's bulky but , un stylish vs buying a new phone cause it was not protected .
i used it during some of the charging time so , i might have been able to get more out of it had the phone been off .
very poor workmanship , very cheap materials . do n 't buy this ! ! ! as others have said and i agree it has no longevity .
you really ca n 't write small or neatly .
okay so the reason i got these was because i have an otter box on and the case wo n 't fit with the auxiliary cord but this definitely solved the problem .
in most cases , one would be wearing this unit , so the audible ringing can be heard why would you need it to vibrate ? ? ? i truly advise against buying this unit .
awsome works as expected and sound is just as good as out of my ipod . . .
i do n 't have to carry a separate cable ( with a differ plug ) . plus you still have 2 usb ports to use for other devices if you need ( help a friend out maybe ? ) i 'm able to get 2 to 3 charges of my phone ( galaxy nexus ) out of it .
for under $ 3 i should probably give it 5 stars , but the quality is n 't quite 5 stars .
but do n 't fit well the iphone . was a mistake .
after 2 days i had 1 hour of battery life .
and i bought two , to have in case the bt ran down . . . .
after i broke the original clip by accident i found this one on amazon for $ 15 . 00 so i got it .
i had to spend a lot of extra money on custom ear molds but now i am very happy .
most of the time the phone wo n 't synch with the charger , but when i do get that little sound that means it 's synching , it wo n 't charge . what a waste are we expected to just buy a new one of these every few months ?
of course , this is what you get for $ 8 . 00 ( cost plus shipping ) i suppose , but you need to think twice before purchase if you want your $ 200 or $ 500 phone ( depending on contract or not ) scratched in days . by the way , there is not a single thing rubber about this .
the drop protection is the best , it comes with a belt clip capable of harnessing the bulky case , and i think it 's definitely worth the extra few dollars you 'd pay over competing products .
im not a fan . . . i run outside it always falls down , i ca n 't wear it with my sunglasses . . . it does work great as far as the bluetooth the sound all work correctly
the day that they arrive , my son came to me needed yet another charger .
i use them all the time , i watch netflix on my ipad around the house cleaning , washing the dishes or whereever , and when i do n 't want to make alot of noise .
i was surprised that i did n 't even have to download drivers , it worked once i simply paired it . not having number dedicated keys was a sacrifice but i can type memos , emails or simply work on a novel at anytime conveniently by having this portable keyboard .
they had to be forced inside the phone connector which made me cringe every time .
avoid . they need to better shield this !
she had used it since valentine 's day ( her birthday ) , and two or three days ago 6 13 13 , it just quit working .
the product by itself is very fine !
the only thing i do n 't like is that it doest charge two iphones at the same time , i do n 't know why but it jumps between two devices and not charging them properly .
the size was small and it is very light .
took a while to arrive but worth the wait . thanks !
also it does not take too long to put on once you get the hang of it .
my phone is easy to put in and get out when i want it out , but remains secure when i do n 't need it . the only problem i had is with the belt clip .
i bought this because it was inexpensive , but it just did n 't work quite the same as the old one .
little pricey but well worth the money .
i do n 't need an mp3 player anymore ! to reiterate , find the phone unlocked if you can .
so if you happen to like using a stylus from time to time as i do , it 's worth the small price .
cell phones without reception are kinda pointless and in bad weather un nerving . . . . . . . . .
i contacted seller and they thought i should try to get it to work .
actually , i bought six of these so it would be more correct to say that 34 ; they 34 ; charged my phone . why would i get six ?
this cord is great to have around as a back up .
that 's fine for work , because i would n 't be hooking my phone up there anyway , but i do wish i could find a good wall charger that had full functionality .
it has the logo and everything to appear legit , though not sure if it is at that price .
the best part would be is i used my phone as an alarm clock or watched movies on my phone .
i got this for when i do webex sessions .
i gave this product 5 stars because it is the best i have found .
i purchased this after reading the positive reviews .
i have bought these several times and they are the greatest of all the screen protectors i 've used .
upon receiving item , i immediately activated it but to find out it can only be used on speaker phone .
he was leaving for a 12 hour flight .
but for the price it is not bad .
so when i heard from my friend about his jawbone , and i heard him use it while in the car , and how it sounded better than his actual phone , i realized i needed to change . everything about this headset is great , except everyone wishes it was n 't so bulky .
in fact , i can still use the case , though will probably replace it for cosmetic appearances . five stars for working well ; my dog put it to the test .
i do n 't know why it drains so quickly or with what seems to be random speeds , but it is extremely frustrating .
this will be useful to somebody with a large purse that they keep losing their headset in you 'll find this puppy ! so i 'm still looking for something to keep my bluetooth headset in when i 'm not using it but want it with me for quick access .
the fun will wear off pretty soon , but by then you will have gotten your money 's worth out of it .
my biggest question was , does it actually work ? . the answer is a resounding yes . this is a very well designed product that makes me wonder why i bothered fiddling with a micro usb plug every day to charge my phone for as long as i did .
a truely great item to have when your phone needs protection .
you can use this to charge your phone with your laptop pc .
if only i can find the seller again . . . . lol
i purchased this product because it seemed like it would be very useful to have around and it is !
i could go on and on about the design of this bluetooth , but why , , , just let it die .
i upgraded to an iphone a few months ago and i still use my bold as a clock with the charging dock .
good stuff n gr8 deal ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i bought this item because i needed something to use when it 's cold outside .
good case but it is flimsy and stretched out over time .
do not spend 30 bucks and get the microsoft one .
once again amazon is perfect for selling something that you need for a price that wo n 't brake the bank .
it is very cool to have all my contacts , all my appointments and todo items on my phone .
the v1 works like a charm ! the only black spot was the time i had to wait to get the product almost two weeks in amazon !
no problems so far and small size is ideal .
i wrote the seller and was assured he would exchange it for another .
it 's worth about the dollar i paid for it !
i had a couple dropped calls from within the city and i know that this ibooster was doing its job . if you live out in a rural area and signal is a major issue , the ibooster is going to be a godsend .
i have been protecting the screen of my bb curve for the past 3 yrs .
i like the fact that amazon guarantees a genuine motorola product if you buy direct from them , and it was even more of a bargain with no tax and free shipping !
this is a great product that protects my ipod touch .
this one is the most comfortable and has great sound .
did i get what i paid for ( namely , a very cheap cable ) ? yes .
great for connecting my pc to my tv .
wow , i wish i could write reviews for a living would n 't that be nice ?
it took me a few applications before i got good at it .
i paired it with the droid incredible ( htc ) and the sound is clear and crisp , both indoors and out .
it charged my phone extremely fast and i could not have asked for a better product .
i am very satisfied with this power pack .
slightly on the quiet side , not bad .
i was pleased when i first tried it on and found that it went right into my ear for a perfect fit .
i could not have asked for more . great purchase !
the battery never seems to run down .
if you have a samsung galaxy note 2 , s3 or s4 , this is a phenomenal case .
i wanted to use this as a pick up my phone and my car keys and go arrangement .
if you have any type of a case this will not work for you .
which defeats my needs ( travel needs ) for the case .
that 's why i bought this cord . think it may have a faulty wire ?
the only reason i would only go 4 stars for this is that it is still a somewhat bulky geekey device and i have to turn the volume up with each call .
but since you can quickly disconnect it to use it as a flashlight thats an extremely minor complaint . my friend 's iphone got wet ( a wine bottle broke in her purse containing the phone ) and experienced some kind of a battery short where the battery could no longer hold a charge .
because they would n 't stay on . . (
i do not anything else to say but they require all these words to meet their standard response i suppose .
the quality is good and the shipping is quick .
what i mean by that is that when your on the phone , the other party hears an echo .
so now thanks to this stylus i can add whatever information is necessary more quickly and accurately .
i have had this case on my phone for 3 months now .
cheap enough i do n 't care , not worth the shipping to return .
though i wish they had provided a usb cable so i would not have to carry an another charger on the road .
did not fit correctly for my samsung s4 ( at t ) . i guess i got what i paid for .
i wear it most of the day , on project sites , while driving , even at home .
overall it gets a 5 out of 5 from me .
this battery is an excellent replacement for the original battery .
i work in a mechanic shop and am constantly dropping my phone and bumping it in to random stuff . .
bought this for my iphone 3gs for use on the golf course . i 've had a couple of drops , but it protected my iphone without any problems .
when i purchased this product , i thought i was ordering for an iphone 4 . so now i have all these screen protectors i ca n 't use .
it charges her phone completely in less than 2 hours , so i 'd say it 's a success .
the one thing i do have to complain about is the lack of instructions lol .
i ordered a backup battery for my htc t mobile g1 from ccmaccessories and the battery is identical to the original that came with my phone .
this is just as shown and described in the picture , it 's a great product , love the color , that 's what caught my eye , bright !
dumb design . 2 ) i activate pairing on the device each time i want to switch from my work blackberry to my personal palm phone .
there is nothing too special about this product .
you get way more than what you pay for .
mom is about 3 generations behind on iphones ( 3gs ) , but she loved this case i bought her .
i thought i was buying a charger only .
had a nokia 3650 , awsome , even worked ok in my basement , next a moto v330 , barely worked upstairs , just bought 2 of these t809 's and they wo n 't even recieve good enough to let me setup my voice mail in my livingroom .
does the job , but is a little bulky and so far i have n 't had any problems with it chargering
do n 't buy this cheap ugly product !
however after a couple weeks i can tell its not . first i ordered this product and received it the next day , thats impressive since its from a third party shipper not amazon . the the way its made did n 't work well for me .
this is a must have for the gym and for people who work live in the city and walk everywhere and need wireless freedom from their headphones .
this is a beautiful device ; small , convenient .
i doped it when it would not work at all .
i find myself putting my headsets in my pocket , so a case is a real plus .
resetting and reconnecting did n 't do any good .
the second one i got ( the first was missing parts ) came apart when i tried to unplug it from the charging cable .
i have been using this for my tablet , and 2 slrs and it work perfectly .
i reccommend it for use with the iphone
i purchased a plantronics ct12 8 years ago .
i also have a slight advantage of having the sending antenna ( as it relates to the phone kinda sorta ) on top of my motorhome so that helps i am sure .
the frame is solid and durable .
were it not for amazon i would have given up after the first doa .
this was the same thing , but really cheap .
good price for what you get and so far ( 3 days ) it has n 't broken or dropped the phone .
you really do get what you pay for , do n 't you ?
when i plugged it into my computer , the whole computer turned off .
when i got the 3gs and the juice pac air came out , i got one right away .
i use it only when i drive and i have used the voice dial and it works perfectly .
i tried to get an ebook reader for a razr and all i could find were sites that basically make you compile a jar file and unlock your phone to transfer it . . .
when i plugged the first one in to my iphone 4 , the connection was very snug .
some cases , with stands , have hinges and parts that sick out .
thanks again amazon . com for providing me another great product at such a great price .
it was frustrating not being able to always hear the phone and i did n 't want to keep moving it all the time .
at the time , my ipad was at 70 and this wonderful little charger brought it to 100 in 1 hour and 38 minutes .
none of the cars is a very silent one and i have had no issues even on highways . buttons are pretty straightforward to use .
i purchased these in december of 2008 , and in march of 2011 they still work like a charm .
why throw away the old one if it still works great .
considering the low price , even if it does n 't last long , it 's a decent deal .
you may have a bad unit .
so now it sits in a drawer collecting dust !
unless you ear is exactly on a random sweet spot' good luck hearing in anyhintg but the quietest environments .
the whole thing is put together with perhaps 20 cents worth of stuff and they have the gall to charge $ 15 or more for it . so to the function it take a great deal more effort to effect the screen than your finger alone .
i bought this recently so that i could have my phone sitting upright on my desk at work .
the battery lasts a long time , which is one reason i just forget to charge it .
however , a benefit of this unit is that it 's small and light .
this is probably one of the most interesting tools i have ever bought .
but there is no improvement on any of the calling features . so if you are getting the phone free after the rebates you can buy it , else it is not worth the $ 200 .
i am upgrading the rating to 4 star from 1 .
it lets you know when you have made a successful connection .
i could n 't even tell that she was driving in the car .
these screen protectors are just as good or better than the more expensive ones you can buy at the apple store .
this is not enough for most smartphones today .
the seller did a wonderful job getting the product to me in a timely manner and i love the pouch but the zipper broke pretty quickly .
i will definitely keep this brand in mind in the future .
but we 're talking sometimes it takes 10 seconds of fiddling to get it over my ear just right .
i still have an employee that wo n 't ditch his original motorola razr v3 flip phone !
the 2nd test , i was in a flight to milwaukee .
this is an excellent product , works great , charges very quick , and lasts a long time .
must have if gonna spend a long time with your headset .
do n 't know what i would do without this case love love love it .
i really like the small , compact , size of this device .
i always ask the individual how i sound , because they always sound great to me .
when i opened it up ( i 'm an electrical engineer . . .
with my old motorola headsets , people complained that they could n 't hear me .
it worked for a couple months then just up and stopped charging my phone .
or in my case while i am in my kitchen , a wall away from my car in the attached garage . 7 . yes , all my friends cannot believe that i 'm using a speaker phone the noise cancellation works great . once you learn to handle these little things , you 'll find that this is a great little gadget for a great price . deleting my first review ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
i bought these screen protectors to cut down and use on a sansa clip mp3 player , so i ca n 't speak to how well they fit on an iphone as they are intended to be used , but they worked great for my purposes .
i needed seven more words to complete this review .
so this is an awesome phone , the curve just is , but the seller made that possible .
of course your phone wo n 't stay on at 90degrees vertical , but from the testing i 've done , it works great up to and over 45 degrees .
i 've had it for three months now and it works great .
now i do n 't have to carry my charger with me everywhere i go !
both of these products combined really make for an almost indestructible phone !
its not to much to say except that its a charger . its small black its a charger but i could not useit for my phone but it worked for my tablet
it also makes it possible to cut down on the amount of time it is on my ear . . . . and reduce the amount of emf to which i am exposed .
i bought two kinds and this was by far the flimsier of the two .
everything worked and i did use the power just to make sure i could charge off of it if i wanted to .
they are a little too bright , and not really all that useful .
i have an iphone 4 and it does not fit .
it will last about a year before it stops working and falls apart .
i had no idea i needed to buy a separate receiver for it to work .
one lasted longer , but the connection became loose , and if not in the exact spot , it wont work .
i only ran if for about 4 hours on some rechargeable batteries so i ca n 't say how long it will last , but it did n 't give any sighs of pooping out .
there is n 't much to say about this case , just snap it together .
this design puts the speaker in my ear so that i can hear excellent but the thing is n 't jammed in my ear .
but i was n 't able to check that the model would not neither stay inside my ear , nor hold on it .
the sound quality is very good , the headset is very comfortable , and people can actually understand me , regardless of whether i 'm in a car , a hotel room , or walking down the street .
have one at each computer in the office .
the highlights for me were the excellent battery life and the fact that it has just about every feature you could want in a pda phone .
the cable is a little bit longer than the picture , but the ends are the exact same and it does just what you want this to do .
so for the actual function it is 5stars .
since this one still works , i have the other two to fall back on when this one finally goes out .
it works great for me on my razr v3m cell phone . when i received the battery , i 've charged the battery for a good 3 4 hours while the phone was turned off and with phone mostly in standby , it has only dropped to 1 bars in 5 days .
i 'd happily pay $ 2 more for a second protector in the pack in case i mess up installation on the first one .
which buy the way is sold separately .
it should be more subtle , muted . overall , the case is everything i was looking for in a simple , elegant , smooth case . update in december , 2010 , i accidentally broke this case by trying to remove my iphone .
so as far as the cover goes , it was what i had expected .
and you get 10 pieces for a cheap price .
all around this thing does a great job .
my phone was kept safe for the first 8 months with this case and it is still good to use .
this item arrived as expected and was a perfect replacement for my broken charger .
i left it plugged in over night and the battery never charged up .
has been working fine for several months .
research has never proved any connection between using wireless or bluetooth and the impact on your nerves brain , and i have to believe them . . . it 's weird though that i get always get a tingling , achy sensation if i use a cell phone continuously for more than an hour but with the bluetooth i get the same sensation in about 20 minutes .
this is a great external battery to have and is convenient to have when you need a little extra juice . i 've had other batteries , but one thing i love about this one is its size .
after 6 months of continuous use , i can tell you the following 1 ) i get more compliments on this case than on any case i 've ever had for any phone .
note , however , that i have a large head , and the unit is not adjustable like that would have been difficult to design in . additionally , and i knew this before purchasing by reading other reviews , you cannot carry your phone in your front pocket while using these outside .
i carry a large battery with a usb port on it to recharge my stuff , and have no access to an ac plug for most of the day .
i do n 't want to have to learn which screen do what and change my habits depending on the application menu i 'm on .
it can only be used in the newer style .
owned for more than 1 year , excellent range and battery life * * * *
when i received it , i was more than happy with the product .
did not last long stopped working after a month not very happy probably wo n 't recommend . . .
i still have two small bubbles i ca n 't push out from underneath . and this is probably the biggest problem the plastic film is so cheap that it has a rainbow effect ; if you look at it from most angles , you will see the rainbow unevenness going across horizontally .
they work great , they do n 't heat at all like most people say , and it is a great purchase .
they were new in appearance and we did charge them with the phones off for 12 hours prior to the first use .
high quality product , i 've used it dozens of times charges now and it 's still going strong . . . .
i have not tried all the various functions of this phone , but it seems to work for everything i need it to do .
i purchased this product with some skepticism due to the low price .
if it broke , there would be no way that thing would stay on my ear .
buyer beware . note the connector did fit into the iphone even with the case on , which was why i purchased it to begin with .
i can talk for over 5 continuous hours on this headset ( never tried longer ) . however , my motorola hs820 is more comfortable and my callers understand me better .
nice packaging too by the way .
a little over doing it there .
this one fits ( correct length and size ) for what i needed .
the description now represents that accurately , but did not at the time i ordered it .
used to have a nokia hdw 3 but the battery died and unable to find a cheap replacement battery . pros the unit is solidly made and easy to setup .
this product is great for an office environment where you do n 't want to disturb others .
you purchase a unit for extended battery life and if you purchase this for 3gs you will be disappointed .
so , i have not used it to transfer data yet , as it it plugged into my pc at work just for charging .
i purchased mine for about 60 less than that and still feel this speaker is an inferior value .
it is only a matter of time .
lots of little scratches on the case , but that is to be expected .
however on day two of ownership my lcd screen will not come on .
the cable fits perfectly in the case and the vendor send me a special that i did not know about and i am greatly appreciative of that .
pairing take about 45 seconds w o any problems .
i can hear people on it fine but have had nothing but complaints from friends .
if you are in the market for a smartphone that works get a blackberry unlike a palm treo you wont be disapointed .
i 've dropped it many times and the only thing i 've had to do is to make sure the battery was still making a good contact . it gets sluggish weird if the memory is full of texts , music , or pictures or if the call logs are really long .
my behold ii phone has a barely big enough space .
i have gone thru a lot of windshield holders for phones gps and this was not what i expected .
now i love it very much this is what i wanted but the only thing that i did not realized was how short it was , so is very important to read carefully what you 're buying , it come in different sizes from u2 the shortest to u9 the longest !
it actually is longer than the stock one which is nice since those ones are so short .
works flawlessly . i have only had the mount for a few days but it is better than anticipated .
i just needed an emergency cord to keep at home .
this is by far the most comfortable and easiest to use .
i ended up purchasing this one over other skins .
that 's all one can really expect based on the price .
otherwise the case was quite functional .
what i did n 't notice at the time was that a couple of grains of sand got into the case .
i kept both and am using the cradle from this product with the kensington mount .
one for work and one to keep in the car incase i ever travel and forget my charger .
further , they were were after me for the $ 2 . 40 before i even got back from the 8 day trip . ( emails when i got home were already in my inbox ) its not the money , its the principle , i do n 't like disingenuous companies .
if you 're looking for something simple and not wanting to spend 20 $ retail though it 's okay .
this is by far the best that i have found .
once i got it pried up , the back came off with no further help , so , mission accomplished but only after losing two of these guys .
this one is just plain easier to use , better build quality , everything is just easier .
one of the better chargers i have purchased . sidenote i did purchase it through a company that was fulfilled by amazon and did receive the proper product .
pairing was flawless on my phone that took less than a minute .
the only flaw is that it does n 't charge as rapidly as the original but other than that it works great .
this is a great charger for any phone ( i 'm using it with a samsung nexus s ) , i use this with the wall plug ( also from palm ) in my compact travel kit and it 's perfect .
just do n 't throw it in the washer or roll it up a million times and it 'll get the job done .
a charger used 30 hours a week is going to fail a lot sooner than chargers used one or two hours a week .
the battery lasts all day , even with an hour and a half or two worth of active talk time .
at $ 5 . 99 your getting a great deal ! ! you can keep looking and spend a ton more of your cash on a pair that do n 't work half as nice as these but what 's the point ?
i liked the idea that the case provides one full charge so i do n 't have to carry the charger with me all the time .
ok , maybe it 's just me and i 'm not coordinated enough .
it stops charging every few seconds . . .
it 's nice not having to carry around an extra charger when i 'm already lugging around my laptop and its power supply .
it 's the easiest way to keep the phone charged and i could n 't imagine doing withit it .
plus , the hdmi adapter allows full mirroring while i do n 't believe this cable does ( honestly , i know it used to not do this , but have n 't checked in a while on the ipad 2 ) . we still keep this around for hotels grand parents' homes that do n 't have accessible hdmi ports . as far as the durability quality issues noted in other reviews , i purchased on 2 20 11 and it 's still going strong .
i have a samsung captivate and did n 't had any problem pairing it and using it . 5 stars !
i upgraded to a treo 755p in the summer of 2007 and it continued to work great range and sound quality were even better with the treo 755p .
they noted they replaced crystal filter . i really like this phone and feel it is perfect now .
the earpiece fits comfortable and after wearing it for an entires day driving it did n 't hurt or irritate my ear .
i would fully charge the phone overnight and 2 3 hours after unplugging it the phone would die .
worth $ 40 ! btw , i have now tried this on my blackberry playbook tablet and it will charge it !
thanks again great doing business with you
really works as described . . . for my samsung note 2 . i do buy accessories online now . . . more way cheaper find it no difference from what 's on the store which are very expensive .
looking back , i think it was a bit overkill for my purpose ( occasional home construction work ) and i would have been ok with a thinner case .
however , if i recorded that phrase myself , i would have to be vary careful to remember the exact speed and pitch i used when speaking the phrase .
the device is n 't very durable and will only survive around a year of heavy use .
but at least there is no side mic that needs to be pressed on . battery life also seems to have gone down a lot on the newer st3 . but i do n 't have a way to measure so i 'm not 100 sure .
i have a lg dare and he has the lg versa and this battery fits both of our phones .
it is not very flexible . the shipping was a little bit long , but it was understandable since it was from hong kong .
it has been more than four months and the screen still has no air bubbles and is protecting the screen very well . another advantage is that this screen smudges much less compared to the original iphone screen and so it does n 't look that bad . ( still you need to clean the surface with moist paper or something once in a week or so ) . a great buy !
it went into the trash can as it wasnt worth sending back .
there is a light in the stand that stays on i suppose to let you know it'a plugged in or to find it in the dark . note be sure you know which blackberry you are ordering the stand for because thay are not all the same .
it 's actually very easy to install and not expensive at all .
the volume was high enough for my slight hearing loss , but easily adjustable for lower levels for those who need it .
after a recent lengthy phone call , my ear was so fatigued from being squeezed for so long , it gave me a headache .
everyone i spoke with on this headset had nothing but complaints with static , and said i sounded muffled and had a very hard understanding me .
i bought this brand new for about $ 30 . at this price it is a bargain .
the sound quality is excellent from both ends ; the comfort is the best that i have found over all others .
setup is extremely easy and have had no other problems with the device .
expect to buy a new one every year because even with ginger usage of the item , it will break and it will break right after the warranty expires .
the one complaint i consistently get is is my voice breaks up . i also get that my voice is low but i have a history of that one .
just like another item i bought from orange discount center , it was n 't oem , even though it said it was .
it 's okay , my son lik it and like the color , , blue is his color , he use it all the time .
i 've been using these cables for a while now , and they work fine .
it 's so loose in my ears so when i turn my head a little bit , it will fall off .
if no update , then no problem ) .
ordered 2 and they both work great they are deff worth the price . some of the negative reviews on these r ridiculous they are worth the price .
i cannot get good bass response from these as a result .
anybody know a phone company with unlimited everything for a low price who makes good phones , let me know .
the screen protector does what it does and lasts for quite a while .
i charge it on a dual usb hub with my iphone so when i leave in the morning i can grab both without forgetting one or the other .
i also like that it comes with additional ear loops , but i doubt i 'll need them since the earloop seems sturdier that the little wire loops most headsets come with , and i wo n 't be carrying it in my pocket due to discomfort . buy this one , you 'll love it .
the idiot who approved this project should step down and find another bright person
first , note that i would never use these to make phone calls .
i ca n 't make it function as described and i am a mechanical engineer !
and wha la problem solved ! ! if your charging port is broken or not charging this is a definite solution .
these things just seem like a good idea to have around . my order from bto came in working perfectly .
the only thing i have found is that is traps a lot of dust and sand so regular removal of the casing and simple wiping so solve this problem .
there were some reviewers who commented that they got inferior , knockoff chargers , but what i got was the genuine motorola charger .
every time i plug this so called product into iphone 4 , it says impossible to charge with this device . or something like that .
had my doubts about ordering an item like this on the internet but after receipt of the item , i found it works great .
comfort wise it is the most comfortable phone i have ever owned . the thing that is preventing me from giving it a full 5 stars is the sound .
i believe becuase of the boom it tends to flap around more so then the likes of say h500 hands free , but that only seems awkward when you have fast head movement , otherwise not a problem .
i ordered the h700 after reading a number of good reviews .
well , yes means no , and no means yes meaning , if one answers yes , the phone remains in bedside mode .
i am in queue for the kindle fire and will be in africa for a month .
i 'm not sure how i 'd make it better but i guess i 'd rather have a self contained headset that is only on my head .
it is very misleading to show this phone as being ir equipped while its use is crippled . btw , i gave this phone 4 stars because it is still a sleek looking great phone .
i used it for less than a week and charged it 3 times .
of course , it does take some time to charge , but nevertheless , it is very useful .
one of the best air vent holder that i bought and i have tried a lot just needs some more stability to have a five star .
this skin is definitely worth buying and for this price i 'd say go for it .
long too so you do n 't have to sit right next to the outlet .
i 'm using this product past 5 months and its b'ful and awesome sound quality .
it did pick up a lot of lint and dust at first , but rinsing it off once in a while helped that , and after a while it did n 't seem to pick up so much .
three out of the four i 've owned all stop charging at 83 , no matter how long i leave it on .
and despite of that , it does provide ok protection ( i 've drop it a couple of times now with no impact on chassis ) . however i kept wondering if the sellers have two models , a quality one and a sloppy one , because many reviewers have praise the quality of this skin case .
i have n 't yet tried charging 2 phones at once but it works great for one phone .
so , before my phone died , i started to research online about a battery supply solution for my horrible htc evo draining device , when i came across the new trent imp500 . i read the many 5 star reviews on this device and decided i must have it .
after viewing some youtube videos on this procedure , i was able to swap the battery in about 1 2 hour ( which included taking pictures and studying the insides of the iphone 4s . the tools are good enough to get the job done i never felt that the tools were going to fall apart .
note that you will see some 34 ; grid lines 34 ; if you hold the phone at the right angle in the light , but nobody is going to notice that unless you 're like me who pays particular details to parts or just fix iphones in general .
the mesh tip is a nice touch so it does not scratch the screen however i am wondering if any dirt gets trapped in the mesh it could .
it took about ten seconds and i was using it right away . the voice clarity is pretty good .
no negatives here , just as close to perfection as it could be .
my wife snapped turn those things off , that light is going to give me a seizure ! even if i am sitting in a room by myself , the light is annoying .
you can not even tell that theres a screen protector .
do n 't buy this product , it 's a possible fire hazard .
amazon has the best price i was able to find on this one also .
this is a total rip off in my book (
i just recently bought my fourth wep200 . this is a great headset .
this charger is wonderful for anybody who frequently goes places where they ca n 't charge their mobile devices .
that will fit inside the bin and charge there . ymmv but if you 're starting with this gadget and install it correctly you will have the charging options you need .
as a matter of fact i own 2 . the sound and clarity are fine even when walking around in noisy areas .
i use this charger all the time , and it is going strong !
the actual cable is rather short but that is fine for a car or computer desk .
the controls are not usable when the case is in that position , but your screen is protected .
we live in a little valley that compromises the signal of any cell phone , but the a630 could n 't establish a solid connection . it 's a great looking device and it feels very well built .
i had another cable , so it was n 't a big deal , but it still should work .
bought this years ago and never reviewed it , but it still works to this day .
sure , i 've only made 5 or 6 short calls on it , but it 's turned on for at least an hour a day during my commute . my wife could tell that i was calling from my car , but she did n 't notice a difference between normal road noise and the bluetooth reception . the headset fits my ear comfortably .
all in all , for having it over four years , it 's a great purchase .
might be preferred by those looking for a good amount of protection for their phone .
not bad for the money just as good as the expensive ones . .
my young grand daughter felt left out as eveyone else has an iphone so this case was perfect to give her one of the old iphones for games and to use like an ipod .
it was delivered a day early , was very happy about that !
great protector ! just do n 't try to rub out soemthing really hard fast , i had a few minot not even realy noticible micro bubles on the left side so i took a cloth tried to rub them out well i rubbed so hard fast it ruined the protector !
wow , i have to say these really impressed me .
great phone with wonderful features and was designed for those who want the combination of a music player and a phone in one along with the added features to enjoy them both to their fullest .
just remember when you get them that there are two sides to these protectors , and you 'll be fine .
this is a hit or miss product .
it was great while it lasted ! ! !
i would highly definitely pick this battery up .
the rubber casing is on really good but that is a good thing .
this very conveniently fits inside my pocket and is not uncomfortable .
bought another one for my girlfriend when her rabbit chewed up the first one .
i often need to turn my head quickly while driving and it feels like the thing 's going to fly off my head into the back seat .
most have not had a fit that was comfortable and solid feeling .
by the time i realized what happened , all the boxes were packed , sealed and ready to go to storage .
i ran low and i just charged it while i was out taking pictures .
i have purchased the itorch and i love it . .
you have to be careful when you are purchasing the cables all cable do not do the same thing .
i usually really like eforcity products but these do not last long at all , as they are fairly thick and so they get caught on edges and pull up often .
also , it freezes on me a lot so i constantly have to take the battery out to restart it .
this charger worked well for a few months and then stopped working .
more convenient than having both the charger and a usb cable to worry about , or when i do n 't have a computer to charge from .
now i have to get a new something to carry my phone in to protect the screen .
the sound is clear and intelligible on both ends , . . .
my wife leaves her case on constantly and it is perfect for her .
the quality is worth every bit of $ 20 and more .
so , it was distracting in meetings to hear that rip every time i wanted to check the time . so i tried this case .
after a month , i gave up on screen protectors for my iphone ; a year later , still no scratches ( but then i carry mine in a holster , not my pocket or just tossed in a purse , so ymmv ) and the screen still looks pristine ; i guess that 's why they used glass and not plastic for the screen .
i got mine from ace photo digital , or was it digital photo , one of the 2 regardless . i 've had it for a while now and it definitely holds a nice charge .
i feel like i get about 25 more life then i did with the stock battery and about the same as the seido 1750 ( which is a lot more money ) . as anyone who uses one of these android devices knows , battery life can vary a lot depending on use and a bunch of different factors , so again this will depend as well .
when is dark and i 'm in the car , i keep thinking that the cops are behind me the way it blinks so brightly .
my bf has complained it hurts his ear but this may be fixed by changing the insert .
i traded out all my vehicles for this antenna .
nothing sticks out as it is flat .
they were fine for about one week and they stopped working completely .
i really wanted this to work .
most time i do n 't even have to hold the mic to get heard but i think because its more of a habit of holding something when you are talking so sometimes i do n 't notice it but i hold the mic when i speak . i tried it with siri too and so far , siri understood me . . .
at first i was n 't sure i needed all this stuff , it felt a bit heavy , i was unsure of the swivel design , and i felt guilty for buying such an expensive phone .
we often take long car rides and this battery has saved me from quite a few rides where my kids have drained their phones .
thanks for a great well established company product at a great price .
i find myself repeatedly twisting the thing back into place .
i have used this with various phones and headsets and it still works 3 years later .
there is n 't much to say that has not been said about it already and i charge anything with a usb port through it without any problems .
it went right back to amazon .
and always remember that when our phones first came out , the replacement battery was some outrageous figure like $ 35 or $ 40 each ! at these prices and them being almost identical to the original battery , you ca n 't go wrong ! ! ! eaw
there are some small pictures of an iphone on the side that indicates it fits an iphone , but it doesnt actually state that anywhere .
no problems connecting to my pre existing phone at work .
but then i noticed that this actually helped it stay on better .
i plugged it up for a couple of hours and tried to pair it to my new phone and it did not work .
i used glue . anyway , it is good one , you can talk to 2 hours meeting several times with one time full recharging . i love it .
its not the fact that its grey but the fact that the actual case is black but painted grey .
i consider this a good value for a dollar .
if i were you i would n 't touch this product or work with this vendor .
this is a problem for some and i must admit that it does bother me a little when i 'm placing the phone on the table face down .
it does as advertised , just feels like it will break .
it did seem that it was taking a bit long to charge up to 100 , but i figured , it being able to charge 2 devices , it was not a complete deal breaker .
works just like the other one i purchased retail .
do n 't buy those cheap stuff with low voltage .
the only drawback i 've encountered is loss of pairity ( if that 's a word ! ) . it seems like about every couple of days it becomes unpaired .
this cord has a stronger connection than the original cord , which i really like , but i 'm pretty sure it 's also shorter .
for this amount of money and with no tech support from my tmobile since its unlocked i simply can not take the risk nor do i want to mess with nokia usa warranty .
i have a scala now that i 've been using for months and i 'm very happy with it , even though the sound and wind immunity does n 't measure up to the logitech .
but can sit where you want .
people can hear me just fine in the car .
it also does a great job of cutting out noise that you do n 't want to hear in the same room .
the good news is that there is a solution to make this fit ayone ! there are lots of custom solutions , costing more than the jb ii itself .
what i wanted , was a holder that would n 't fall off my belt .
the cable would not communicate to computer ( ertracted ok ) . i like to praticality .
i use these in all of our vehicles and for all of our android phones . . . regardless of brand ( only one of our phones if motorola ) . they work great in every way .
i bought it primarily for use while driving .
the quality is definitely not top notch .
i purchased the itorch imp52d for my week long trip to sxsw .
i would be better off with phones that go over my head .
my only two complaints is the charger is kind of strange .
at this price , she can break as many as she likes ) though i have n 't found one yet , it would be nice if the headset could mute calls , but that 'd be asking for waaaay too much )
i would by no means expect it to protect it from a full fledged fall or smash against concrete .
i work all day on a pc and like to listen to the music loaded on my blackberry .
it worked great for 2 weeks , but now it disconnects about 5 minutes into a call .
these headphones are capable of a high level so you can unexpectedly wind up having your ears blasted without , in my case , the means to quickly adjust the volume . i wanted to use these with skype and have the freedom to walk away from the computer when necessary .
some do n 't like the rubber tip , but it helps when you are trying to type , for instance , an r and keep getting a e with your finger . i give them away , and keep the silver for me .
i know several construction workers manual laborers who love this case , and feel safe tossing their phone onto their truck dashboards .
i gave it a 4 star because i like it , not love it . . . cps
i do n 't know what the devil this cable is for that was sent to me , but it definitely does n 't even resemble the picture and it most certainly is not for a pantech p7040p phone .
i had to return it because it did not meet my application .
i believe that if the unit was to be drop screen first that it would simply come out of the rubber shell .
i received this item on time and in good condition .
i have dropped my ipone several times and no broken screen .
now considering that the real thing costs $ 40 $ 50 at most cellular retail stores , and this item was one seventh the price , what can i expect ?
i use my to use the hps function on my bike rides and runs .
really bad battery life , connection was lost more often that i liked .
i am still not 100 comfortable with how well the bluetooth will stay put on my ear .
i can have my keys and my phone in the same pocket and it wont even faze this shield .
for the price , i ca n 't complain .
i managed it with just the one teeny weeny bubble on my first try and managed just the one scratch since .
dropped the phone once and it does its job , good case .
i think this is the perfect size for her purse .
i must say , for the price , i was extremely well pleased .
ive seen this for well triple the price here .
as soon as i turned on my iphone i though , what the heck ; let 's try it on the menu screen to navigate to the app . i pushed the stylus gently , and nothing work .
thank you , if not for these , i could not use my bluetooth . great merchandise . .
would be a great deal at twice the price .
i got lucky because a while ago i ordered some adapters for my new igo only to learn they were for the older model .
this product would not install in ether of my state of the art computers .
i was unable to make the item work with my blackberry 8310 , and the seller provided me the opportunity to return it for a full refund , however , my life got busy and the time alloted to return it expired , but that 's my fault and not the seller .
then again , the plastic clips are far from perfect , since they do have a tendency to break .
the layout is nice , feels sturdy , and easy to use .
this is a great charger with a bit longer cord which i really like !
palm was nice enough to send me a brand new replacement and its now working correctly .
amazon had the best price at the time i purchased mine .
it does n 't slide in and out of your pocket quite as easy as the iphone by itself or one in a hard case , but that is a pretty minimal complaint . you can feel confident in this purchase . as a side note , this will not fir a 1st generation iphone ( my wife has the 1st gen and i tried it on just to see ) .
i 've reviewed quite a few bluetooth headsets over the years .
if i leave it plugged into the lighter , it will keep shining after i unplug my phone .
i 've had several over the years . . . jabra , another plantronics .
for those of you that do n 't have background noise issues , i can add that even in quiet settings this unit has better sound quality than all the others that i tested .
it did have what i needed , lacking skill needed to do the job .
even though the battery was almost twice the size of this one , it did n 't seem to charge as well as this . i am a little confused with the flashlight and laser .
it 's lite , comfortable , sound is good and no one that i 've talked to has commented that my phone sounds different .
i ordered this product and received in much sooner than expected .
and since the g1 's battery life is poor , that can be a problem .
what else can you ask for . . .
i would recommend this to anyone that is always on the go and can not make it a full day on one cell phone charge .
there was static on the phone from the day we got it .
i 'm use to the shure se530 's with is in a class of it 's own .
just order another one from a different supplier .
i bought a phone card while i was there and used it together with this phone .
interesting idea , but the way they went about it is pretty much useless . so , this kit , is n 't cheap right ?
this is a good little device .
you put this in your car and charge your phone on the go .
unfortunately , my enthusiasm waned greatly when i realized that i would have to purchase additional tips for my ipod and my husband 's iphone .
the lack of a keyboard is hard to deal with .
i bought this item because i owned a motorkr and loved it .
nice texture , good protection , looks great . what 's not to like ? maybe the fact that i need ten more words to tell you guys how awesome this is .
oh , and the tones to let you know you 've established connection with your phone or diconnected are very nice additions by motorola on this one .
we are a family of 5 and we all have an apple product .
i will never buy another cord from any of the sellers . . . they break or just do n 't work from the start .
i 'm not sure if the seller is aware that the material is not leather ; i found out the hard way when i used a lighter to burn off some loose thread .
it does n 't protect the screen like similar units .
slimmer than any other smartphone out there that ive seen .
anyway , i wanted five of them to keep at various places where i might want to sync and or charge my phone , so that would have been $ 100 plus tax .
if it fits your ear , you should buy it .
i put this in my wife 's car as i have a similar product from a different company .
construction seems on a par with comparable units .
you can barely tell you are wearing this thing .
also good to charge your cell phone ( if you have the usb cable for your particular brand of phone ) i 'm really very happy with the purchase !
this model had some of the best reviews on the site , and it appears to be a good unit so far .
after owning multiple older motorola models and a plantronics ( dumped that one in a day ) , this 710 is the best of the bunch . folks that i speak with find it much easier to understand me , and the noise cancellation feature must work a bit , because regular road noise is no longer complained about .
s h ; ) . i ca n 't compare it to other cases , except that it looks nicer than a lot of other cases i 've seen .
but i called the vendor and asked if it was a new battery and not used or re conditioned .
if was smooth , protective , and yet the cover allowed for good grip .
i do n 't have to worry about if my stuff has been charged .
a very useful product to recharge our samsung phone .
i wanted it to hold my iphone in the car .
i disagree with the other review posted .
i am using this item since i received and i feel safe with the screens i am protecting after applying the screens protectors .
wonderful product that worked great for the life of my 3gs phone .
i take the train to work and have them in my tote bag when they are n 't in use .
it last one full day of some pretty serious use and as long as i charge it over night i do n 't have to charge it in the day .
the mute also does not alert you frequently enough that it is on , but you can still mute from the phone separately without issues .
yes , it does leave little circles and crescents on the surface ; however , they can usually be wiped off , just like fingerprints .
i 'm sure there may be one more expensive than this one i 've never tried that may be better , but for the money , and for amazon 's excellent pricing compared to retail , you ca n 't beat this .
in last 8 10 months , i have n 't charged it for more than 4 times . very good sound quality .
these shields do a great job at protecting all of my electronics and also hold up well to scratches so that i do n 't need to even replace them .
overall ok for the money spent .
i am just screwed if wilson stops making this stuff !
the best part so far , to me , is that they come already magnetized .
all i could say is wow , this little thing is soooo cool .
i really like that you can mount the case on your belt or backpack , in any combination of ways .
if i had three thumbs i would give these three thumbs up .
superior and striking good looks and is solidly built no , it does not look cheap as some previous reviewer stated .
i paid 5 dollars for it .
i was excited when i first saw these headphones .
this product is a bad joke !
they are so intuitive that you actually do n 't even need to read the manual to know what each button does , it just feels natural .
when my cell phone goes low and i am without my charger , as when my car breaks down and is towed to repair shop and i am in a rental car , it is great to have the capacity to quickly add charge to the phone .
i could n 't wear my phone in the holster because of that . i 'm a frequent business traveler and it does n 't work well for my needs .
this item came in a timely matter and fit the descrition the only thing that the plastic broke a little to easily but other than that every thing else is good
this is a great phone with a pretty intuitive interface ( though , that does n 't go for the verizon version from what i 've seen ) . the one downside is that call volume could stand to be louder , especially if one is in a crowded area .
this case will solve that problem .
very cool , get to still enjoy the color of your device while protecting it from scratches .
never have this problem with other wires .
i keep the additional battery charge since the batteries seem to drain rather quickly , especially when you use your cell for business
i ended up not liking how long the earbud cords would be and that i still had an object around me that might as well have been my mp3 player phone .
it does n 't remotely do anything it says the picture is misleading , the title is misleading , the concept is misleading .
wind noise is lower than my 850 , judged by several people i called .
this new one is fine , the only difference is that the outer shell plastic seems stiffer than the old one .
people say i sound like i am in a muffled tunnel .
i gave up trying to use this headphone with my htc tytnii pda phone in my pants' pocket .
i know they get a lot of bad reviews due to working out in them and sweat getting into them and shorting them out .
i had the hardest time finding the right cable .
they are not as protective as many others .
the pouch appears to be of good construction and will likely last me for several years of use .
after 2 3 months of use , it is so glitchy .
sure enough , it does n 't charge properly .
i use this to charge my cool * new * kindle when i am away from power like on an airplane .
i have tested 8 different headsets .
the fit is comfortable , and the band is somewhat adjustable .
i use it on windows vista and windows 7 . the headset lasts a long time ( all day ) without charging , and i can go from my computer outside the house and half way down the street and i still have clear calls .
i 've used on all kinds of roads ( and switched to 3 different cars ) , always works great . 2 easily adjustable .
works with my 9700 so i ca n 't complain , i 'm pretty sure its not oem rim but for a knock off it works so i ca n 't complain
these work well as spares and a person just needs spares .
it is worth every penny , considering how much i 've wasted on ones that do n 't work from other companies .
it was so cheap i wo n 't bother returning it . not sure if it works with the phones listed .
very disappointed i ordered the wrong one ! .
what i did n 't like was the price they were charging for it !
i 've bought 3 they all work fine , except for the one that 's gone missing .
if you use your regularly or play any games on it , change your trackball every 6 months .
it was in perfect shape , and gets the job done .
you can even keep it in your pocket while traveling . i have n 't had a problem with the on off switch like some reviews have stated .
the sound can get pretty loud .
i had no problem syncing it to my iphone , and although i have n 't tried any other devices , i anticipate no problems . i only have two complaints 1 . the on off switch is very small and hard to use .
it 's small , light , and fits great in my laptop bag . i had been looking for a backup supply for my cell phones for a while now and recently purchased this one .
the people on the other end of the line have yet to complain about any type of quality issues .
if removed from your ear and not shut off , your phone will not ring ; ringing will be from the voyager which you will not be able to hear . overall , however , the voyager is a good substitute for my beloved 850 .
i would definitely recommend this case to anyone .
due to the poor sound quality , i threw this cheapie in my laptop bag as a backup .
for the price it ca n 't be beat !
i was impressed and wish i had paid full price years ago !
oh , and it arrived in only three days .
i just did n 't like the added bulk , even though i kept the case on for protection .
this does n 't happen with other micro usb cables that i 've used .
convenient power is the first thing that comes to mind when i use the nt70t , this battery pack is so convenient , as i travel between projects all the time , and as my tablets and smart phones die quickly with heavy use , this charger has helped me with battery life , it is no longer an issue .
based on about a month 's trial , both batteries seem to hold a charge for a reasonable amount of time . . .
i am sure if i know a tv that comes with bluetooth , so you have to buy the transmiter before you can use it . anyway , the headphone fit * snugly * on my neck .
will recharge a dead phone a little more than three times .
it weight about 1 10th as much as my i go for the car , and it charges about 1 10th as much as a charger should .
i can also carry a credit card and a little cash if i do n 't want to carry a purse .
i bought this item to have charging capability on the go for my smartphone .
within a few weeks of having this i had to have the phone at a certain angle for it to charge .
i drive a 2012 ford edge and the windshield is pretty deep .
great buy , for a even greater price !
the item is working very good .
since they 're mostly cosmetic scratches ( i . e .
i received it in good order and it is an excellent case .
great price so you can afford 2 .
crackling , buzzing muffled sounds very annoying and diapointing to recieve something you are expecting to use all the time to not being able to use it .
usb outlets are almost everywhere , even had some on a plane recently .
the tip is waaaaay too big for what i was wanting . .
nicely designed . last weekend some friends from out of town visited us in san francisco .
it does what it is supposed to do .
both are very good , but if i had to choose , i would choose samsung for it connects to my phone without too much hassle compare to plantronics 510 voyager , where i had to constantly reset my phone to get connect it .
the person on the other end of the conversation did n 't complain about hearing me and felt the quality was good for being a hanging microphone . i 've been experimenting with the different earpieces to find the ones that will provide the most comfort for the 8 10 hours that i have them in .
sweet ! no contracts required , no fuss , no muss , no crying . this definitely is one of the best nokia phones that nokia has made .
my dad had several older batteries for his phone , none of which would hold a charge for an entire day .
luckily the headphones come with a very good warranty and they replaced them both times .
no matter how close i am to the phone ( which doesnt make sense because its fullly charged and supposed to last at least 5 hrs ) i mean the no matter how good anything else is ( sound , mic , etc , product build , features ) it all depends on how stable its connectivity is to the phone !
you pay $ 25 more than it is worth .
for the amount of time they worked , they worked very well , but then they just stop working for no reason , i guess you get what you pay for
she says she likes these better because its blue tooth and she can wear then and no one knows she has them on .
this stand is really neat for anywhere .
i guess those users must have ordered from a different vendor .
plus the color is very beautiful .
i have no problem hearing them while on the road .
says it is very comfortable too !
thus i only gave it 4 stars .
i 've recharged my ipod touch 3g up to 3 times on a single charge and the charge lights indicated there was still 1 2 its power remaining .
i would have liked to make this my only case , but when the leather which seems to be glued on literally started peeling and ripped off of one entire edge ( see picture ) , i had to demote it .
well , i will probably change my phone before this charger breaks down .
alas , that was an awful choice .
my wife and i are taking up kayaking and we needed some way to protect our phones .
if you buy it through amazon and for some strange reason you do n 't like it , amazon has a super return policy .
the sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static .
i had a motorola razr v3 that was given to me when i signed up for my plan , like most products built now days the stupid thing died just out of warranty period , and do n 't ever expect a helping hand from motorola , and much less t mobile they both could care less .
i bought this headset on the recommendation of a very picky friend , so i figured it would be great .
this is a nice charger , but after a few months it was n 't charging unless i held it in a specific way to the phone .
i got it about the time they said i would get it and i use it all the time when i am not using my bluetooth
that is is exactly what this case does , and i have not found a better made one out there .
this is a good basic phone .
so i turned the screen off and when i got to my destination the battery went from 60 to 85 full in about an hour or so .
maybe i have weak ears , but they are the only ones i 've got .
and for that this review is really only a 4 . 85
the screen protector works quite well too ! the only down side is that the rubber lip breaks within a couple months , then the rubber casing rubs loose by about 6 months time .
the sound was never quite perfect on them , but cutting the cord made it worthwhile .
it 's not as long as you ideally need but it 's very cheap !
i do wish there is a way to get just the round disk for dash mounting , so i could try it a couple of other places , of course as long as it does n 't cost a whole lot .
i 'm very disappointed , but i 'm hoping the suction will stay on my windshield .
not this it 's designed to fit in your wallet and be there when you want it on a stable surface .
i would probably buy this again though because of its design and the way it fit .
confirmed to work with nokia 6085h .
without the proper driver you cannot proceed .
this is a regular case , fit , i believe it 's not pretty at all but neither bulky and the protection it 's intermediate .
it provides several hours of play time on the ipod itouch and has also saved me during long calls while out of the office . my friends and family will be receiving this as their christmas stocking stuffer this year .
i bought two just to have one charging while i use the other one . big mistake ! ! ! both stop charging with no reasonsit works ok just for a few months .
i find that if put my phone in my pocket that when i pull it back up i end up pulling just the case and not the phone .
i suspect if you have a bulkier case it 's not going to fit though .
the battery life is superb and the charge lasts about a week .
for me the worst part is that , since it fails to provide a firm grab , it moves around to much to the point that i 'm always pushing out the screen protector ( which comes with the skin case and is in fact pretty good ) from the edges of the phone . honestly i was expecting a little more even despite the price .
just excellent case , you can wear your phone in your pocket in few words . . . .
i tried two headsets by motorola in the past , including hs850 . they also have volume button but even when you set to the maximum volume you ca n 't hear well if you in a noisy environment .
there is the most subtle of echoes in both receiving and sending , but it is barely detectable .
it did not come with any instructions at all .
seems there is still no univeral size on this type of stuff yet , so i have to by a lot of stuff just to keep up . .
the freaking power cable quit working w in a few weeks and neither t mobile nor sony will fix it for less than $ 20 . sony took my address and said they would , but it never showed up . well the phone is rugged !
it 's cheap so i bought it .
so until i qualify for a new phone on my t mobile plan , this phone will do just fine and be fun to use too . my only dissappointment i will mention is the memory card was not included in the packaging .
i ordered it myself , it is charging even faster .
this one is the original , and the one from this seller is priced far below what you get from the phone store .
its a good case i give it a three only thing is the paint scratchs off real easy but still good for the phone
the first one lasted one year with heavy use and then the plastic broke .
its really hit or miss with these . .
i agree with the other poster .
seems to have made a difference , but not a huge difference .
i attempted to use it on a viewsonic gtablet .
the charger stopped working and broke shortly after i purchased it .
i do n 't use this adapter on a regular basis , however the times that i have used it , it worked as advertised .
there is a solution to this which i used right out of the package use a quick puff of baby powder on the screen .
not wanting to replace with a non sony battery , this seemed like the best deal .
phone calls sound good and i 've been told i sound ok on the other end .
either way if the case would have done its job right and not fell off my phone would not now be cracked . luckily the phone works fine just has a large crack which is more of an annoyance and weak spot if any .
just turn it until it is n 't shining at you .
it drowns out all my annoying coworkers and has great bass and sound .
i get 2 4 bars this way when i was n 't getting any signal at all before . because of the need to be so close to the base , i would think that you would definitely need a bluetooth to use the phone in the car so that you could keep the phone right next to the power supply base .
i work in kitchens as a chef and i rest easy knowing my phone wont get ruined .
i 'm actually considering going back to the old headset , even with the poorer sound quality or just switching brands .
they 're highly durable , which was a concern of mine when i learned there would be short wires as part of its design .
i use the belt clip while at work and it has performed flawlessly . ( the clip does pop off if you do not want to use it . ) i have use the clip as a stand .
can go entire 24 hours without charging ; but i am not a kid playing games all day long .
it is a great phone for people who do n 't want to lose touch with the office while out of the office .
the only thing i might have limited was a usb connect or it charges my t989 without fail
it looks so fake that i did not even bother to read anything from it . as long as the phone can still dial and make calls , i am just hanging on to it hoping to return it if it ceases to work because it has warranty on it .
so i put it on my boyfriend 's phone ( galaxy siii ) and magic happened . . .
they replied back in a decent amount of time .
i decided to take one to work to keep there and after plugging it in to many things with none of them working i connected my s4 to my computer and took note of the time and battery percentage .
however , while it 's plugged in i can still use the 510 and wander all over the house and still talk on the phone .
ca n 't beat them for the price .
this was a gold box special price , so i ordered one for my galaxy s3 . ca n 't go wrong !
for that much money , how can you go wrong ?
they are very light , yet render very good bass , given their minimal mass .
i am having both the jabra bt500 and bt135 . very satisfy with their voice quality .
over all , great product , definitely recommend !
i wish it is $ 10 cheaper .
i had to use the one from my computer to get the cell phone screen really clean before placing the screen protector .
these covers are cool but in daylight or outside are worthless you ca n 't see your screen if you are in any light what so ever
this item is very tough , easy to put on and comes with everything necessay . i have had it for a few weeks now and no scratches , peeling offi would recommend it
i was happily surprised that the cord was very long ( about 5 ft ) much longer than the standard cord my phone came with .
once i worked up a sweat , they started cutting in and out and finally just made a buzzing noise and would n 't turn off .
the device arrived partially charged at a little under halfway .
that pays back what you invested .
i do n 't think i got 4 days use out of it .
the phone cover came in about 4 days which was n 't bad .
the material is fine but the fit is a little off .
i got it for 32 bucks and i 'm very happy with the price .
i bought this as a replacement for an incase leather holster that had finally worn out after two years of use .
called tech support and that did n 't help , but tech support verified that we set it up correctly . i would love to give this higher stars , but i ca n 't justify doing so since it does n 't work here with one of the most predominant carriers in the united states .
so , even though it screwed into the tripod mount as advertised , it would mean more effort to get it into place than i could give it . giving up on my canon , i tried it on my flip video camera .
i got it because my phone kept shutting off .
i rely on my earpiece too much to have one that breaks unnecessarily .
they were especially good in the gym or anywhere inside , but had a very limited range outdoors .
i rarely used it to begin with , but now it just wo n 't even charge or work at all .
it works randomly , usually not working at all , even though the blue lights show it is supposed to be paired . * * * at first , i wrote this review about how i disliked this but i figured out that if i unplug it , and plug it back in after 30 seconds , it reboots and works properly again .
if it can stand that long with me it 's a good product
they arrived in 3 days , the clarity on my end is very good and the people i am talking to on the other end of the conversation have told me they can hear me fine .
the short of it the ringer has an inherent flaw in it and if it turns off on its own it will not turn back on without a hard reset .
covers nearly every plug ive ever needed in asian except for india .
i could buy two here for what i 'd pay full retail elsewhere .
just do n 't expect it to safeguard your phone from a direct impact to the screen .
bought from verizon store about 2 years ago .
i just wish they made one with a ear clip that stays on .
i was initially very impressed because of the small size and its being relatively stable with a number of different phones . ( the early blue tooth standard is n 't really as standard as one might hope ! ) however , it has proven rather fragile .
i was very pleased to find the sound quality is excellent .
this is absolutely amazing , more than doubles my battery life , so i can forget about carrying my charger all the time . for such a good price , this is just the right deal .
i wish if palm remained independent if they would have innovated more .
this item was super cheap and the delivery rather quick .
i ca n 't say whether the battery was brand new , taken out of a lg phone that did n 't sell , or an exchange , as it arrived in an unsealed plastic bag without any labels .
battery life is great ( 6 . 5hrs ) . although the headband looks like it could snap anytime , it actually holds up pretty good .
not a problem for me , but makes me wonder where these are from and the quality .
also keep searching for the one that offers free delivery .
i bought mine at verizon so i paid way too much .
i had high expectation for this headphone since i owned one etymotic before and liked it .
if you 're worried about losing the phone if you just use the clip , do n 't it 's so tight it 's a pain in the a55 to remove it from the belt .
the phone charged quickly and fully with no problems at all .
i have owned many motorola headsets , the jabra bt8040 , the samsung wep200 ; and the plantronics 510 voyager .
i am most likely going to stock up on these , as i go through headsets like they are on fire !
nice and sleek but a bit slippery .
i keep it in my car or my front pocket in my purse .
this is the only headset i 've had where people could actually hear me all the time .
toughskin gives you pretty good confidence that your expensive toy is going to be protected , and the design is comfortable and easy to grip . the only downsides worth mentioning is that the belt clip is nice enough , but off center in a horizontal orientation , and the case is the bulkiest i 've seen .
and they really put a limit on the volume .
to be honest , this is n 't a critical issue even a thin cable can work .
note that i am not recommending the motorola product , just pointing you there to look at the ear pieces .
i 'm not sure yet how rapid of a charger it really is , but it works .
the ear volume is adjustable on my phone , and i 'm wondering what phones other reviewers have that wo n 't let them adjust the volume ?
i bought the card and took it on an international trip .
this cable could be made in another factory , or it may be counterfeit .
i find myself pressing the volume down button but two bars remain and it does n 't go any lower .
we both satisfy with its voice quality as well .
if your beard is slightly growing in , forget it .
i have the s10 as well and i must say that i like both of them for different reasons . the same they both employ great bluetooth technology .
all controls are very easy to reach .
always there when i need them .
i had high hopes for this product because this was recommended by the dealer as the best protection for my iphone .
you have to position it just so or it wo n 't charge .
once i was out a ways i wanted to take a picture of the resort .
ive gotten many complements on this case and over all it was worth the few bucks i spent .
my last charger broke and i needed a new one .
if i ever decide to use protective screens again , i 'll spend more money for a better product .
her second phone seems to be working , but neither of us seem to think it is an impressive phone
the range is substantial as well .
eventually , while i 'm wearing it , the microphone will end up leaning against my cheek .
looks good on my dash and the best thing is all i have to do is just take it off and throw it in the back seat or the trunk whenever i want .
this battery was new in packaging when it arrived and mostly solved my troubles with the storm .
is the monitor at home bad because you dropped it off the table .
i ca n 't really comment about how well the thing works , because i ca n 't keep it charged .
it is half the size of my last one .
it looks pretty , it works great , i have got two for home and for office , and this is all i needed and i wanted to spend $ 10 plus shipping for the holder itself .
this is a nice feature because i have a couple of docking stations that do n 't work with a case and i usually have to remove it , but with this case all i had to do was slide the bottom portion off . after less than a weeks time i noticed a few problems .
now if you have the phone models listed on this box , this will work well for you , if you have two of the same cell phones , you are going to be purchasing another adapter for this , so this will increase your cost . maybe my expectations are just too high , i know they are coming up with an iphone adapter soon .
been using it as a backup battery on the go for iphone 5 and 4s , works fantastic , really easy to use and lightweight , highly recommended !
it was plugged in constantly over that period of time and so will this one .
it is small and black and blended in with everything .
even so , it did work for her and she did it on her own .
it worked fine as far as noise reduction , but fails in the design . i had problems getting used to the fact that i did n 't need to raise my voice to be heard on the phone .
i was surprised to note the battery strength increased .
i had this thing since the iphone 3g came out .
first off , let me start off by saying that i totally understand the novelty of this product and others like it .
we were all laughing that she came with her own personal sound track because you could n 't tell where the sound was coming from .
verizon sold 3 for $ 10 , and i bought these 3 for $ 3 . awesome ! ! ! !
just what i needed for very little cost .
bought this phone to use as a business phone just for calls and messages .
when i placed the battery in the phone it did n 't even recognize it .
update the display has failed completely on this product .
i bought this product to try a give a little boost to my aircard .
overall i am thoroughly impressed with this phone .
it 's my fault for not reading the description more carefully ; but hopefully someone can learn from my error .
i needed a backup cord , i saw many negative comments on generic cords but this one did great
i like the shape , it 's comfortable enough to wear all day ( and i wear it from 7 30 a . m .
but all of you owners also know that it really sucks up the battery , so it 's pretty important that you have a car charger readily available .
i started with the 7100 , and have moved up from there to use the 8700 , 8800 , 8100 , 8300 , 8310 , 8320 , and now my 8900 . i have also used a storm 1 some as well . the 8900 is an amazing phone .
as a result , i do n 't use the handset unless i have to !
i had other cables so it was n 't worth the time for me to contact the vendor and get a replacement .
the problem is not the wall outlet this happens in any outlet in any building .
so yeah , the iphone 4s has a short battery when going on long flights and what not .
i believe there are such devices for your auto as well . the factory tips are enough for most users nokia , blackberry , iphone ipod , samsung , etc .
good to have an extra in my travel bag .
this one give you all availability . drawback 1 . when phone call comes in , you will wait for longer time than single ear bt . 2 . the size is big , can not put in your regualr pocket . 3 . the pad easily drops , you may lose one of the two very soon .
i think this is the most attractive of all the cases and i am proud to wear it on my belt at work or with dress clothes .
worked good , but it broke after a few uses .
the voice amplifier , in my opinion , is what is really needed .
for its price range i am very happy to have bought it .
the lcd screen protector its very clean and new when i attached it together on the device and not a single scratch .
we were able to use my imp52 to keep it powered and continue to use it without issue while connected to the newtrent power pack .
it 's great item as long as you 're not paying more than $ 60 for it ! sorry , made a mistake it does work with my blackberry curve !
i do hope that in the future there are dedicated buttons for these features .
this one had great sound but was too big ( huge ) and needed to be charged every ten seconds . . . this one was a clunker in the ear and always sounded like the call was coming through a mile long tunnel . . . i also like its case .
shame on you amazon for not having a better quality controlover the products that you list or the vendors you do business with . if you want to waste your time and money buy this product . thanks
and there is no settings for that ! ! ! unbelievable ! ! ! ! voice calling couldnt understand me 9 times out of 10 ! ! ! and i did n 't try to call a russian or german guy . .
i listen to podcasts or radio most of the day . . .
by the time i 'braille' around to figure out how to skip to the next track i have skip through an entire album of tracks .
i did nothing to them except charge them overnight and leave them sitting on a shelf .
the one i received was 2 releases behind .
i would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that it can be very inconvenient to plug things into it .
are there better units on the market ? most likely .
and its really fit for my phone .
this is my first experience with jabra and i chose the extreme because it can hold two phones simultaneously .
still , this thing is very inexpensive , so i 'm not complaining .
good reason to buy a case , just not this one . my co worker delayed in getting a case because he could not find one he liked , and broke the display screen , making his phone unusable .
what more can you ask for ?
for data i keep get reconnects all the time to the point it 's impossible to transfer one large file .
i like this product , as i like most samsung headsets .
this one fit the bill and looked pretty good .
i believe all those 5 star reviews are fake .
not sure how they make money but i 'll take it )
it was just too bulky and got tired of how bulky it was .
i buy from amazon whenever possible due to reliable delivery and low prices .
upon connecting , there are occasionally echos , but they go away soon , expecially if you turn down the volume .
all i can say is wow !
also , depending on your head size these may or may not fit on you ; i can fortunately say that they fit me with no discomfort and stay on my head even when at the gym .
other than that , i have n 't had any other issues with call quality or range .
i can use it to run , jump and light , basically anything you need to do at the gym haha .
people have complained that the bluetooth remains connected even after getting out of the car inside the house .
it doubles as a case , which may be a big plus for some iphone owners .
if you are in a quiet room , the phone is great .
gives you extra charge cords for your iphone so you do n 't have to worry did i grab my cord from the house for the car .
it 's nothing fancy , no volume control and no mute , but who needs that when you can accomplish the same thing with your phone .
i am able to charge my phone a couple of times before having to recharge the unit .
it kept giving me a message that this device is not compatible with ipod for charging .
it 's only been a couple of months but it connects and charges perfect everytime for both my htc evo 3d and wifes evo 4g .
i could not get it charge .
love how it works with my iphone 4 . and it comes with a lot of tools which is great , in case you misplace one of them .
it may work for some but it did not work for me and my gs3 .
as a tennis player , it is nice to know that i can toss the charger into my bag while its connected to my phone , so that as i play tennis , that my phone will be in the process of being charged .
the manual is about 2 pages , pretty quick and easy , just follow their steps and you are golden . distance , any further from my hip and it would get more statis , about 2 4 ft it is good , beyond that , forget it .
if this is a genuine motorola product its a stupid design .
this item is the most practical item i have ever gotten !
this phone is sleek and beautiful , so it 's hard to put a case on over all that design .
product is of very deficient quality , the screwdrivers did n 't last the first screw before the heads got damaged , it was a cheap product and a waste of money as well , do n 't buy it ! ! ! ! !
you get what you pay for . . . . as always .
for that alone , it does feel more like a loss of money out of your pocket .
once car warmed up , no issues .
but this is the fault of the slvr . update i dropped it outside , where it got rained on for two days before i found it .
if i have any problems with the duration of the battery or with its operation , i will update this review accordingly ( check the date of review to gauge how long since purchase . . .
i found it charges totally in about 3 hours vs the regular charge that takes about 5 hours for a full charge .
i bought a couple of these for my father to keep on his car 's dashboard .
i was ready to slam the storm against a brick wall .
great way to add usb to your car !
i spent $ 100 on 1200 minutes and a year 's worth of service . the only caveat to this service is that you get dinged for an entire minute even if you only used 2 seconds of it .
but i was very happy to find when i bought my motorola droid that there was a real motorola car charger available for cheap on amazon , so i was sold .
it will stop charging for no reason and a message will pop up that says charging is n 't supported for this device . so i have to disconnect the cable put it back in to make it charge again . also , it charges extremely slow .
yaay ! ! ! ) but i wish the cord was longer .
i used it just about every day , and the only reason i had to get a new headset is because it was physically damaged .
i had to replace the battery on my phone cause it had gone completely flat .
it had a very good charge on it when it arrived which i appreciated .
hope it last till phone dies .
i am a female with , what i 'd like to believe , an average size head , but at times one side would come out of 1 ear and i 'd have the worse time trying to get it coiled back around my ear to stay .
in fact , it charged my phone from 65 to 100 while i used it on a trip in just over one hour .
tried this speaker for a few weeks in my car but my wife and others complained they could not hear me over the background noise .
not too big of a deal for be .
it is small enough to forget about and since your ear is n 't plugged the outside noises sound like it 's not there . for the problem where the mic gets blocked , i 've noticed that the more horizontal i make it , the more it sits off the face .
maybe a dock would be a better choice .
this product is worth the money and i would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good portable charger or maybe just a birthday christmas gift .
works very well , for the most part .
read update ! as always , my apple cord shorted out and i was in need of another .
took 10 years to get here .
i am very pleased with this mount .
i found sometimes it will pair to the phone again by quickly pressing the side button twice ( which then causes the phone to redial , so you then need to end the call ) . the other way is to turn the phone off and back on again .
after a few more days and a few more calls to nextel that went nowhere , i called sprint ( who have not been customer service stars to me in the past ) and within four minutes had a local 602 phoenix number working on my current sprint phone .
the charger worked perfectly fine for about 3 days , then you had to out it in a certain position .
i also loaded pictures from my computer to my phone .
blackberry should have kept these as the standard issue for their devices , as they really accentuate the wonderful sound they produce .
i 've bought these for my wife and two sons ( and none of us have a motorola phone ) . but what i love most , is the price ( under $ 6 as of this review ) ! ! ! verizon would charge me quadruple for a charger . . . .
come on amazon , i ca n 't really believe you are selling this under your own name !
i can now listen to pandora radio or the songs i have downloaded to my phone through my car stereo and not worry about draining my battery at all on those long trips .
you 're out the cost of the original clip and now you have to purchase a new one ! i much prefer a less expensive option that gives you additional benefits a charging station valet .
holds a charge really well , and only really need to recharge every other day , unless making alot of calls .
while it has more colors available than the v551 the resolution does not look nearly as good .
shoots out to samsung for a great product . . .
perfect for car trips and being stuck in airport or if you want to watch a couple movies on your kindle and there is no power outlet .
this is due having the volume all the way up with the speaker and mic being so close together .
i felt that this product is excellent .
most people hold their phone by the middle not the ends .
now i can charge my devices even without my computer being turned on .
i have never been up with technology .
i keep thinking the case is going to fall off my belt , although it never has .
i needed a case that was more than aesthetic , something rugged and would protect a part of my business that is critical for day to day operations .
it is quite bulky . editjust picked up a hs850 , now that is more to my liking , however i hope there will be no issues of a broken wire in the flip boom as the reviewer above mentioned .
i was very impressed with this phone as the reviews were misleading .
this would be many times more user friendly if it had a short section of cord on the back so it could be plugged in and still positioned in such a way as to be more viewable too .
first of all i should say that i spend quiet afew hours looking for a good case for my phone .
this product is the greatest i use it for smartphone and kindle fire does n 't leave marks or smudges like others did fast service and delivery .
i would love to find another since i have to keep buying the converters for the headset jack and that 's been tough to find ones that work . as for comfort , i thought it would be better than some , but after wearing it for 30 minutes or so , i still get a little ear fatigue and need to take it off .
after much reading i found that these screens are pretty durable so i assume it was a fluke and must have hit a small pebble just right .
the flashlight is great , the laser pointer is very powerful , and it holds a good charge . my only issue is it was a little bit bulkier than i expected , it does n 't fit in my pocket with my phone too well .
thanks for the help to keep connected .
i think the dagi is more of what i 'm looking for in stylus .
i am now getting about 70 capacity from the battery which is acceptable in comparison to everyone else that overstates the true battery capacity delivery .
i 've had my t610 tmobile for about a month now ( so no word on the rebates yet ) but as for the phone and service . . .
i love the way this looks . . . is a little hard to get off if you want to but it can be done .
i have a jeep liberty so do n 't have that much dash board . ( sticky past kept coming off ) i tried it on car my vent and it does not stay were it comes in handy .
gave it to girlfriend to use on her blackberry phone , she said it got hot and it stopped working .
i have access to important buttons on the phone with the openings that they have left .
i bought this for a gift and it was dead on arrival .
i no longer have the item , so i assume it no longer works .
i noticed that the vendor keeps changing . . . i got mine from just cellular , i think , and it was fine .
this fit the bill nicely and inexpensively .
if they stuck to the phone better i would give 5 stars .
this is my second charger like this ( lost my first one . . .
i recommend this product as with all charging you have to have the right plug socket and this worked very well .
this is a very convenient device , its small and easily fits into your pocket .
i do like this product for several reasons , 1 . it is a mirror , 2 . it protects my original screen 3 . it prevents nosy people from looking over your shoulder trying to look at your phone to see what you are doing because it is too dark for them to see and 4 . it just makes your phone look cool .
when you need it you need it .
there 's nothing wrong with its looks !
overall i am really pleased with this .
the sound is clear and the microphone is located in a convenient location .
these did not work since the day i got them . the right earbud never had sound . i got a replacement , and it 's the same situation . i am not sure if it 's because i 'm using a nokia e71x , but they both do n 't work properly .
one of the most worthless items i 've ever had .
placement is a bit of a pain , but you can keep trying .
purchased this for a friend and she 's very pleased . it paired easily , works well , and charges quickly . let 's hope she hangs onto this one !
not what i thought from the ad and the pictures .
probably sells in phone stores for 3 times what they go for on amazon .
so it 's easy to pick one up or find one laying around the house . the good thing is there is a usb output .
the only way to wear it is to have half your ear lobe hanging out , which result in a lot of pain within 10min or so .
plus the strap is nice to have on wrist while on the phone ( you know how crazy people are now a days running by snatching phones , extra secure ) . best parts phone is secure in case holder when flip case over open .
i ca n 't say it charges as fast as a home charger but it is still decent and enough to slowly charge even when using my phone as a gps and the screen on all the time .
for a while , i thought something was wrong with my ipod .
when i do it that way it works just fine .
connection is sturdy , does n 't feel flimsy like it 's gonna break or anything .
i am happy i bought this for my husband , he is hard on phones .
working out in the gym or around the house is fine , but for some reason when i start moving fast or biking with my phone in my pocket it just cuts in and out frequently . . . . . which is a real buzz kill when you 're in the groove ! also , there is no way to tell how much battery life is left on the set .
i always through they were too bulky and i like more fashionable cases for my wireless phones .
fingerprints are almost nonexistent when looking straight on , and from the side i 'd literally have to say this cuts the glare and reflections by 80 . to me it revolutionizes a touchscreen for those ocd types like myself .
this adapter really works ! ! i 've had others and they just do n 't charge fast enough and you have to turn everything off !
i have been using headsets while driving for several years .
one broke because my son stepped on it , the other i lost .
after doing some online research , this appears to be a relatively wide spread problem and it appears that motorola has not fixed the problem in the newer s9 hd unit .
tight fit is the only reason for the four stars . .
they should have gone with a generic usb style charging system so i can just use a cable to recharge it . all in all i like it , but think the fit , documentation , and charging system certainly can be improved upon . updated jan 5 , 2009 i continue to like it , but have found that unless you keep it tight against your cheek , people on the other end have a difficult time understanding me .
it was way too big and i had to sew it and even then it did n 't work .
after finding myself on more than one occasion in the embarrassing position of having a dead iphone battery while my friends continue to capture and share great photos , i decided it was time to buy a portable charger .
everything ( at least with a mac ) is recognized and ready to go once it is plugged in .
bought a sony that works great , and is small .
do n 't always have time to wait for a regular charge time .
the phone is usable , but frustrating to use in my opinion .
so , this antenna actually worked for me , and i was very skeptical at first .
i thought for $ 8 these were a good deal , but they are uber cheap !
i purchased this cord because i needed a new usb cord for my htc evo . . . . it worked perfectly ! ! ! ! ! ! i should 've purchased an extra one for the price i paid )
came ontime . very nice , work great , looks great , worth it for price . im ordering more .
i suspect the blame may lie more on the lg phone side , but i am still disappointed that i need another charger to charge my lg phone . by the way , i highly recommended buying from a reputable retailer to make sure you get the real thing .
too bad verizon did n 't put one of these in with my phone with i bought it .
the cheap price enabled me to do that .
i gave up and threw mine away when it would not work correctly on any device .
i bought this one because it looked very slick and small .
i have this charger by my nightstand and plug my phone in all night .
i contacted motorola who replaced them ( with my return shipment ) promptly .
naturally , the further you get from your phone the reception deteriorates .
i accidentally forgot i left it in my sweatshirt pocket and washed it , and it still works !
i 've had no problems with this charger at all .
aside from that , the sound quality is adequate , if a bit too soft , and people tell me that they can hear me well .
in other words , there are n 't any button or handle to reopen the case , so you might end up bending it or breaking if not opened correctly .
this means you cannot use any of the zillions of standard usb cables connectors you ( i ) have lying aroundi would have returned this immediately , except that only non opened items can be returned . choose some other product , this one certainly does not work
worked perfectly i recommend them .
i might need to paint over the light so it does n 't blind me or my passengers .
help up its charge with no problem .
service was great but product not worth it !
with that said , i still think a cable should last more than a few months .
i am somewhat disappointed as the reviews seemed pretty good for this unit .
bought one , it broke on the 1st use .
i like to listen to audiobooks during my long commute .
gonna try to find my old charger and buy that when i find it .
overall a decent phone that 's a bit pricey and can be frustrating to use .
i am sure this cable works fantastically . as long as it is used with the correct phone .
if you still have a ps3 and do n 't have a headset you should buy this one .
it 's been three months and i 've only charged it once .
i purchased two usb cables for my samsung captivate i897 . the original one shorted out in less then 6 months that came with it in the at t box .
i had tried theblackberry storm 9530 phone , black ( verizon wireless ) and found the touch and press screen difficult to use , but my main problem was with all the bugs and having to reboot the phone frequently ( sometimes 3 4 times an hour at 4 5 minutes each time ) . i returned it to verizon and waited impatiently for this new phone .
you ca n 't tell it 's there protecting your phone .
people have had issues with resets , but that is more of a conflict with the many apps that you can load on it and usually can be solved .
they went on easy , lasted a long time , and protecting my screen from scratches because i always end up putting my phone in my pocket with my keys .
look this is very convenient and super easy to use .
the earpiece is n 't too big where it hurts your ear and the button work is easy .
but it was so cheap it would cost more to return it than its worth .
guess it 's time for a new pair of headphones , which wo n 't be motorola .
from past expericence with boxwave i can tell you i will be updating to a 5 star rating .
se r520m phones first generation ( years ago ) that had bt built in . i had bought a cardo allways head set in 12 03 . it was so cumbersome , neither of us really used it .
one downfall is in windy conditions .
lastly is an added bonus i use my pre as my alarm , but i could n 't always as it would slide across the table before i could turn the alarm off , but now it sits at an angle and i can see the time at night without being blinded and it does n 't slide everywhere when my alarm on it goes off . simply , i love my touchstone .
works well and i 've ordered some for gifts of other razr3 owners .
while this is a great piece , it is not worth the money .
i love it for the gym .
i used to loops to prevent my phone from escaping ( strange how they always manage to find a pool of water to dive into ) , but the loops broke after a few weeks .
i 've used them with my droid x and my droid dna .
i 'm really rooting for the pro .
the quality just is n 't there . i ca n 't comment on it 's data transfer capabilities because i never intended to use it for that purpose . i bought it for a single purpose and it does it adequately .
a slight pain in the ear , but i ca n 't imagine everyone would have that problem .
so , found at amazon website and was best deal and original battery !
seller did n 't mention here whether its brand new or refurb .
i do n 't really like to charge my phone and talk on it on the same time .
as often as i would expect to use this to recharge my evo shift when i 'm out an about , i would be buying and throwing away an awful lot of non rechargeable batteries , which is n 't very cost effective and is n 't great for the environment .
i always got around 5 hours talk time until after using it for a year and then it dropped to about 2 hours .
i have bought several charging cables and will continue to buy them as i need
bt250 and this newer bt250v are pure junk .
these are cheap , cheap cheap in all aspects .
it charged my iphone 5 up completely and still was able to add almost 50 charge to my ipad .
my mom been wanting a clear case for her blackberry curve for some time now .
i had to pick it up when it fell or use a finger to hold it while i was driving and calling , and you know you have to keep on turning your head around when driving ! 5 . you ca n 't pick up phone calls by just pressing on the button on the earphone wire . in all , i still recommend this one
i emailed the seller and they promptly refunded my money .
but it 's ok since i did n 't buy it for the speakerphone feature .
the charging cables it uses can be a bit more cumbersome than some other options out there , but the cable is retractable , which is nice , and again , it 's a much better price .
typing sound is annoying but easily turned off . i also caution that you should probably store the batteries uninstalled .
most of the time everything is good with this , works as described .
i 'll try and attach a photo of what i did both to the old case and this new one for extra 34 ; omg 34 ; strength .
one useless item and money go down the drain .
buying it on the store is twice as much .
you will need a screen protector along with this product .
if you love static in your ear then these two are for you . . . .
and if the clip is cheap and weak , your phone is going to the floor and your holster is now worthless as the clip snaps off .
i applied this two night ago and i like the idea of a permanent ( we shall see ) protector and the way it goes on .
i did n 't need it , but with tools , it 's always nice to have extra .
if you are looking for a good charger for your motorola branded phone or anything else that charges via a micro usb like my kindle fire , i would recommend this one . 3 18 14 update the above review was written after using the charger for about two weeks .
i thought it might be old battery left around and not work that well , but it is brand new and works .
it does n 't exactly reach where i want it to go with out an extension .
and chances are , those cases at seven times the price probably get marked up just as easily .
well you cannot remove the foam to rinse once in a while as you can with some standard headphones . if you do n 't mind these issues it is really good value for money .
the size is also really nice , i was expecting it to be larger than it is .
bought this for my mother in law 's iphone , and she likes it .
at this price , you could buy several more for what you 'd pay for a single battery at most retail locations .
so i came over to amazon and found a great deal on it , in fact i bought 2 ! one for my nightstand and one for my desk at work the deal was so great . i now am able to drop my blackberry tour into the charging pod at night and have it automatically turn on bedside mode so that i do n 't get email alerts , text messages or mms messages .
depending on location and what is going on around you , i am able to understand the receiver and do n 't have to have the volume up too high .
i wanted to give this a try , and i really like it . the tip is extremely soft and forgiving on my asus . . . . . no rubber tip to crack and fall off . . . overall , a solid item .
the belt clip will not turn to provide additonal comfort which would be my preference . overall , it works for what i bought it for .
it 's the t404 g phone that is whacky .
i was surprised it game in three steps , but when i put the case together and slid my phone in , i loved it .
battery came quickly and in good condition .
they do n 't seem to be of the sturdiest constructions , so i am concerned they might get damaged without a protective case .
reception is always strong with this phone .
for under $ 10 bucks this replacement gave my phone a new lease on life .
gt the product for free , basically purchased the larger charger and received this guy as a free gift .
it works fine and sounds fine , and does it being on my ear and not in my ear , which i appreciate . it seems there must be a little easier way to get it on my ear but i have not found it , but once on it stays in place and is comfortable , more than can be said for other models from what i read .
it 's exactly what i expected and wanted .
i put one on my wife 's phone and the same thing .
it does n 't charge very much at all while running google navigation on my galaxy s3 . it will keep up , and charge about 4 an hour .
it is a piece of junk i had i known it i would not had purchased ! karlac
so for the price you ca n 't beat it .
buy it now ! ( and no , i do n 't work for motorola ! ! haha )
the storm and 8900 use a different usb than the old blackberrys .
it would be a good deal at twice the price .
i lost $ $ on the deal and it did n 't work .
was not what he really wanted , but the item does work for the most part .
i paid $ 7 for it . using a horizontal case is important for a tall phone like iphone , especially if you are spending lot of time during the day on chair in front of a pc . definitely recommended buying for under $ 8 9 . i would buy it again , if needed .
i recently purchased more and they are the same quality .
however to each their own on that one .
i thought to myself , oh great , now you 've done it , you 've perforated your eardrum . but i did n 't , and when i switched to the blue tip , and held my ear out as demonstrated , it went in perfectly . highly recommended .
he recharges via his macbook so he does n 't carry any extra cables since it has the usb embedded !
they all work and do what 's expected they were just a nit shorter than i thought they would be .
i do n 't know how some of the reviewers expected them to hold a cell phone .
it was so easy to set up that i did n 't need to read the directions .
i liked it so much i got a second one for the wife . the but . . . . the ear piece volume is very low .
not bad deal for the money .
i bought this headset back in january 2009 and it is still working great !
i just bend them a little and the wire slips right in .
much to my dismay the screen is actually worse than the one on the v551 . the third is the camera .
not only could she hear me , she said it was dead quiet in the background and she did n 't know i was even on a cell phone . as an electrical engineer myself that studied dsp and signal processing , i am truly impressed by this product .
exactly the kind of dock i was looking for .
it worked perfect , no problems what so ever .
without that , the phone will constantly be being activated when you move around , and the battery goes pretty quick .
they finally ate it and sent me the correct one . works fine , holds a good charge .
this product works great , my phone died on a camping trip , and i had bought 2 of these .
i 'm going to keep it but i went ahead and purchased a dagi stylus to see if that one would be better for me .
my advice , if you use hands free a lot , pay the extra , it will be worth it .
however , for less than $ 5 , this battery is a good backup for those times when you need to go longer than 8 hours between charges .
also for the metal clip coming off the holster itself i do n 't see it happening as i have tried and you have to really struggle to remove the metal clip belt clip from the holster . i give this holster 5 stars as i ca n 't find a thing wrong with it and so far i have had it a month and its great .
i have been using this charger for my bold and curve for almost a year now with no issues .
great product charges fast and the stand up feature is a big help when you want to see whos calling
it charges just fine but my only complaint is that when i plug it into my phone it does n 't stay in there that well .
it has n 't ran out of battery power yet and is fully recharged in 10 30 minutes .
i thought this help to have good look for my two devices but this is important at last because i need to modify mini usb which is not easy from the cable but this one has small pcb inside that is giving me a room to add resistor .
people ask where i got them from it 's great when driving .
but no one seems to make one that does .
a fine product for keeping your screen from getting scratched also good if you have broken your screen to keep glass shards together
it is very handy for multi devicefamilies , especially on road trips when the old ipod video just is n 'tholding a charge like it used to and johnny wants to finish watching hismovie .
just not worth the time or money .
do n 't let negative reviews or price fool you !
i highly recommend this product ( at a very reasonable price ) if you are looking for a micro usb cable .
sennheiser makes really good products , imo . . . and many of us have , e . g . , dismounted a piece of exercise equipment , bike , etc . , and had our wired phones tugged rudely off of our crania ! ! not with these puppies . . . added on feb . 25 , 2013 . . .
needed an extra charging cable and this fit the bill .
but i am not impressed with this product i ca n 't get the earpiece to stay in my ear , except by twisting the ear loop and jamming the ear bud into my ear it hurts after just a few minutes of my 30 minute commute , or , if it is n 't hurting me , it falls off and hits the ground or gets lost under my car seat .
this worked for about a week before it stopped staying put when you pulled both ends out .
also , when we go on our next vacation , i want to use gps on my phone , so this charger was a necessity .
the key to any of these things , is not press down as hard as you would with a pen or pencil .
further , the ones that did n 't break left little pieces of debris behind .
not worth even the low price , waste of money .
no complaints on the sound quality from anyone my wife says it sounds a little like i 'm on speakerphone but it 's clear and understandable . update i had a chance to hear my wife using the headset finally and i 'm very impressed i think this headset is a keeper .
hopefully it 'll be a nice addition to newer chargers .
this functioned well for a year .
this is very lightweight and slips into your purse , pocket or briefcase .
i actually like this better than the hands free that is built into my 2007 camry .
i bought this because of all the positive reviews and was surprised when it was not very good but plantronics does not support my cell phone the treo 755p .
the only problem i have had is using the dock connector with some of my accessories , some will plug in , others wo n 't and require that i remove the case to fit the docking cable in , this is the only reason for the 4 star vs . 5 star rating .
it is very subject to wind noise ( i walk a lot ) . and there is a strange whistling humming that accompanies the wind noise . they 're not horrible , but if i 'd purchased them , ( $ 179 ) i 'd be returning them since i only used them for five days .
i was totally satisified with the cable .
also , i have a honda crv , and the dash is slightly curved , so it does n 't sit well on it .
i thought this was an awesome idea .
the signal is ok pretty much everywhere else so i got this booster for home .
also , i 've used plantronics headsets for many years and they make a great product . it 's not perfect , which is why i give it a 4 out of 5 . but it does work well , and it 's so small and lightweight you barely notice it 's there .
it is great not having to worry about carrying my phone on my person and not having to worry about cords getting in the way .
they labeled the product wrong when i searched for it , which led me to receiving the wrong product .
what more can you ask for the price ?
i just wish it were a bit louder and thus i am giving it a 4 5 . great value , great item .
the product is good , it just does n 't work for me .
gave to a friend not sure how they liked it , but my otter box makes my phone soo much bigger (
i never used it as a belt clip because it would pop off way too easy .
so if you 're thinking about getting a car charger then i suggest getting this one .
my mind is at ease using an oem product !
until someone creates a power charging grid that one can simply place their phone down on with no attachments i will stick with my charging cord .
while i find the jabra to be more comfortable the hs850 is far more functional .
does the job what is for , no heating issues but the built is not super quality neither did i expect that .
not only that a bluetooth headset could go through that abuse and still function like new , but a headset that seems relatively cheap and outdated ! so based on my first experience it was a 2 , but any piece of electronic equipment that can survive a wash and dry has to get two more stars in my book .
it is longer than what is given with the phone .
i got this to stop the hassle of constantly plugging and unplugging my charger cord to me phone .
i know it 's only $ 4 . 50 , but this is a piece of garbage that is so outdated ( made in 2007 ) that it should be in a museum .
not sure why that was selected .
they are quite thin at the end for a reason , and tend to wear out or break quickly because of that .
it 's also very inconspicuous since it 's so small .
this covers a little bit less than i realized , but it does cover the essential parts of the phone , and it is thin , so it does n 't add any extra bulk .
i tried two of these headsets and it was horrible for the person i was speaking to .
the first pair was replaced twice through the warranty .
using this stylus instead of constantly having to tap on the screen of my kindle , nexus , and smartphone helps alleviate a lot of pain for me . if you have any kind of hand pain , do yourself a favor and get one .
this is the case my wife uses in her purse since she wants to be able to slide it in and out .
then i can go ahead and feel that the bluetooth is secure , and i can charge it without having to remove the lanyard .
it was necessary to update the os when we got it , but that was not difficult .
a really simple , really great product .
returning it . also , the head band is a bit too tight gave me a headache , but i was willing to live with that for the clarity .
the microphone is sooooo sensitive and un tuned , it is particularly unusable in cars or while walking .
the cover worked beautifully on my cosmos phone and has kept my battery from falling out of it every time it falls . excellent deal ! color is exactly as pictured .
i like wearing this to listen to podcasts and music while riding my bicycle .
now i know exactly what i need to do in order to bring down my power bill .
but be careful , do n 't bump your desk you may knock the device out !
not much to review on this item , it is exactly what it set out to be .
the sound and clarity is fantastic , but when it pops out of my ear , i not only can not hear , it is dangerous if i am on the road when it happens too . i have tried everything to get this to work in my ear .
i do plan on replacing it with another voyager pro . i enjoy this headset so much , i have purchased one for both my spouse and mother , each of whom are very satisfied with their bluetooth . the only down side to this headset is if you have small ears , or wear bulky glasses , then the device does seem to be obstructive and bulky .
so , if you do n 't want to unbend a paper clip , then add this tool to your collection !
otherwise this cord is pretty useless .
hahaha ! it works and that 's all i 'm interested in .
but for some reason when you place the screen protector on your phone it creates air bubbles , which is very hard to remove .
i like its sensitivity if you do n 't , you can change it in the general settings of the phone . i would probably recommend this phone for people who are new to the blackberry world it 's a good way to get used to the blackberry interface , and develop skills on the platform before getting to the a blackberry phones ( read bold and bold 2 , as well as the storm 2 ) .
this item is just as described , and works right out of the box .
we tried everything to get it to work right , but to no avail .
in fact , based on what i had read in the other reviews i would actually say that it works better than advertised .
being a blackberry , and verizon fan for years i am so happy this came out .
but who would'nt want and extra micro usb cord for only $ 1 . 05 ? ! ? works well and i 'm glad i got it .
this only last one week . . . . the belt clip is made from a cheap plastic . . . !
plus i can see it from my seat without picking it up .
aswell as holding the sellers more liable for selling merchandise that should just be trashed or recycled ! granted i only paid $ 10 each .
i buy it for me , its very usefull , a great price for an excellent product but some times the charger do n 't work because the phone moves .
i donated it to a local thrift store because it would have cost more to ship it back than the refund was worth .
i find it easier to type ten pc instead of 10 . i 'll buy a new keyboard just for that .
you have to get it just right for it to start charging and it is very touchy . . . u move it the slightest , it stops working .
do n 't stick the tip directly into the flame . . . just hold it close enough to make the loose strands retract , and you 're back in business . edit 9 30 2013 this past weekend , i noticed my stylus dragging a bit over the screen .
definitely a good buy , especially as the price keeps dropping !
this windshield holder is perfect because it is long enough for what i need .
it came in less than a week in the mail for less than $ 3 . 00 . the at t store wanted $ 40 . 00 for the same battery .
i used to just stuff it in my purse without a special case or protection , so i am not surprised it finally gave in .
it works just fine , but feels cheap and is cheap , i guess you get what you pay for .
great set of products pooled together for ease .
overall this is a bad phone .
however , with this case , you become invincible honestly .
i have had to work in some real lonely , hard places and this jabra has really provided some good comfort .
i love the size , it sounds great and i could n 't be happier with it .
i thought this would prevent him from carrying a cord all of the time .
when i play with it in my ear , it is quite uncomfortable .
it 's also the lightest one i 've used , and it 's very easy to wear it all day without discomfort .
i did n 't want the rubber cases becase they look childish .
pretty phone caes however , the paint started peeling within the first two weeks of owning it .
the sound quality is ok , sound level is on the low side and some noises from time to time .
i have to say , i have a feeling this one is going to last a lot longer than the spigen neo hybrid i owned for 3 months before it broke .
seems to charge quicker without gps on , with it on , it only holds the battery , but better than it dying ! ! !
i had jabra when it first came out , its battery stopped charging after 10 months .
recently was addressing cards and found it very convenient to use the stand and move thru my address book . very happy with my purchase ! ! !
my razr is impossible to hear in a noisy environment but if i use this headset i have n 't had any problems .
great authentic product for great price .
i like to keep charger cords in each of the bedrooms along with one in the living room and one near each computer .
battery life and charge time seems excellent , but i do n 't have much to compare it to .
the more i attempt to remove the dried paste , the bigger the area it spreads its sticky mess . it 's not worth returning and will just throw it away and go back to the old way of doing it .
the elastic band was perfect for the job ; the leather just rips within days .
i 'm waiting three weeks for my second pod as they are out of stock , but promised delivery .
my iphone cable needed to be replaced because the wires were exposed .
it may work for some , it did n 't work for me !
at this price , i give it 5 stars .
i do n 't think this was constructed to actually charge 2 items at once .
the case fits snuggly does n 't interfere with the virtual keyboard ( although i do n 't have big fingers ) . we will probably never use the belt clip but it looks sturdy and well made .
between using our phones for personal and business , and also having our kids play games , we find that we ca n 't make it through the day without charging our phone .
it was also very cheap , so very happy with the purchase .
i can now control music to my living room with my 8900 . you will not regret this ! awesome phone .
good , not great , that 's for sure !
second , i was kinda skeptical about purchasing it because it says that its for a galaxy s and blackberry so that can mean a lot of things !
after giving these cords the benefit of the doubt time and time again i finally found the best place for them , the trash can .
the only thing missing is a case .
but this thing is great , small , and does n 't take up too much space .
made an old phone operate like new , even though it was n 't my phone .
this one is nice for the times when you want a dressier case .
when my pride got out of the way , i realized that she was right .
not that i was expecting a true flashlight , but maybe something a little brighter . switching on the flashlight vs .
i want to hold off further comments till then but in the mean time , it works and its a great value for money .
it worked well at first , but the wiring quickly started having problems .
i bought this to replace my wife 's broken screen .
i bought it because of the price and the positive reviews .
it 's really hard for me to say whether this product works as describes or not .
i purchased this for use in my home and found that it would not work for my application .
i figured these would be cheap due to the price and made crappy , however i was surprised by its durability .
needed something sturdy for our teenager .
i was willing to pay up to $ 150 for a headset that was comfortable , easy to use , and most importantly that my callers did n 't complain about .
i can use my dash cam a long time before plugging it in to the power point in my truck . the price of this battery is really good for the service that you will receive from it . if you need a new battery get one of these .
this is the best case that i have every use .
i gave it three stars since it seems to be a 50 50 proposition .
was a little concerned with this since some of the reviews said it jiggled loose .
make it a point to get good cables .
have used it almost 30 feet away from the phone without losing connection !
this was super bad . it did n 't charge my ipod at all in fact none of my i devices . it actually scared me to plug it up because it made my ipod n ipad say weird things .
worked for over a year now , no sign of a decline in performance . my phone can be navigating , on a phone call ( or streaming music ) and this keeps the battery even or even building ( samsung galaxy s4 ) . great buy , i 'd buy one for a friend if needed !
a bit more expensive than most , but worth every penny .
neither of my installations was clean enough to avoid being peeled off and thrown into the trash .
i am in no way affiliated with the company i just really like using a quality made product . edit four months later and this is still the best cell phone holder i have ever used .
you are here to review the phone , not the service .
i went through a few new android cell phones until i found one i really like ( samsung captivate fascinate vibrant ) , except for one big issue it does n 't have as good of a signal as other phones .
unfortunately i couldnt get the computer to recognize the phone so i was out of luck . . . it did n 't work for what i intended to use it for . . . but it does work . . . so only 4 stars because it works , just not the way i want it to and it arrived 2 days after the delivery date
there is really no detectable interference .
i 've seen this same charger in stores for around 20 . 00 dollars .
i did n 't even put the thing on my screen . i already have a screen protector , but i needed another one to cut up and put over the apple logo since it was exposed .
it is very comfortable and lightweight .
not really that great , but not really that bad either .
the price is well worth it !
however , after i hooked this thing up , i noticed very little , if any , improvement in my reception .
i will also add that it is better than the one that originally came with my phone !
we got this charging station thinking it would save us from the octopus tangle of wires we have on our desk but alas we found it to be just as frustrating .
then they would refund the price but not the shipping .
by the way , i wear glasses so that may be the culprit . i 'd buy them again .
you pay what you get for .
i think this is the best choise what i see , usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone
i guess i must have ears a lot larger than the people for which this product was designed .
however , the bottom line is that the product does n 't meet my needs , so i 'm giving it four stars . edit i paired the sport case with a polaroid dvf 130 . it 's a perfect fit .
just roll your windows up if your driving , or you wont be heard by the other end of your call .
we will be vacationing in an area with really bad cell service and after testing at that location , i will report back .
they should all have that feature .
the part that really bugged me is that it does n 't fit snug at all see the main photo here ?
we live in a rural area that has spotty to no coverage .
the flashlight could be a little brighter , but it does the job .
having moved over to a samsung galaxy nexus from an iphone , i needed to build up my collection of cables again .
and it 's generally too small really to do much .
it comes with a portable charger , which is a prelude to things to come . i could hear any caller without problems but in noisy environments they could n 't hear me .
and this is when i am sitting in the same spot . the buttons were a little bit hard to hit at first but after using it for a bit , they are in an easy spot to press . one more thing , i had trouble pairing it with my palm centro at first .
it is a curse so i figured i would get a rinky dink cheap one so i would n 't cry in the corner losing out on a day 8217 ; s worth of work pissed and distraught over losing my ( what is this my 6th ) bluetooth .
after using the phone for 9 months , it still shines line new not a single scratch .
sucks , never worked , hated it , threw it away .
so use the one that comes with your phone .
that rigid skeleton would only be beneficial for protection against slolwly applied even pressure , like if you were to put ur phone in a vice and slowly tighten it .
my original cable does not require me to forcibly yank out the cord .
on its own , not as useful . update 09 2012 . this product worked great for basic cell phones .
that way they can hear you when you call from the noisy car , bar , or airport .
not a convenient or very affordable solution . all in all , i 'm disappointed in the treo .
i have a galaxy nexus , and my wife has a samsung droid charge phone and we use this as our charger of choice in both of our cars .
i returned the 925 and purchased the prime and i 'm glad i did .
i ordered several of these so i could keep a few at work , a few in my truck and a few at home and it charges and fits anything i have with a micro usb plug on it .
it is been 2 weeks now and i am quite happy with the head set .
i love my replacement glass it fits perfect and i have no problem what so ever , i recommend this product .
i 've learned my lesson , luckily , the vendor gave me a full refund ( $ 1 . 50 woohoo ! ) , that being said , the vendor probably knows that his her products are questionable at best . . .
the battery life seems to be pretty good .
it does the job noblely well , but you 'd have to buy added clips inorder for you to charge extra electronic devices like the nintendo dsi or sony psp .
this is a great little item .
this holster is the best that i have found yet .
i tried it on my motorola razr and it worked fine .
so i decided to get a new battery and found this one at a decent price . i gotta say , it works great .
very simple to set up , and i wish the iphone had something similar .
this way you can use your phone like an ipod at the gym and wo n 't get tangled in any wires .
but if that 's not an issue , then both are equal imho . now for the problem where people cannot hear you , or you sound muffled or away from the phone .
i 've used it for 2 hr long phone calls , and use it to listen to music on long runs bike rides while doing the dishes .
i do a lot of news reading on my ipad .
charger itself is cheap but tips are very expensive that is where they rip you off . 3 . you get only one cable .
truly useful while driving and when you have your phone in your pocket .
i have two apple cords that are still kicking after years of use , whatever they cost , i assume it 's worth the extra amount .
the shipping arrived no later than 2 days after i ordered it , and i did n 't order 2 day shipping .
i have to say that i think samsung currently have the best software ( and i used to be a huge nokia fan ) . amazingly light , very intuitive , great audio , and just looks great .
since this was the most important feature to me i am returning the razr and exchanging it for the v710 . to bad , the razr is superior in most other categories except the one most importand to me .
purchased this case for my mother and she loves it .
was able to keep 2 iphones and 2 ipods charged up on a long trip using 1 charge .
this inexpensive solution fixed it with little effort .
however after a few months , it started to shutdown without warning ( battery was charged ) and sometimes , when this happens , it would erase the entire contents .
but that 's for another review . with batteries , as with other electronics , do n 't go cheap .
if by chance you get it on wrong , just try again or pitch it and install another as the main thing is to keep from permanently scratching the iphone display with you keys , pocket change , pens or when you drop it on a hard surface .
cannot continue to reco these earphones strongly enough .
they have been in use for several months and still work great !
i have since taken to using a different mount that does n 't require clipping the phone in .
this is a great product for multiple devices in a vehicle that only has one port , i recommend it to anyone looking for extra ports in an older vehicle . . . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i have two other chargers in my house that i just abuse on a regular basis moving them around , coiling them up , changing outlets where i connect them , and i 've been getting steady use out of them for nearly two years !
i bought two of these for the same vehicle one for the front seat riders and another for the backseat drivers . why , you might ask ?
forget about it being metal and all .
i used it again to fully charge my phone from 16 the next day .
i select only authentic blackberry products due to quality issues with other products .
i wanted something that i could put my phone into , that would charge it while also allowing it to be my gps . this device is very bulky taking up a lot of room in my suitcase .
have to be very careful to clean the screen and remove all lint or you 'll get bubbles .
not much to say but , it does what it 's needs to do and it 's cheat and it looks good !
the failure wo n 't burn up your car or burn out your iphone , but it will stop working .
i 'm used to the problems now , but wow what a miss on their part . the camera , oh it takes pictures .
this works well and is comfortable , vs the couple of mot headsets i bought , which were horible .
i bought this to charge my old nokia phone because i could n 't find the original charger that came with the phone .
not much else to say other than it works as it 's supposed to and you certainly cannot complain about the price .
i struggled with trying to get this thing to work with my blackberry 8700g for some time .
the fancy one i purchased from the hearing aid manufacturer amplified everything , so it did n 't function as i needed .
on my camera this is not true i would have to remove the entire wrap to get into the battery memory card compartment . i take pictures everywhere i go and this product just gets in the way .
i 've owned and thrown out so many that i 've come to the realization that the cheap plastic $ 5 . 00 ones are the ones that break the quickest .
it feels secure but sits a little to upright for me but i remedy that by not putting in near the edge of the desk in case it falls over .
i consider it good , cheap insurance .
no defects or issues so far .
i like the fact that there is a laser pointer as well as the led flashlight .
i would defitnetly buy this case again it 's awesome so small that it does n 't even feel like it has a case on ,
i loved this dock for the bold , at first .
that could be something i 'm doing wrong or incorrect drivers perhaps but since i really only wanted it to work with the htc thunderbolt that 's what i 'm rating it on for 5 stars .
with that said , i would n 't buy this again . august 17 , 2013 updatethe seller tried to make amends by sending me three replacement chargers .
the cord will separate rendering the cord useless .
looks real nice and charges real fast , i 'd defiantly but from you again
also , while i enjoyed the product i feel it may be slightly over priced for what you get . but overall a great product and the sound is now channelled directly into my ear so i do n 't have to keep pushing my headset in to hear .
i 've purchased 3 4 cases for my iphone 3g , and this is the one i 've ended up using as my standard case .
i have the iphone 4 and it seems to work with that .
i definitely recommend this for anyone that has an earpiece and is constantly misplacing it .
i recently upgraded to a samsung galaxy s and it fits quite nicely into this case , as well .
they come from china , i guess . . . i was n 't expecting a perfect cable for the price , just wanted something that works .
i bought this charging pod for my blackberry tour because i did n 't want to have to plug a small cord into the device every night .
the touch screen is just right , too much but tolerable garbage programs on it by nokia that you cannot remove .
why do these sound better than all the in ear options i 've tried ! ? what takes the cake is that they have great sound , but they do n 't cancel out the noise around you so if you like to ride your bike in the city like me , you can mind your surroundings .
the only downside is the backside does show scratches , but that is why i bought a case in the first place !
i would recommend this product for anyone looking for basic protection .
this thing does everythig i wanted a $ 1000 radio to do .
easily the most comfortable headphones i 've worn in decades .
liked this cover and was good until it began to stretch out .
my original review was best mobile charger i 've owned . i even bought one for my girlfriend after she saw mine .
i like the fact that it 's an authentic , real palm item , not a knock off .
if it had a turbo button , it would be perfect , but other than that it is terrific .
went from opening package to the trash within 24 hours . .
it feels really light on your ear and the sound is excellent . some of these people must be going deaf or something because this thing can get loud .
i did n 't find any difference between razr and the motorolla v300 i had earlier .
i put some paper inside of it and held it under water and it was dry as a bone .
performs exactly like it should and the price is right .
if you want a reliable palm platform , you ca n 't go wrong with this one , just do n 't expect all the bells and whistles now available on newer models .
can play my music on long trips and just riding around !
i ended up tossing it because it was too flimsy .
i have had this battery now for a month .
you will like it . the shipping was also timely .
it has proven to protect the phone from a short drop from pocket to the tile floor but i doubt it would protect against much more than that . . . . .
this could be because of the way it fits me , since this seems to work well for many others .
i could have bought a 520 for $ 2 more but chose not to because of the swivel !
the only annoying part of the size increase is that the depth is increased by about 50 . this can make it more difficult to fit in your pocket , especially if you 're wearing tight jeans .
while the unit has a good finish i am careful with my stuff and especially anything with with apple on it .
but overall the item is too unstable .
the mda used to be a real guy magnet .
i think it can accidentally turn on in your bag if the button gets pressed .
i 'm afraid of a fire or something .
nonetheless , i 'm not sure if i would have purchased this model if i had known that i was limited to 10 feet at most . with that said , i do find that reception is very clear within the 8 foot range .
in desperation , i bought a 4 port hub ( working just fine , thank you ) , but i still did not have enough ports to do the job .
the exterior design has changed a little as well ( see photo i uploaded ) . i do n 't think you can go wrong with this .
i have broken it getting out of my truck , stepped on it in the night , and caught it on objects .
i did n 't try it on an xp machine , but if you have a windows 7 system , this is not the way to transfer your media to from computer .
it looks like it has been in service 5 years .
all i can say is that this phone sucks big time .
this unit merely lets you keep it in horizontal position so you can use it as a desktop clock .
he uses it for keeping in contact while on the road and the hands free operation is the only way to go .
spend some more money and get a better casing .
i really liked that it 's an oem piece of equipment !
why is it so hard to just get a real battery to replace the oem one ?
everyone who see knows the classic candy trademark unique . if you want to give it as a gift , just remember the packet is small and is more like a stocking stuffer than a regular present .
i like this thing because it keeps me from leaving my earpiece where i have to go fetch it before i can use it .
if you can buy this stereo bt set for $ 40 and under , snap it up .
i only use it in the car because of all the issues that have been raised about driving safety .
does exactly what its suppose to do .
it 's nearly like buying a new computer .
i use this hub with my mac and it is great .
i like the size of it as i can carry it in my pants or shirt pocket .
it 's okay , but next time i 'll get a more flexible case
it was indeed beneficial to purchase it and i needed every one of the accessories .
it still does not fit real snug but is a nice case and for the money will do nicely . i would order from this seller again . .
lanyard provides a bit of extra security that i have n 't yet needed but will when kayaking .
beware , this phone takes awhile to boot up , but once it gets going , it 's fantastic . i 've read that the usb connections go bad on these phones and when my blackberry curve 8300 stopped charging , i believed it .
having to only charge at night is better than 2 3 times during the day . product was delivered quickly and arrived in very good condition .
even a novice should be able to install this protector with no problem .
i have a case now that has more silicon on it than i usually have and it 's gripping the case inside more than others i 've had , so i have to use a little more tug to get it out each time .
this happened to me in 2011 . so i bought this charger , and the overheating has not happened again .
i tried a few bt headsets and it came down to the nokia bh 800 and the jabra jx10 . both units have good audio quality .
so far i 've yet to be able to get it to fit snugly .
once that happens , you are out of luck .
i think amazon has the best price on both of these . . .
sometimes i just disconnect the bluetooth and use the handset to give these details to which i am told that sounds much better which is n 't what i want to hear after spending $ 70 on a bt headset . i would n 't recommend this headset after several months of use as it appears the headset degrades in performance .
got this for my son 's env2 but it turned out not to be the problem with his phone not holding a charge
but when it arrived , it included everything along with usb .
i bought this case for my gs4 and its okay .
and the fact that it does n 't add a lot of bulk , but feels like it will protect very well makes it that much better .
i increased the brightness to 100 and still had a hard time seeing the screen .
honestly , i was expecting to be disappointed .
that is why i shop online , so if i 'm purchasing an item that is to be used to make life more convenient , like a bluetooth headset , it really is obnoxious to receive one that is 34 ; worse than sucks 34 ; . this item did not even charge .
the cord itself is ok ; however , the plug that looks like oem and is stamped as such , is crap !
so i give the product 3 stars overall .
now it is a simple drop in and walk away .
amazon should really highlight this fact .
i fix phones , tablets , and computers professionally , and got tired of bending a small paperclip each time i needed to eject a sim tray during an iphone repair . i recommend tying a string through this so that it does n 't get lost . 5 5 , will buy again
they 're a little hard to get on , ended up throwing the first one away .
and if you are using your note 2 as a gps , it will barely maintain the current charge .
and the screen protector was good .
i was afraid i 'd drop the drive soon after purchasing it , but after seeing this case , i instantly fell in love especially with such a low price !
the tools are ok just not quite what i expected .
it seemed to have a small enough profile to allow it to travel almost anywhere i go without adding additional weight but still packing enough of a punch to recharge my phone or other electronic devices that are on the verge of dying .
no problems or complaints , and at less than two dollars apiece with free shipping you ca n 't go wrong .
finish is rubbery enough to stop it from sliding and to keep it in your hands .
the jabra did n 't have very good noise reduction and the motorola was a terrible purchase altogether .
she needs it she got it it works well great product thank you
got the xlink , which is way smaller than i thought it was going to be thankfully .
with a new contract , you can get it for $ 50 or less .
i 'm happy with the purchase . )
some may find teh buttons a bit too small , but they are well spaced so fine for my large hands .
i absolutely love the size and weight of this device .
have had a few samsung chargers like this one before , and they honestly do n 't last very long at all .
lastly my phone does not reject the the way others replacement cables have been ; so i bought extra 's to share with my family
it charges super fast and you get over 2 , maybe 3 charges in one full itorch .
for my use it does a good job .
however it was not compatible with the phone , because it did not work at all !
i need to connect the headphone then start the skype app in my iphone and log in . ( you need to follow this order ) . then it 'll work for the first call i make .
borrowed one to a coworker and rather than return it , he gave me a $ 10 bill instead .
i 've read reports of this case not fitting properly for the 8330 specifically but it worked fine for my 8330 example .
i have had my motorola hs850 bluetooth for about a week .
surprisingly this does n 't seem too cheap .
one for my girlfriend for here phone and laptop and one for my phone cradle attached to my desktop .
it is difficult to keep in the right place over my ear and i do n 't like the way the headband has to go behind my head . * when i am listening to music , a movie , or even the spoken word a person sitting next to me ( like on an airplane ) can hear what i am hearing enough to tell what is being said .
i do not recommend it . it did not last very long , is very cheaply made .
this item does what it says it will .
using it makes the sound very muffled to the point where it 's almost inaudible .
it arrived ahead of scheduled date , and has not had a problem with it .
now onto my 3rd 'phone with this gizmo and i still like it .
just be prepared if you decide to try this case .
not much to say about this other than . . .
this one lasts way better about 3 days b4 i have to charge it again .
i have owned samsung products in the past and they never have released anything as poorly built as this .
i bought these specifically because they were the brand of my phone .
i travel on a mobile health testing unit and use my laptop in the back a lot .
the front also is n 't as protected .
the signal bounces into my location and is very weak .
this bluetooth did not last me a year .
phone was recently sold , but this charger came in real handy when needed .
very dissapointed for the price i paid for this .
it also comes with a charging dock that is very useful .
it 's more like a mini computer than a phone , which i like .
you can hear your party great on the other end with no interferrence .
does what it 's supposed to do , so i got what i paid for .
the synching up was very smooth and i had no problem with that .
i wish i could report a positive review of this headset .
maybe i am not that savvy , however they stuck good for about two weeks and then got dirt or whatever underneath and ended up scratching my screen or peeling off in the corners .
anyway , it works great for me , and that minor thing is not worthy of taking of star .
i got one of this first , and tested on samsung upstage cellphone , it was great , so i ordered another one for my samsung blackjack and the att tilt , it does what it claims to do , loving every minute of it .
imp 52d itorchthis is a top notch 5 out of 5 star product .
i tried twice and did n 't get a great seal on the screen .
this is the perfect solution for those of us with pesty pets that chew .
has yet to give out on me and can charge two devices at a time , not an ipad or tablet that needs the same amount of power .
i wrote to seller and seller never contacted me .
but that 's okay , i still love it ! ! definitely will by from them again if i need wireless accessories !
the call sound was average nothing to write home about , but after 30 minutes of having to constantly keep pushing it back into my ear and reattach the ear hook , i took it off and returned it .
everyone wants to protect their electronic devices , and this is a truly cost effective way to do just that .
since i have the erp4 this not as good at that but i need the microphone but some applications can not act as expected with h microphone some static and back noise
never again will i worry about being stranded with a dead phone .
it 's hard to judge the comfort of this device unless you try it yourself because everyone 's ear and head are different . i 'm using it with a motorola razr v3m from verizon .
this was used about four times before it stopped working , it was the car side with the issue and other chargers did work in this lighter so really not worth it .
tips are somewhat easy to loose since they are tiny but every tip i have works with the device it was made for .
this screen was worth it so far .
i feel like this device would survive a 5 foot drop and keep on ticking .
was looking for this type of case for a long time .
its identical to the one that came with my phone .
found these buttons to be useful especially when im on the go .
cord should be at least 1 m long , not 12 34 ; . even a good price doesnt save this bad product .
i really like it because it gives better protection to my smartphone .
i like the otterbox but has one flaw .
forget about using it when driving a car . . . .
a new battery is supposed to last up to 10 days on stand by only .
i had to coil up all the excess . if you want to use it in a car it is too long and you will have to coil up the excess .
immediately out of the box i noted the different from the other chargers i have used .
samsung note 2 lets face it is a large phone . . .
i also like to walk around the house while talking ( ca n 't sit still ) . i use this with vonage ip phone , and aside from vonage acting up every now and then , this is the best device i 've used in the last 5 years ( from a telephone perspective ) .
kept this in my car and it worked well for 2 or 3 uses then just stopped working .
but for this price , i ca n 't complain .
yeah , i know , they warned me ; but i thought i was smarter than the average bear not so . if you have auto reverse on your tape player and you cannot shut the feature off , this will not work .
the first one had bad threads and would n 't go on all the way , the second one had a loose center pin that pushed back in when i tried to connect it .
the sound quality is decent , for this price it is hard to believe . if you 're serious about sound quality , i advise you do not expect pro quality sound from $ 4 . if you 're looking for an affordable replacement for your broken iphone headset , get this one quick .
in cases where i 'm walking down busy city street , it does n 't appear to filter nearly as much background noise . this product gets 4 out of 5 stars because i do like it a lot .
i found this and thought it looked great , and it definitely did look it when i got it .
did nothing to improve signal since i could not get a green light , presumably this would have indicated that i have a signal that my cell phone then would pickup .
just what we needed and the cost was perfect !
this bluetooth is much more comfortable than my old one .
it just does n 't have grips or stands nothing more visible to make you really want this case .
once you have it in , it does stay in well though . i definitely recommend this product .
took a long time to get it though .
the only thing that 's a little bit of a pain is that for some reason it 's very difficult to unplug a plug from it .
the 1 reason to buy ( and keep ) this phone is the slim form factor .
i was worried this would n 't work as well with the touch screen , but it 's great .
the speaker volume is great and the person on the other line could n 't even tell we were n 't on a phone .
i have used the fm transmitter a few times .
the fit is not comfortable at all .
the order was lost but the friendly customer service people sent a replacement immediately upon notification . . . and added a second free one . . . so no complaints there .
i use to always have to pack up the ( 1 ) charger that came with the phone , but these are so inexpensive it was well worth it to keep ( 1 ) at each location i tend to need a charge .
i 've used these at work for years and they have been very reliable , comfortable and have great hi fidelity sound considering they are motorola .
i bought this at the deal of the day for $ 49 . 99 . the reason i got it is because my apple touch 3g ( with case on ) does not fit on my current altec lansing im600 . and i do n 't really want to remove the case everytime i need to use it . i 'm happy with the sound quality .
this is a very cheap product in cost and quality .
it feels a bit cheap but that 's what it is .
here 's a review i did for exactly the same case that is falsely advertised as leather i 've had this for exactly 1 year for my samsung blackjack 2 and it 's not real leather .
this was a good battery but i had to get it from the post office and pay a additional 1 . 33 because the sender did not put enough stamps on it but other than that everything else was good
that 's when the cleaning cloth may be used as dust may accumulate between the case and your phone 's body . made in korea . ratingmy kid loves it and i 'm glad he does because he dropped his 'naked' iphone a couple of times so who am i to disagree ? ) other than the docking inconvenience , everything is done right on a product of a surprisingly good quality .
the materials and design are not nearly as durable as the ones that come with your phone .
it stuck out so far you could tell it was an accident waiting to happen .
this product does exactly what you need it to do which is charge your phone one full charge where you may not be able otherwise . elegant design , simple operation .
sometimes it 's difficult to get through an 8 hour day listening to the radio . 2 ) . difficulty in installation .
i got it fast ( on the 1st day of estimate ) and it appears to work great .
i cannot recommend the nokia 5800 because of the freezing problems .
i could go on and on . .
i wanted to learn more about the phone and remembered the tutorial , then i added some free apps to the phone .
bought this item from amazon , and as always it came quickly and undamaged .
it was easy to pair with my phone , my wife 's motorola v3 and even my laptop .
i looked over the reviews , i am not sure if i received something else or what . . . this case just looked cheap .
it 's a great product for a great price ! ! ! ca n 't beat it ! ! !
here are the major plus points the reception is crystal clear , and the people i call have never complained about any noise problems .
i found the imp500 ! it is the perfect iphone companion .
i had one but ordered this one for my husband to give him freedom while driving and doing chores around the house .
meaning it has a stronger receiver than an iphone 5 , which is pretty good .
i love this charging pod ! ! i put it on my bedside table to replace my old alarm clock .
took it back out and it worked .
i think overall the product is great as a external battery but there are a few things that could have been done better .
i am also happy that i was able to pick red and not just the main colors that are sold today .
has great sound but is quite plain .
so , i bought this griffin and i really like it .
being able to plant my tablet on the table and freely move about without cables is what makes these so special .
it is made of the same quality as the ones you purchase at your carriers store but with a 70 to 90 discount .
i always purchase extra sync cables , because you can never have to many .
i purchased two of these chargers for my sister and girlfriend .
love the phone , but it would take two or three batteries to get through a day .
not much to say about this .
broke within minutes of me attaching it to my phone and clipping it to wat waistband .
the audio was fine , and the party on the receiving end said they could hear me distinctly , so i thought everything was going well .
so , when we are travelling away from home , she 's glad to trade a little extra room in her purse for a lot of extra battery life .
this charger is just right to put in your pocket for an outing .
i bought this to hold my nexus 5 and to leave some room with the case .
all and all , it is a good product .
this is surprising since the battery is so small . the build quality is great .
it 's cheap , simple , and it works ! ! now i can easily take out my sim card from my iphone and change it to another one . ( i sometimes travel between countries and i 'm using an unlocked iphone 4 ) easy to carry , easy to use .
it works very well with my ipad and i periodically use it with my phone ( droid max ) . if i lose this one or wear it out , i will buy another . suggestions make the tip retractable or provide a tip cover to help keep dirt of it when not in use .
i wo n 't use it because i worry about losing my phone . i have a samsung galaxy note ii and was looking for a vertical holster .
the newer models appear to be riddled with minor bugs issues , so why not stick with a winner ?
i made the mistake of purchasing one of these at the at t store for a ridiculous price compared to amazon .
let 's just get down to it .
phone companies just got cheap and decided to stop sending phones with a power cable and a data cable separately , but in the end , you will go out and get yourself a standard power cable . . . like this one , which is just fine . . . quality wise and price wise .
no more sounding like i 'm in a tunnel .
not sure what people are raving about .
it makes charging much more convenient .
i am also getting static and cannot use very much .
after 5 minutes of driving , i had to remove my phone before it fell out . this is a good idea that was implemented poorly .
it 's a great phone with nice features , easy to use and pretty too .
i have an htc thunderbolt and rezound which are both not very nice to their small stock batteries .
i may look like a geek , but my iphone is always to hand ! )
there is a minimal amount of wear and tear showing now .
it feels very tight and i feel my phone is perfectly secure inside it .
i bought this for a friend of mine who has the samsung blackjack 2 . unlike other wired headsets , when you use this you cannot plug it in before or after a call .
this thing is n 't comfortable at all . . . and does n 't stay on my ear worth a darn . it has good connection quality . . . but i can barely use it .
that 's why it only gets 4 stars .
i recommend these follow instructions carefully though to avoid bubbles or lint on your screen .
i purchased this to use in my vehicle so i would n 't have to use a head set or worse hold the phone while driving .
the only thing is that i got occasional sound issues where it was staticy or it would break up randomly .
one in the car and one near the computer . the price can not be beat .
after a lengthly resolution and a refund , i found that it was cheaper to buy the ac adapter with a usb cable than the usb cable alone ( what ? ) so , why not buy another one ?
if it breaks , you 're on your own .
so i 'm reducing the rating by one star .
new cables fix the problem it 's not my phone .
if you 're looking for an extra charger to throw in an overnight bag or keep at the office , this is the perfect companion .
that said , it also sticks tight when i * do n 't * want it to easily come off . that 's the good news .
this case is nice and slim , has a nice texture to it , it protected my phone for a long time , but while it saved the phone it broke in the last fall .
the majority of that 5 minutes was from thoroughly cleaning the screen .
it does n 't do it on its own like most headsets .
the volume buttons are n 't the easiest to use when in your ear , but i always have it on high anyways .
but it 's not the main reason i bought it !
stay away from this it is cheaply made garbage .
now it doesnt see the charger unless i push it in hard and when i do , or use a different charger , it never charges .
i 've made the perfect holder for the iphone . . . at least for me .
there is no need to over tighten the rotation bolt , the mount does not rotate unnecessarily .
the rounded end is both blessing and curse as it 's large and easy to handle , but can get in the way unnecessarily .
this unit does exactly as it sez .
the paper foil was coming off the battery when i open the package but folding back in place worked , once it 's in the phone it is not an issue .
i have a headset that works fine on my home phone that i wanted to convert for my office .
i had my reservations about them as they were so inexpensive , however let me allay your fears , they sound incredible ( and i am coming from expensive wired headphones ) , can take and make calls .
i use it for my phone and it charges !
overall i am very happy about the purchase .
literally fill have to drain them every 15 minutes or so .
i am by no means an audiophile but for people to say these have good sound is crazy i was so excited when my iphone got the 3 . 0 update because i thought for sure that stereo bluetooth had finally evolved ( based on these reviews ) my first experience was with the motorola s9 which sounded crappy too .
i found the headset to be much more comfortable than the jabra bt250v that i used to have .
they used it for two days a full day in san francisco and another full day in sonoma , mainly using it for video and calls to the kids .
very nice . i use it on my apple iphone 3g , amazon kindle , samsung phone , and a motorola pebl phone . highly recommended ! !
easy to break though ! i bought this holder three times over the last 12 months .
i use this headset almost daily , have for the last two years and it 's still going strong .
i have 4 external drives and a printer and various other devices that require usb , and all i have to do is disconnect it from one computer and plug it into the other and everything works great .
the other party can hear me better ( which i attribute to the longer mic . ) , but they also hear everything going on around me too .
it 's perfect for an expensive item that sometimes gets dropped .
never know when you might need the extra battery power .
if you are looking for the best bluetooth , this is the best one out there .
the first of the series anyway .
works perfect just like my old one .
save your time and effort buying cheap crap on ebay .
it sure makes it nice to just drop my bb in and not have to fumble trying to plug or unplug the ac cord into the bb every night .
it does n 't have weight to it , but it is bulky .
i had more usb adapters then i knew what to do with .
other than that very high marks , easy to pair , charge , and use , and as long as you 're close the sound quality is great .
by the way , this experience was inside a luxury car , not a cardboard car .
well worth the expense i will be purchasing these again .
my only complaint is that access to the volume buttons is restricted ( i use them for skipping music tracks while i 'm driving so that i do n 't have to turn the screen on ) . original 11 march 2014i 've only had the case on the phone for a couple hours , but i thought i would give you an update of what works .
i do agree with some that the fit is not always the most comfortable with eyeglasses , but it fits solidly on my ear , does not fall off , the range is outstanding , and the voice quality is the best of those i have had .
also if you are not careful you will shut the phone off when it 's in the case . ( my phone has no case or bumper installed ) if they increased the size a tiny bit it would be perfect .
it also pulls out to whatever length so that i can just pull it out a short way to plug my phone in and the cord is not everywhere .
very inexpensive but the daughter loves it !
by month 4 , it was dropping more calls than it was answering .
i would rate this a great bluetooth and recommend it to others .
the quality is a little low , but so far so good .
sound quality is very good and the unit is quite comfortable for those of us with small ears .
i may even try it myself since it looks like there is room to work in there and i have an electronics lab to play in .
the only reason i am giving this 4 stars is because the power button has a cut out to push it , but its a little sunk in .
still works after taking some beating .
it takes a little getting used to in your ear .
i do n 't know how many times i unplugged or ripped my phone out of my pocket when the wired headset cable got snagged on something .
it 's useful for so many things .
these are cheap alternatives , but will work great if applied correctly and evenly .
the motorola h500 is a very good unit .
bottom line is this works great and i did n 't pay very much for it _
i either had to hold the phone or place in my shirt pocket .
it 's inexpensive and does the job .
i wish the strings were a bit longer , but they work just fine .
i really like these power meters , but some of them are not very accurate .
i 've bought these before at the mall for 15 dollars for 1 , and they worked great and the guy used a tool to get them to stick without bubbles , but i couldnt get them to stick without bubbled popping up everywhere .
i did not spend much money on this , but it is functional and it really is not a perfect fit for the iphone 4s . . . . but it will work . . .
i had 3 s9 's . . all worked great , but after sweating into them while running , the volume keys stop working . . so off they go to motorola .
ok , how many people know the difference ?
i got this for my wife so she 'd have something to use in her car to make driving while talking a little easier .
if you own a window 's xp computer , this will work very well . the only negative i can find is that the headset is not adjustable and thus may not fit everybody comfortably . ( my wife , for example , ca n 't get these to sit well . )
i have no reason to believe the unit is any more or less rugged than any other at any price , so for the very reasonable cost of this one , i think it 's a great value .
if you need the most protection available for an 8300 series this is it bar none .
totally awesome , it was made with good quality and i would purchase this again in another color it still looks new !
i keep the phone in landscape position and it 's rock solid .
that sort of worked , but what a ridiculous thing to have to do .
works just fine with my iphone 3gs and the usb port is nice if i have multiple devices or use my iphone 5 .
my only gripe is that the cut outs are a little off .
love this case very durable and lasting this is my husbands 2nd case in three years he is a cabinet maker and lots of dirt and saw dust , when he takes the case of to clean it every 6months his phone still looks brand new .
it 's like when there is christmas and the kids only want to play with the box .
this holster is functional but , as other reviewers noted , it 's not built to last .
it has been working great for my blackberry curve .
respectfully , much of this is dependant on the phone also i . e .
i saw where one reviewer stated that you ca n 't access the volume rocker button when the touch is in the case , but unless they bought a different product other than the one on this page , that is simply not true .
i sleep fine in any bed , with ( or without ) any pillow .
i started using the headset that came with the iphone but it is truly junk .
this one charges about as quickly as i 've seen a car charger do its job , has a very nice decently long cord , seems well constructed , and does n 't leave me worrying about how much shorter the life expectancy of my phone is going to be if it does n 't get fried in the meantime .
i would recommend it to anyone who needs the protection for their phone .
after a little confusion in the part of set up ( because someone wo n 't read the instructions ) we charged this bad boy up and he was chattering away . and then i discovered the wonder that i had never known . . .
cheep is cheep , if you 're gonna get this put tape around the either end to help reinforce the weak spots at either end and do not pull n the cord itself to disconnect .
not much else to say about it .
i bought this for two reasons the comfort and the clarity .
i needed another usb cord works well with my my iphone .
as it stands i might be able to get a couple other cables or things into the top part so it 's probably a net plus .
this is a good deal as a second charger in case i misplace or change cars .
i had no problem with the battery nor the shipment .
super easy . ( and also small and kinda cool looking . ) so far , i 'm really pleased with the purchase .
so when you buy a new phone , go online and buy this charger instead of paying 5x as much at the stupid verizon sprint tmobile etc store !
one review mentioned that it worked perfectly when he purchased it back in 2008 . that person added onto his review to say that they changed something in the design because he has this same problem with the adapter .
this case is fantastic in that it does n 't get in the way .
this thing does what it 's supposed to do and does it well .
however , i just love the sound .
received items in a timely manor .
i bought this for my phone and it did n 't even work .
however , the screen protectors do n 't seem to want to stay on after a while .
i was able to charge my galaxy s3 from close to 0 about 3 times before exhausting the battery .
after looking at the reviews , i took a chance on this charger and it seems to do that job very well .
no big deal , took me 30 minutes or less to download . 148 , the new os .
it was pretty good except the belt clip was way too tight !
she has n 't complained about it since 34 ; fixing 34 ; that issue so i 'm giving this a fair review of it 's neither bad nor good as it is exactly as described . one note , my seller sent the item in a 34 ; sealed 34 ; bag .
the metal clip was the only part i had a problem with .
i am returning the whole package to amazon even though wilson electronics was able to send me an adapter in the next week or so , but the primary reason i purchased this product was to use over the holidays where the place we were staying had little reception .
no need to loop it , it does it all for you .
in this case , the extra price i paid was well worth it . the headset is so comfortable , i sometimes forget i 'm wearing it .
the controls are conveniently placed and work great .
i will buy this at this price for the cable alone .
i just need to learn how to use all of its features ! ) thank you !
i bought this because of all the positive 5 star reviews .
when we went snorkelling there were free lockers to use , so i did n 't actually use it in the water , but i would have felt safe doing so if lockers were n 't available .
great value compared to what other retailers are asking for a similar device .
be advised there are better prices for this exact item on amazon , so please keep looking . this having been said , the item was shipped quickly , and arrived so fast that i almost had to duck .
as long as you are not expecting crystal clear strong booster ability , one should be happy with the product .
i think for the price it was a great investment
it worked for a couple days , before starting to go in and out , then i noticed the smell of smoke .
if you have a tight area to put a charger in , this may not work .
this headphones are the best there is at the market , the sound its amazing and they are well build .
at their loudest , they 're just below where i usually listen to music .
if they could make this binaural that would be even better .
but no data , thick and stiff cable , you get what you pay for , keep looking for better cable reviews and pass on this
so , the cable itself is great , but it 's virtually worthless ( and probably the reason for the incredibly cheap price ) without proper software .
great , inexpensive , and does n 't have bubbles .
i have the blackberry pearl 8110 . ever since i got it , charging it has been a huge hassle due to a faulty usb port .
do a little demo and now they wish android had one .
the only complaints i would have are that it does not come with a docking station ( must be purchased separately ) and the only way to make it a great phone from a good phone is to add close to $ 100 worth of various 3rd party software .
they should have saved some research money for the speaker .
unless there is something better , this will be my next phone .
thought others might want to know in case they also receive one with a different model number like this .
wo n 't buy from this manufacturer again .
i bought this to use in the car with my samsung galaxy s3 . i originally had a samsung epic 4g ( sprint ) that has the usb port on the top , which meant i could keep my phone in a cup holder and simply plug the charger into the top .
i love the fact that the led on it does not light up until it is plugged into the phone .
it is pretty protective , and it has protected my phone from a couple of drops .
it sounds clear as if you were on your home phone .
at that point you can turn the unit on by holding down the power button .
and hurt my ear to wear it . other than that .
of the 4 i purchased , this was the cheapest and my favorite .
it does the job ( as expected ) for my apple devices and the pricing is excellent .
now i have a charger at my work desk , in my laptop bag , and at my home .
all the tools you need are here ( the star screw driver is the only thing thats not really standard , but here its all in one place ) . just do it .
i gave it 4 stars because it does n 't consistently automatically connect to the lg env phone after pairing the two devices together .
sound is not quite like my bose qc15s but really good !
this holds true as the listener on the other end of my calls did not hear much wind or interference .
literaly just opened it and it was broken at the top . . .
i bought this as a portable phone holder for while i travel and use rental cars .
there is a good reason this is included with the original phone , it has important functions that will increase not only your phone 's life , but your battery life as well .
when i downgraded from a higher national plan to a lower national plan they took away all the minutes i aquired in a year .
bought this for my iphone , works great .
but i 'm not sufficiently pleased to make a recommendation . construction seems good enough for something like this , and it came with an attached snap hook ( for what ? ) . i sure do n 't get the wristband thing .
the bass packs a strong punch and plentiful , but not to the point where its overpowering .
this is my third h series headset and i really wish i would just quit trying any other brand they 've always been outstanding performers for me .
i 've been a wilson fan since their days of manufacturing hf yagis and love my wilson sleek .
so everyone in the car will be able to hear the conversation , and everyone in the car is able to speak to the person on the other end of the call .
the call quality is clear and the range is acceptable as i walk around my office .
however , i ordered these buttons because they were a great deal and included a free screen protector .
i actually love how it looks , so it 's of no hindrance to me .
it is a convenience in a somewhat limited way and definitely not a necessity .
the case was way to big for that .
easy to put on and if your like me ( clumsy ) you will sleep better at night knowing your phone is safe .
i am sure that says it all
battery life is fairly long for my use , almost a week .
he could not hear anything but my voice loud and clear .
i am really rough on cell phones and headsets .
i put this on yesterday and it was a good fit . . . . hopefully it will protect to a certain point and keep it clean .
i still think the unit is worth it , just think about an additional power supply if you are susceptible to power failures , lightning strikes or both .
nokias are great , it 's way out of date these days and speeds crawl compared to modern 4g phones , but it is perfect as a backup phone that does just a little more than a flip phone .
but not too much to stop using it the sound quality is the best i 've used so far . * * * * * * * * * * updated 6 28 2012i was correct in my initial review , the slide out mic was a problem .
and keep it charged . . . . oh , you ca n 't wear it too well w certain hats as they will rub against it and it will start to loosen up up and move about in your ear . but all bluetooths seem to do that . this is the one bluetootht i finally actually use after years of hating and usually not wearing one . . . put phone on speaker to drive hands free all those years . . . . oops ! not anymore ! !
i charged my blue tooth and it did n 't start so i thought might charger is not good and i almost got ready to return but then i saw videos on you tube and then i came to know how to use blue tooth .
earpiece is comfortable and can be worn for long periods of time with no problem .
the other just does n 't work and gives me an error .
someone always seems to need one , or the cord can crack at either hub .
you ca n 't walk more than 3ft away from it before it starts to sound flaky .
we went to a dirt track race a couple of weekends ago and it gets pretty dusty i had no issues with get dust inside the case and it wiped off nicely . i recommend this case to anyone who has the 3g iphone .
this makes him have to clip the case holster inside his pocket instead of outside . . . . which makes the holster pointless !
if i pushed it in harder , still one side wo n 't go in completely , then the other side would have hard time to pull out .
worked as advertised for my kindle fire . length is well over 3ft for me ( did n 't measure exactly ) so the earlier complaints about 1m vs 1 . 5 probably have been resolved .
i bought these as in more than 1 thinking they would work on my home cordless phones and they did not as in you can hear the person on the other end but they ca n 't hear you talk ( .
loved it not much more to say about it .
you can save numbers in the phone book and you have a mute button which i use often .
i turned out this fit better than my original one .
i was skeptical at first about just popping this in my ear without a hook .
these days when i am walking around the grocery store i feel like i am in a star trek movie watching all the various people walking around with devices de jour sticking from their ears . but when i do use headsets , this jabra extreme has been one of the better ones i have used .
although i will say that it will make your phone feel a lot heavier and more bulkier .
overall i 'm glad i got it but to get five stars it would need to be custom made for the jawbone 2 , not inadvertently turning it on , and taking up a little less space .
but sound is kind of shaky , almost like the magnetic head is not making good contact .
perhaps lighter colors would n 't show that as much .
having read the reviews i expected this .
that could be my issue . if you need a good charger for a cheap price .
the replacement is holding up much better , but it 's gotten a bit floppy .
not sure how long it would take it to charge it to full , but the connector fits great and it seems to hold a steady charge even when using google navigation , which is all i really got it for .
it was nice to have a case that would protect my iphone .
if you do n 't want to adhere the clip you can spend another 35 bucks on a rubber sleeve that you can put on your phone , i already have one for protection i do n 't need another . the whole thing works with magnets so both the clip , tip and charging mat is metal and looks like it will scratch fast .
then the micro usb connection wore out and became loose . the wearing out of the micro usb connection appears to be very common among cable manufactures . the price is so low though that i did purchase another one just now . if the connection is loose , i will return it . and yes . . .
i used this case for two years and today i popped it off my iphone 3gs because it got too dirty in all of the crevices .
as of august 17 12 54am est , i have not heard anything from the company . this could be an isolated case .
i have used this speakerphone for about a year now and it is great .
it works perfectly , i receivedthe item at the time stated and at a wonderful price .
it does n 't heat up or make me think i cannot leave it charging unattended without my car catching fire .
this item was delivered in just a couple of days .
not much to say about these things . .
and with the huge range , i 've actually misplaced my phone while cleaning my apartment , yet still being able to listen to music , and answer all calls and texts !
it lets you fully charge your phone and then some .
when i am running errands ( i work in nyc ) , i just hook it up to my phone ( and leave the phone and charger in my purse ) and voila !
update i dropped this back down to 3 stars . the first time my wife dropped her iphone while using this case her screen shattered .
since it has been comfortable to wear i just have to be extra careful ( as a member of club idwmhwianui ) to take off the headset when i am not using it !
i like them because ( 1 ) they keep my screens free of fingerprints and ( 2 ) they are more accurate than my fingers . if you use the pocket clip on the stylus , you will need to be extra careful .
the case came in before the due date , but it did take a while .
the cover was damaged when i got it the middle heart had fallen off , however it was no big deal to glue back or even looked beautiful without it , but i think it was because of poor packaging .
so far , seams to last a lot longer compared to the one that came with phone .
i 've used it several times to remove the sim tray from a couple of iphones and it works like a charm .
the main problem was that i could not hear them .
people without the right shape of ear , or without the patience to bend ( and break ) a few earloops before getting a mediocre fit generaly rate this lower or wind up returning it .
there is not much to say about this other than it is what they say it is and it worked and got here on time .
this is the i get what i pay for . it is cheap looking and it is bulky .
the hdmi cable is not compatible with my pc , so i will have to purchase this aux line . and after i dismissed my tv set , i use it every time i rent a car without bluetooth connection . )
this protector works as expected nothing really important to say about it , son if you need a protector this one will work
love it , way easier to apply ( though make sure you are in a lint free zone ) . a must have for the iphone .
this is my everyday case now .
but accessories are easily found at walmart or online . this is a great addition to tech family .
no less than three friends and acquaintances suggested i look into otterbox and recently i finally did .
it does the job just fine .
i hate when my headset falls off when i travel and i lose it in the rush to get all my crap off the plane .
i ca n 't imagine trying to hold onto the iphone without something around it to say nothing of the repair bills . larry
all in all it gets the job done .
i used this on a long 20 hour flight ( multiple connecting flights ) and it recharged my phone fine on the first flight .
these are the very best quality at a awesome price . save $ 20 . over a cell phone company price .
i did n 't feel that it formed to my ear very well at all , and eventually broke .
it was also a super price .
it 's still not bad for the price .
this mount is fantastic and the most steady and versatile i have ever used .
i went to great lengths to make sure i bought the 33 dollar one direct from amazom .
does the job , connectors are tight , build quality seems fine and i do n 't get any weird rustling sounds when the cable gets moved while i 'm listening to something .
and i have not charge them twice yet . . .
the build quality blows everything else i 've tried for this phone out of the water .
wow , i wish i 'd have read the other reviews before actually purchasing this product . design horrible .
the only problem with the previous version was the fit .
however the big flaw with this unit is that the ringer on it is so quiet that you would have to hold it right next to your ear to hear it .
i charged up the battery and use my phone for just under one hour .
henry ford said you could buy the model t in any color as long as it is black .
i was attracted by the price but they are tough to make function with my kids phones .
the charger is great , i have several from remnants of past palm products .
not sure if my daughter was playing with it or it just came off .
i initially bought this to avoid having to overuse the usb port on my blackberry tour ( or just to be lazy ) . you simply plug your existing charger into the back of the unit , out of the way , and set your phone right in the cradle .
be certain that your device is listed .
only have to charge phone now every other day , instead of every day now .
the screen protectors did exactly what you would think they should do , they protect your screen .
i have no problem hearing the other person .
it is quite useful and the laser is interesting if needed for use on the road .
i highly recommend this durable item . 5 stars ! !
for the price , i recommend this product .
also tried at home and it works but very spotty inside .
it came with a mount that i placed as far up the staircase as possible and as soon as i turned on my computer i was shocked to have a good signal reading .
screen is responsive but could be brighter .
i had power support covers on every iphone i had and it totally worth the money .
i 've used the g1 , treo 's , sidekicks , windows devices and others , this trumps them all . the 8900 is not my first blackberry .
not the fault of the cable , but it is the reason i purchased it .
i bought this for my iphone 4 and ipod touch 4th generation .
eventually couple of days later a fearless friend of mine pried it open with his extremely sharp almost surgical quality blade .
i find myself replacing them about every 6 months , so this time i went with an otterbox case .
my cell is well charged with my brand new usb port , and the price was just right !
it could n 't hurt to try it if you have issues with your current set up .
i replaced it with this one , you can never have too many charging cords .
i 'm not sure if it 's a rapid charger but it charges fast enough for what i need
the screen is bright and colorful .
i keep the pad on my desk and plugged in which is not only convenient but also serves as a visual reminder to charge the phone when it needs it .
the itorch is small enough to fit in my pocket with my phone . it is a must have if you own any electronic device .
the call quality is really good as well .
this is the best case for those who take care of their phone .
i followed the instructions and the protector went on with no problems at all .
it 's a great deal , so i jumped on it .
if you need that many extra charges away from a power supply it might be better to look at a backup that uses aa batteries and cary a lot of them with you .
excited about this based on good reviews , but did not have the same experience . tested on my nexus s cell phone , person on the other end complained about static and poor quality sound .
before we bought this amplifier we had to run outside into the parking lot to be able to maintain a conversation .
i 've tried many speakerphones and this one is the best by far .
these were cheap and did exactly what they were supposed to do , protect the screen on my phone .
charges quickly , is small and is s very attractive device .
so i can turn the volume up and hear even the softest voices while traveling on the highway .
i just walked away from the phone and when i came back it reconnected immediately . other comments the eyeglasses clip is a great idea but i 'll have to modify it to work with my thin wire frames .
i recently broke my other usb , and i found this one at a great price !
product worked great for the first couple months , since then the uplink audio on mine has deteriorated to the point that people cannot understand me very well , even in quiet environments .
we can both hear each other clearly while he 's driving on the road .
jmho ; they 'll never look as good as the phone 's screen itself ; everyone i know who try to put them on wind up with stuff stuck under the screen protector , creating bubbles that will make your phone 's beautiful screen look like crap .
it is not a knock off .
first we thought it was great , nice fit , appeared to charge just fine .
this charger is reliable for about 6 months .
got this for my gps for my motorcycle ( tight on space ) . it died a few months after i got it and i contacted belkin for a replacement ( outside amazon 's return window ) . got the rma , sent it in , and a new one showed up .
since most my tips are pretty large it takes some creativity to get them all to fit . the kit is compact enough that i can throw it into my bag and not have to worry about it taking up a lot of space .
i have owned many phones over the years and a lot of expensive cases . this by far is the best case i have come across .
and it repairs whenever she gets in the car with her phone .
the cord is kind of short though .
i bought this to use in my car to sync my ipod with the radio .
it is hard to write a review on a cable .
i ordered this case for my daughter who picked it out the price was cheap . . . . the case was not it was a hard case but the back is soft and the design is pretty would order agian
purchased 2 of these handy little gadgets , and love um ! , the are small enough to carry in my pocket without the cord tangle , and work as stated on my iphone 4 , and 3g . . .
can be used for lots of different places , other than the vehicle . . . very securely mounted . . . can even talk on the telephone using it . . . )
i 've purchesed the s9 from volume cellular and received the item as promissed .
but with all the other good stuff that it does have , that little detail does n 't bother me a bit !
on occasion if i 'm on speakerphone and someone else on this headset model or vice versatile then there 's some slight choppiness but , for the most part it 's the best headset imve encountered so far .
i liked it so much that i 've purchased a 2nd one to give to a friend who is always breaking his bluetooth by stuffing it unprotected in his pocket .
not a big thing though this is cute , convenient , gives lots of protection and i liked it much more , for my needs , than any hard or vinyl cases i 've seen .
the problem is that i ca n 't keep them on that long because they press on my ears were the ear bud sits .
of course , unlocking your phone will void the warranty but i could n 't resist .
i do n 't know much about amps , etc .
the following morning , i used it to re charge my iphone5 whose battery was only 50 charged and within one and a half hours it was fully charged after connecting to the itorch imp52d .
there 's no point in having a cute bt if i ca n 't use it .
i hooked up this booster behind my desk and my old fogie computer performance seems like a babe again .
in summary , it looks cool , it 's functional , i 'll wear it to the gym , but it sounds substandard . update downgraded to one star .
for the price though you really ca n 't beat it .
i got this phone for $ 230 which is not bad considering the cost of smartphones out of contract at the stores .
it comes with a nice little pouch to keep it in so that it does n 't get all scratched up .
my device can at least be in my pocket while i am walking , and i will be able to play music with little to no interruptions . if you are torn between the s305 and lg 's sad attempt at making a headset , definitely do go for the s305 . it is cheaper , more practical and just plain works better .
funny how apple cannot afford to include the tool necessary to open the sim tray ! ! ! well , if you purchased an iphone and find that you need to open the sim tray , you can either try to bend a paperclip and try to get it in straight , or you can order this tool .
bought this replacement battery for an old phone it helped me sell the phone fast .
i ca n 't find anything comparable in price for the same capacity . * form factor .
i wish there was a version that had a shorter bendable arm , but all i could find were ones that were not bendable , just somewhat adjustable . overall , a good product and i 'd recommend it .
i love this case and will never be without it !
but if you want a mirror cover these are very good .
it was a good price , you ca n 't go wrong with 1 dollar protector , they are not the best of the best but they work .
i updated firmware and exchanged it for another , but still kept dropping connection and i even emailed jabra for help , gave up and bought the jabra sp200 from amazon and it has been smooth sailing ever since !
i really like this one , i do not know what happens with my ears but everithime i try ear buds the just come out of my ear but not whit this ones , they just fits perfect to matter what .
it 's been sitting in a drawer for five years and some of the keys stick , but they can be prised up with the corner of a credit card .
it does n 't get much better than this .
this little bluetooth speakerphone is a good choice to amplify the conversation at home , even in the party , and carry it in the pocketthe plus is usb charging , that i can use any usb power supply to chargethe only minus is , i ca n 't put it too close , or the sound is cut offother than that , i am mostly happy with it
otherwise , i suggest looking at other designs .
i managed to get it on a bit crooked on my first try and discovered the rainbow effect again .
the problem was that they are far and away the most uncomfortable headphones i have ever had .
i do n 't yet own an iphone , so i am unable to talk about the microphone headset component .
no flaws and they have the film to remove on both sides so the screen has no scratches on initial application . the cut was not exact which is ok ( the earpiece was a bit off ) but the home button was dead centre ! you know who to buy it from ; ) there was a minor mix up and the seller promptly sent another !
i bought three of this charger , the first was more than a year ago and it was good but i lost it so i ordered another two . i expected a much faster charging rate with the 950mah .
it is really quick and am amazed at how i can charge my phone up twice on it .
i love this thing cause i can charge my iphone and ipad at the same time .
the downside is that the battery life seems a bit sub standard .
the only other thing that you may run across is when there is wind , it completely drowns out the ability to hear or for the other person to hear you , so you have to use your hand to protect from the wind when outside .
definitely a much better headset than the other two motorola models that i also own it is loud , clear and the battery lasts a good two days between stand by and light medium use .
i honestly ca n 't imagine bluetooth getting much better than this .
other headsets i have tried do n 't stay on , flop around , or are just in general uncomfortable .
the itorch charge is relatively fast , just a few hours .
but after using it some days the ear covers are gone .
so , get the case . . see for your self , it gets alot of attention , but there may be other stuff out there that holds a bit better , like the icase .
so i have to start the car and leave it charge for 2 . 5 hours ?
they do not have a nx409 or nz409 . . . the screen does n 't even know the phone is there until a call comes through .
i got this case for my nephew , and he claims that it was not what he expected .
even if i ignore the fit problem ( a deal breaker for me ) the sound quality was poor .
its a durable case i read some of the reviews and i was a little paranoid about buying it but once i got it and seen what and how to install it correctly i am happy with the results .
the portable charger is nice too in case you do n 't have an outlet availble and need to recharge .
but i did n 't like the phone without a case because it is very slippery .
from that time on i keep my phone in my back pocket
other than this the case was great .
this is probably the best bb for the money .
with the supplied cable the charge rate was so low that if the phone was not in standby ( or off ) it would not gain any charge at all , and might even continue to drain .
that my friends is dedication to one 's time commitment .
perfect for taking to a motel room when sometimes you do n 't have a close outlet .
about the only downside is that it lacks a usb port , so i can simultaneously charge my tablet .
i know logitech and have used a lot of their stuff with good results so i tried it .
it 's by far the smallest portable batteries i have and i love it .
i was able to get this at a great price through a kindle deal .
install or ask them to do so .
you got what you paid for .
if you 're not familiar with wilson 's products , they are top notch quality .
i 've used a few of these screen protectors and i love them .
i can honestly say that these batteries last a very long time !
my wife was alwsys 'helping me understand' that it is dangerous to drive while holding a cell phone in one hand and talking with the other hand .
other than that , they are fine .
how do they sell something so cheap and yet , it works just fine ?
for all cell phone types , but as it happens it only works with iphones .
using this thing all the time now and keeping spares in the car for when bluetooth gets fussy . . .
it 's a great case that has definitely saved my phone on a number of occasions .
i made use of all three .
now about a year later it hums makes a constant buzzing noise even with only one phone plugged in .
i am lucky i did n 't have the opposite problem , the off brand charger could have fried my phone !
its a fast charger but only lasted under a year .
the other one i use to charge my phone off my laptop , as well as to transfer data .
it adds sufficient usability to make it almost a requirement , and with the bold price ( pun intended ) there is no excuse . all said , i definitely recommend !
they either fall out , feel like they 're on the verge of falling out , or are so loosely in there i ca n 't hear the sound coming from them properly .
also the led light and laser pointer make itreally ideal for the person to carry it around at the office or to work . also it would be great to store in your car since sometimes i would dropcoins or a pen in my car at night and need to find it and the led lightwould be perfect for that .
this item came quickly and was as described .
i just upgraded to a smart phone from my old school flip phone and knew i would need a car charger to keep my samsung epic from dying on me constantly .
but if you 're stuck in an airport and need to charge something before a flight , it sure beats not having any charge at all . i assume they designed it that way because it 's a more efficient use of battery power than a longer cable would have been .
bought for husband and still holding strong .
i never tried anything very powerful to work through this thing .
the cord is healthfully long and the sound quality is very good .
whenever i plugged my iphone 4s up with this cable it would charge and then disconnect within seconds and it did this until it finally just stopped working all together .
highly recommend to anyone needing this type case .
i like how long the cord is without putting any stress on my galaxy s4
it will give you a cost also .
because these are retractable the cable might be smaller , just be careful to pull on plug not the cable when removing .
my main purpose for getting this mount was to use navigone navigation software on my iphone , and i 'm happy to report , this device has provided the perfect solution . when it arrived , and like others , i too thought it felt a little cheap .
in my case , i experienced structural failure after 14 months of light usage . if you 're going to spend more than $ 100 on headphones , buy something that is more stout than this particular model .
you wo n 't feel like the borg with this in your ear .
they worked perfectly , no issues all .
anyway , i just wanted a spare charger to keep at work , and this does the trick .
we bought this for my mother to use when taking orders or providing phone consultation for her small business .
but other than that gets the job done .
it is great because you can charge your ipod at the same time as you are watching something .
the motorola razr v3 is worst cell phone i have ever had .
it is always good to have an extra cable for the car or home .
spend the extra money and get the ones that have a long neck and are adjustable .
that is why five in a pack is great .
meaning when i hit the send button it was on . . . . . when the phone received an incoming call it was on .
no damage at all to my phone and the case still looks brand new .
i was scared about buying the protectors b c no one left a review but i bought it anyways cause its a 3 pack for a good price .
this thing worked all the way out to the sidewalk , and likely much further , but that 's as far as i went .
i 'm in the same room as the source at about 15 feet max and the sound cuts in and out .
bought it as an extra for my wife 's phone and she says it works great .
the sound quality for the most part is decent .
i thought i would not like stylus but really like its accuracy .
i prefer black so im okay with it but if your looking for silver , you will be dissapointed .
this is the first expensive headset i have ever gotten . the sound quality it is excellent in most of the environment , but walking outside in the windy time , i still heard the noise .
a grade a top notch accessory for any large smart phone .
now , in a noisy environment i have trouble hearing them .
i had to switch the screen off so the charger could charge the phone up a bit so it would n 't go completely dead .
that makes it a lot more comfortable .
i 'd gladly pay another $ 5 $ 10 if it had a backlight .
it worked great for my previous phone .
we gave it to our 9 yr old on her birthday so she now has her own charger for her ipod .
that has n 't been an issue with the 320 .
these are old phones with dead batteries or nearly dead batteries .
it 's not so hot that it seems dangerous , but i do try to make sure that it has some breathing room while charging so it does n 't overheat .
i have reciened my order for the order and i am very pleaced with the timely processing and shipment .
we got ours for about $ 30 at a marshalls store .
in my opinion , it 's your best buy .
after i lost my original , i figured i 'd give a motorolla one a try , and purchased the most expensive motorolla on the market ( h700 ) . using my treo 650 , i could not hear anything people were saying , and got constant complaints that the people i was talking to could n 't hear me well .
had it about a week and it is a great thin , light and stylish case that looks like it will form itself around the phone .
i like this product very much for it 's quality , performance and comfort for the price .
two batteries should get you through the day .
it should have more power output , new phone need power and this thing can barley keep up if you have a lot of stuff going
this passport protector was just what i was looking for .
it never seemed to make much of a difference .
i highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a case .
one came really long , and the other came really short .
i have also owned several from my service provider and they broke almost instantly .
a little short , could be 6 inches longer .
i feel this is the best case i have used for a phone .
but despite this , i still give it 5 stars for the performance and quality .
needed a usb cable that would work with my lg cell phone .
i only gave it four stars because the volume controls are difficult to get to , but that 's a small price to pay for the clarity you get .
in addition , you do n 't have to worry about scratches or finger smudges , either . i love mine and it works perfectly .
just pain , pain , pain ! ! do n 't waste your money on this thing .
i bought this for my wife for christmas and i am disapointed in the voice quality .
ymmv . the sound is also good enough for callers to hear me in my very noisy car .
i also tried this on the samsung galaxy s ii as well and it charges well too .
i 've had problems syncing them to my iphone from time to time , and also the battery life on them is n 't very good .
i recently was at 2 battery life .
when i first got these , i hooked them up to my cell phone ( samsung flight ii ) and the sound was horribly distorted in one ear . . .
the blue light is a little bright for my taste , but i do n 't mind it too much .
this is a great highly customizable phone in which you can add features thats missing or just have it your way with the help of simple patching software .
the material is a bit flimsy , wonder how long it 'll last , but it is able to hold my iphone 5 up without a problem .
sometimes i have to unplug my cd dvd drive to get the netbook to read it properly .
i loved it until it stopped working .
like i said , these things do sound pretty darn good , and i do recommend them .
i admit it i bury my phone on my desk far too often . this stand ( which sends your 8900 into bedside mode automatically ) is just the ticket for those of us who do so .
i needed something for occasional use ( rental cars and such ) to hold my iphone in place .
this was a waste of money .
i purchased this to work on my old motorola phone but it also works on my new android phone . otherwise , this is small , sleek , lightweight and it does work .
i liked the design , but should be a mix of hard and soft to be perfect .
less than a dollar for 10 of these .
however this product does not fit our droid 3 phones .
only two wishes , 1 . i would like to be able to recharge it more quickly , and 2 . being able to turn off the leds would be nice , they are very bright .
i think that if amazon was going to cancel my order , they need to explain it to me . i have bought from amazon before , usually good service , but this is just awful . i think that amazon is in over their heads in the cell phone business . from other comments , it sounds like amazon is not being fully honest or transparent in their cell phone ads .
bought 5 cables for my 3gs after reading many reviews but none of them is working .
i expected the mirror screen protector to be like the one i have on my iphone right now .
i recently bought a few new toys , and they are all this new micro usb .
it would not work for me because there is a large hill between my home and the nearest cell tower 1 . 7 miles away .
more perplexing is the fact that these ca n 't operate by battery , meaning you 'll always be tethered to the wall by them .
i took it apart removed the screen protector and now he screen is totally 100 percent respondent .
the stylus takes some time to get used to your screen ( or vice versa ) , but once it does , it is pretty sensitive and you can type your letters much more precisely .
this one went on easily , with no bubbles at all .
i think i dropped my phone once or twice with this case on . . .
i bought this skin to replace my old one wich was very thick and uncomfortable to cary my phone arround in it .
i work in south texas in the oilfield we have this particular product in about 55 worktrucks and it works as advertised .
had to have it as my g1 was a real battery hog .
my problems with it that are 1 ) its hard to turn off if you pay attention you can turn it off easy enough , but nothing like the motorola h700 where you just flip the boom . 2 ) it 's big !
i no longer have to struggle to hear the other person talking and when i talk i am loud and clear whether my background is noisy or not .
if you can fit that many cards in this case , it was n 't the one i received .
bought one like it at radio shack and believe me this cheaper product is ten times better than their $ . . . dollar piece of crap .
the sound quality is good , but the volume on the unit is not loud enough . i have heard many people complain that the unit is not water resistant , i have not jogged with it yet , but will found out later .
when you buy this item are you really expecting to first figure out where the nearest cell phone tower is to your house and in exactly which direction ?
this is the first phone i know of that has the large bright screen , infrared , bluetooth , usb connector and a speakerphone . if you are looking for an upgrade , this is definitely the phone for you .
i ca n 't say what the source of this incompatibility might be ( something to do with the way usb cables are wired ? ) but it can be annoying .
they work great without any issues for the iphone 3gs and 4 . i have not had any problems at all .
using the itorch imp52d has been a pleasure .
my only complaint is that the blue light is very bright at night , so i have to angle it to avoid the glare .
the big draw back is if there is allot of light , you ca n 't see the face of your phone . . . (
we both really like the blue tooth , very satisfied !
well built though . get one
im happy with it , cause in all it beats having to untangle my headphones when i wanna use them . .
great for emergencies in the car or away from home .
also it is comming obviously with a screen protector . . . .
my wife ( the one using the samsung wep 301 ) always sounded very distant , tinny , and staticy .
a good phone despite my issues and i would recommend it if you do n 't want a data plan but want a touch screen . . . and have small girl fingers .
i checked to make sure i ordered the correct iphone case before ordering , just to make sure since i ordered it expedited mail , which in reality cost more than the item itself .
this is my 11th different bluetooth headset that i 've tried over the past year and it 's been been the best , by far , of the ones i 've tried .
it 's not a bad phone , i like the fact that you can use wi fi , certain apps , and it 's like windows on your computer .
it is light and seems large at first but is very easy to fold up and is quite sturdy .
this cable is probably best for people who leave the usb connector plugged in all the time .
my only quibble is that so far the stand does n 't work very well .
worked great in the incredibly noisy box trucks i drove running mail for a while .
this probably could fit on tighter to provide psychological benefit but the important thing is that it provides some shock protection on dropping and allows you to turn your blackberry face down and not get it scratched .
i actually returned this because i needed the ability to charge more off of one charge .
i have even left it in my car when the weather was at it 's coldest and it still works .
this is the only one i can get to work with the touchstone !
not too bulky , and while not slippery , arent as sticky as the silicon types . overall , if you end up getting one of these , expect a lot of ooohh . .
i was looking for a replacement for my motorola blue tooth headphones that stopped working within 20 hours of use .
lesson use those loops , esp if you live in philly .
just thought you 'd like to know .
all of this is good news !
my only complaint is the ear look is of very poor design .
was definitely the most comfortable , hadgreat sound and actually fits in your ear .
my only problem with the product is that it is difficult to see through .
on my other phones they were on the side and if you hit something , like walked into something , it would unplug .
no big deal since i figured i 'd just use these with my usb plugs next to my bed and whatnot .
phone calls sound fine on my end and i 've had few complaints from others .
i really like my trent , it works great , the only thing is that the button on off does n 't work sometimes , but other than that , it is a great device , just do not work for ipad .
the clip got caught on something and snapped right off .
but the phone is so slippery , a case is a necessity .
do n 't think it is a quality issue .
did not seem new at all .
that being said , this review may help with anyone interested in this brand .
my only complaint is i ca n 't seem to find a carrying case for them .
battery life is decent , probably 3 days , although i tend to charge it about every two days .
one of my favorite cases when i had a blackberry and it looked cool and classic with the clear protector
i also downloaded numerous applications to help tweak the phone and make it even better .
brand new never used , i needed it to unlock my att phone and it worked like a charm . . .
i thought this would fix that problem by ringing loudly right above my head .
additionally , it gets tangled to rewind it as short as it is .
the pairing process is effortless and the 'phones will last about 6 workouts before having to be recharged .
passengers love it , i love it because it emits a blue glow , because it has held up to abuse over the years and performs like new .
i went with this version since the cable is built in and there could be no mix ups with what cable to use and where how to stick it since my mil is not very tech savvy .
it also hurts my hands after just a bit of use .
this includes a jawbone which was very uncomfortable and had other defects , as well .
the audio is clear , and the controls are simple .
at one point i had a half dozen people in my campsite using their phones . .
it would n 't fit on my phone at all .
i am still testing this pack and will see how the charging interval changes over time .
doubled my battery life like promised .
it 's a little nick on my screen protector , so i 'm not too worried . i did read that you have to push harder to get it working if you have a screen protector , but i pushed all the way and no result was shown . i 'm returning the stylus a . s . a . p .
there is no difference between the various colors , and one review would apply to them all .
use these for charging my note 2 and the wifes s3 . no problems ever .
the only nice feature is the camera and there are a lot of other cell phones with better features that have cameras too .
i charged and recharged and only go to blue .
i 've only been using this charger for a few days , so it 's too early to tell whether it will hold up .
it was about an hour phone call , but gee whiz !
this case should not be on the market . it honestly is not worth a quarter . the case is so thin and flimsy . the rhinestones are barley attached . before i opened it , i could see there were missing rhinestones already . i returned this the next day . do not buy !
my mom needed a new battery and i bought it for her .
but it may be worth the trade for the excellent sound quality .
like it but i would want a thick case to protect my phone .
the car charger seemed to work the one time my daughter used it and the usb wall charger seemed to be fine also until my daughter lost it .
i would like a extra cable for my smartphones at work , so i purchased this one .
i could never get those headsets to stay in my after no longer than 15 minutes , without them either hurting my ear or just flat falling out .
worked very well , only criticism is the flex is to stiff , needs to be a foot or two longer and made of a flexible flex .
looked just as the ad said and the shipping was right on the money .
the company provided a good product .
love it just doesnt look good broken do n 't buy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what is the point to have a good quality cover but it is not sit tie to your phone so that you can not use it ?
of course , these wo n 't work with the new iphones or ipods .
other then that the sound it great , people on the other line can hear me crystal clear .
in other reviews there are complaints of it coming off a belt , if you do as other reviewers have said you wo n 't have any problem .
i got so sick of people asking me what 's that clicking sound ? that i threw the stupid thing away .
but that phone looks as shiny as it did the day i bought it ! convenient belt clip makes for carrying it easy and nice .
sometimes you have to apply more pressure to get the device to recognize that you 're using it , and if you 're not careful , the tip comes off .
it works great and came at the right time you can never have enough chargers for every where lol thanks
otherwise it does what it says .
it died while on vacation and never accepted a charge back up .
it 's in my cell and seems to be working fine .
i go between this style and one that wraps around my head , it just depends on which handset i pick up .
it is truly crystal clear and you cannot tell it 's on the phone .
however they heard an almost delayed , robotic , annoying voice from me .
when i get around 10 feet from my iphone , i start dropping signal if i turn my head wrong or go around a corner .
so for anyone who are having trouble pairing , try to update the phone first .
if it were metal , it would be something but this is easily made from a piece of packaging plastic , i wish i had known how flimsy it would be .
i found it the following afternoon , in the parking lot at work .
i ruined the first one by not figuring out which side was which before getting a fingerprint on the sticky side .
now i never heard of newtrent before this and bought this simply because of the price and amazon reviews so my expectations were n 't high .
i lost this phone during shipment and amazon was kind enough to replace it .
every now and then it does n 't want to connect , but a reboot of the phone and speakerphone always cures that problem , so i 'm not sure if it 's this , or my sluggish , buggy and otherwise crappy phone )
i definitely recommend this signal booster as long as you understand the limitations and they would work for you , because it does increase the signal significa n 'tly .
do n 't expect double your battery life or anything like that , but it is definitely a noticeable improvement over the stock battery .
after breaking the first pair , i made it a point to continually wipe down my ears and the headphones every couple of minutes and still , they broke .
i read a lot of reviews about how tough these cases are and the awesome protection they provide your phone .
found it great , did take awhile to receive but good screen protector for my phone .
it 's bit pricy . overall , a very good mount and i do recommend it .
i was a little concern that it would fit my phone but they include plenty of adjustment options to take care of any setup .
i tried to update the firmware and now it 's all good .
the volume is not a problem , loud enough and callers can hear my whispers , i did crank the volume to full .
i use them every day and they are great for charging your device and keeping things tidy .
so i 'm guessing you have to make sure it 's in there , or it will just fall out . the power button is a little hard to press with the case on .
totally worth the price , i just need to find some speaker covers for when these foams wear out from use . in the last six months i 've gotten way more than $ 40 out of these .
pros works well as a battery , probably has enough charge to last my galaxysiii through 2 3 days of extra charging w o having to recharge the deviceitself .
i have run through a charge several times now and on a typical day of work i charge my phone off of this device 2 times .
this is a cheap knock off .
very good fit and does n 't loosen over time .
i purchased this along with a few other cases for the verizon i phone 4 and i am very impressed .
i have several radio controlled helicopters and airplanes , and i buy and build my own battery packs .
the vent clips do n 't stay in perfectly , but for the price , it 's adequate .
i had a great deal of trouble jogging while holding my mp3 player behind my head . one more thing that really bugs me .
i like them but they are not super duty materials .
the pantech 34 ; breeze 34 ; phone i inherited and never learned to love met an untimely demise trying , once again , to prove that a cellphone can go through a wash cycle and come out just fine .
i am thankful to find a charger that will charge my older motorola rapture ( vu30 ) phone , but i am so aggravated by the claim this is a motorola product when indeed it is not .
perfect fit for my daughter phone perfect perfect price and shipping price couldnt ask for a better product will be back for morethanks
i have had it for 1 year and it still works .
the battery lasts for i would guess about 8 hrs of talk time and 2 3 weeks without a charge with me only using it a little each day .
now it holds full charge and is ready to go .
i would say that my phone is now working like new again .
my wife loves having a sleek and stylish battery to keep her iphone charged all day .
the size of them is great , the sound is good , and i really like using them .
at this price , it is n 't a huge risk .
i was able to keep the case on my iphone .
they seem to peel up pretty quick , and heaven forbid you get any spot of dust . . . . it will ruin the whole thing .
after reading the reviews of this supplier , i needed one battery , but ordered two .
wanting to know how many phones i tried , if i tried more than 1 headset , etc . . . .
this has the best sound and useability but it has had to be replaced several times under warranty .
this is by far the worst purchase i 've ever experienced on amazon . . . who should be ashamed of themselves for selling such trashy junk . the jokes on me . . . i fell for the hype .
i bought this to enable me to charge without having my computer running .
for my iphone , i tried to pair it 3 times .
amazingly to me , i am still using these earphones , they still have long battery life and great performance , and i use them almost every day , for workouts , while shopping , etc .
ez to put on with a little patience .
it is beautifully designed and will make an attractive addition to your car .
at first glance , this product seems not as expensive as it looks in the picture .
was skeptical cause of price , but since amazon selling i felt more confident with purchase , glad i did !
only one of the other 7 i tested did worse . ( i also tested the motorola hs850 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one . )
i thought that i was buying the right one and it ends up that i did but not the right size plug for the phone .
well i have 2 batterys , both went in dead and the entire time it was green . .
the only bad part is the price $ 31 . 50 is a bit high to pay for any mount in my opinion .
plus the sound is great . .
if you mainly use the belt loops , this is a fine product at a great price .
worst of all it was supposed to block outside sound , but it did n 't do this at all . i know that it was designed for xbox so i am not going to give it 1 star .
this new one does it less but still happens some of the time , so may be the bb ( 2 year old ) . only big downside is that it does not allow pairing to two phones .
gave to a friend . can use for kindle also . always nice to have back up on trips .
no one complained about the sound quality on the other end , like with my motorolla .
price was good , not much else to comment on .
i wanted to love this case but i just did n 't .
overall i am very pleased with this headset and others in my office have purchased this based on my recommendation and they love it as well .
i used this many moons ago but it did charge my blackberry and i used it at work as my clock .
the magnets seem to be stronger than necessary and put a good tug on the simple method to keep that piece attached .
oh and if you have a case cover on your phone it will get stuck inside of here .
i hear people perfectly and i 've never had a single comment much less a complaint about the sound quality from other people .
why buy something that will only work if you purchase another . . .
the ear piece started falling apart but all in all it was a great buy .
it does n 't even hold a charge for very long
this thing is okay , but it has an odd habit of getting stained by my jeans .
i still ca n 't believe how sf planet can sell deliver these so inexpensively .
i was not able to record the name through the bt350 , but once recorded , the phone recognized the name when spoken through the bt350 . an addition , the battery life is great .
after 10 years , i still have att .
your best bet is to put something over it , and or aim ( yes aim ) it away from you toward the passenger .
shopaound 168 this was agreat case that i enjoyed up until my blackberry died !
even the low price is n 't worth it .
omg this has got to be the smallest piece of junk i have ever paid for ) really this charger died 2 weeks after i pluged it into my car . the charger itself is made of cheap plastic , light weight and just down right worthless .
the charger worked great at first , but after 5 months of use it died !
i 've had a few handsfree devices , the motorola speaker t305 and various others .
it 's definitely worth the price and the price is low !
i have been using this case for about a month .
which they could not guaranty would be gold .
this makes it much easier to charge when you are traveling as almost everything has a usb port .
i bought this batterie for my lg vu and i love it it is great as an extra battery , just charge the battery and thats it it lasts for at least 2 to 4 days .
this thing is great if you know your going to be at an airport or on a long car ride and you do n 't have a car charger or feel like looking for a plug .
for the price it is awesome .
it 's a little heavy , but basically fine .
finally , after going through quite a few models ( motorola h350 , motorola h500 , the plantronics 655 , the nx6000 ) , i found a great one .
it was exactly what it appears to be .
for the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but i am very disappointed with the false markings as oem when it is certainly not .
i bought this for my jawbone 2 . unlike the other reviewers i find that it regularly turns it on and off even if the thing is just sitting on the desk .
this bluetooth was my first and worst .
its performance just does n 't measure up to expectations from the original .
i am pleased with the price and the sound quality , so 3 stars .
they stopped working after exactly 9 months .
it also had a great camera for its time and i figured i might want to take pics with it .
i 'm certain that it 's the case that is the cause because i did a two day test , removing the case to see if the dust accumulation would go away .
i had this charger for 3 plus years and still working .
they are genuine samsung and they feel like the quality you 'd expect .
it was pretty good but after a while i just did n 't dig the way it hung off the top of my ear .
update 03 04 2014everyone should have one of these .
when making a call and wanting to use the functions during the call , i would have to quickly pull the case off because the edges keep pressure on the digitizer and when you pull it away from your face , the screen does n 't activate and light up like it should .
at least i could clip it to my belt , because most wo n 't do that without stretching out the clip .
the battery life is terrible on my phone and i was looking for something to charge it when i was out .
i wish it had a secondary usb port on it , but it was n 't a big deal then .
i finally got a different bluetooth that works just fine .
but for the price it is comfortable .
when i looked at the product , i could n 't tell this was the style .
i got this for when i travel and it has really added to the signal strength and or provided a signal in areas i would not have one .
and when you call the company it 's 34 ; oh we 're sorry it 's out of stock thats why we sent the short ones . 34 ;
others say they can hear me ok but sometimes they report that i sound like i am speaking from the bottom of a fish tank .
oh well , you do what you have to )
this phone is high maintenance and i do n 't recommend it to someone who have no patience for it 's complex menus or minor shortcomings .
the sound did n 't fill the forest , but it was still loud enough for our picnic and a group hike .
i think it got so hot that it finally melted the cable connector and fell apart .
brand new battery , fully charged in two hours , and holds a charge for days instead of 4 minutes like my almost dead original battery did .
the sound is good and not so loud that it will bust your eardrums .
the reception is a bit tinny sometimes , but overall i have not had any problems with dropped calls . i text message quite frequently and the phone offers you two choices for writing your text .
it does charge quickly and completely and the case is easy to put on .
i highly suggest getting the screen and digitizer in one like this so you do n 't have to go melting glue and picking at shards of glass . . .
had a 11 hour car ride out of state , used this to charge both my iphone and my wife 's while on the road on the way up and back with ease .
above any . but for the money these a great fit . . . . enjoy
it 's fine for a short time , but then my ear hurts .
it will bring an iphone from nearly dead to full charge twice with one fully charged itorch . more than pleased with this product , and i would recommend it to anyone who uses their ios devices frequently .
compared to my old bluetooth that i never used because people could never understand me , it is much better .
you may still have to take it out when you dock your phone it depends on which dock you use , but it was the case when we tried it with the mini zeppelin which has its own dock adapter .
my windows must already allow enough signal through for this to not make a difference .
i guess you get what you pay for . . .
for the $ 20 i paid for it , i am very satisfied .
not sure if it was the blackberry or the battery itself , but this did not last very long .
the sound is clear and crisp .
for the money , this is a good buy .
i get a full day of use with it now .
i was raving to a friend about how amazon has great phone cases and how cheap they are and bought him this .
from what i can see , the sound is superb .
however , i returned them because of the poor fit .
i was excited to rip the package open to put my trusted otterbox on my new galaxy s5 . frankly , that 's where the excitement stops .
this is one , poorly conceived design meant , i suspect to look tough but not much else .
i have found the external battery to be amazing and soooo handy !
i think everyone needs an external battery pack if you use your phone a lot , and especially if you 're on the go traveling a lot !
it is a shame that motorola build such a great phone , but no driver for it .
like i said in title theres not much to it u drop it its going to break and its just for looks i think .
the ear hook took me months actually to figure out but i face the loop up with respect to the unit if i hold it horizontally ( 90 degrees to the unit ) and it stays in perfectly and comfortably .
i use my blackberry bold as my alarm clock , so i find this charging pod a necessity allowing to see the time as the wee hours of the night .
the only thing is that it sometimes freezes when it connects with my bluetooth , but it 's a minor complaint and one easily overlooked when i look back and see how much this phone has helped me .
most of all the sound is excellent !
i have been trading off batteries in my hero .
both cables are very short and barely reach anywhere .
because it 's a recent purchase i ca n 't comment on longevity .
with the stock battery i had to keep it charged in my work truck and even to use it at home i would have to keep it plugged in just to talk to someone .
i love it ! ! ! it 's a beautiful little case and the price is right . . . get it ! ! ! !
i 've tried other wallet cases and none can hold a note to this one .
the directions state that some bubbles are to be expected and that they will disappear over time .
it is okay but only works if you use it with something which requires very light current .
comes with screen cover , so if you already have one on the phone that makes three and it does not slow down the function of the phone .
there are better chargers out there that can do both .
i 've gotten used to this now . if you want a high level of protection this is an ideal case otherwise something less bulky might be a better choice .
i purchased this case for my note and was very suprised at how nice the case was for the price .
it 's small enough to fit in my pocket and it really makes my life easier !
it is loose and tends to fall off .
your options are north , south , east west .
if you need a spare battery that also charges your ipod or iphone , this device is definitely worth buying .
exactly as promised , i use this at home and work with no glitches at all .
even under heavy use , i cannot tell any difference between this one and the one that came with my phone .
i drive for a living and have used the mount in 6 different vehicles .
no biggie but makes me think it might be a refurb or something .
that 's the price i had to pay what you pay is what you get !
this also charges my kindle as well . also , check to make sure you are buying directly from amazon instead of a third party seller .
the price is great the delivery was o . k .
got it on amazon , the prices simply cannot be beat .
every once in a while , when the phone starts to run slow , you have to pull the battery to reboot the blackberry .
i obtained a bz60 for a v3m because this is a slim battery .
well , this was a complete waste because even with this new battery charge lasts less than 24 hours .
you can never have to many charging cables .
but its a bluetooth headset , people say i sound like i am in a library . . . so its all good . i am not 100 satisfied here . . . but close enough .
does what it needs to do at an excellent price .
this product has eased my worries and it really does work in boosting the signal .
i would reccomend this booster no problem .
my only complaint , and it 's minor , is the noise cancellation or better yet the lack thereof .
they are advertised and branded by blackberry , however they charge our razr maxx phones just perfectly with no loss of speed in comparison to the chargers our phones originally came with .
the day i received it , it came with more than 75 charge , which i used on a dead htc one .
absolutely love this charger charges very fast actually one of the fastest charges that i bought in a very long time
the one i got feels gritty when attaching it , like it 's grinding on the connectors when it should n 't be .
which means they get sticky , like if there 's some kind of glue on it .
it arrived on time and if possible , exceeds the performance of the original .
my stupid dog eats them somewhat regularly .
do n 't obsess about the bubbles most of them disappear in a day or two of use and does n 't dim screen brightness or clarity .
i 'm not convinced that this cable is authentic .
i rush in the mornings sometimes and i hated having to stop , unplug the cord , pick it up off the ground and close the cover and then leave .
i 've been bitten many times before buying 3rd party wall and car chargers , usually on the cheap and almost never legit .
i used it at the rolling thunder harley rally here in dc .
purchased by a friend bu i must say that it looks like a well made holster .
if you want quality you need to pay $ 20 instead of one penny , plus a very reasonable shipping price .
i was also frustrated that since that was the case , my phone did n 't come with a car charger . i was ready to buy one from verizon , and then i saw this deal !
they never did but it was still annoying . the volume problem was in part related to this .
i was tempted to buy other , more expensive skins here on amazon .
i would recommend it to everybody who needs to at least double ( most likely triple ) the bettery life of their iphone .
with this one , my nexus 7 is a happy tablet .
i have n 't tried to take off the case from the phone .
regardless , it 's not saying much for a product when it stops working after less than two weeks and barely an hours worth of usage .
i did receive this as part of the vine program at amazon , so i did n 't pay anything for this .
i purchased a couple of these for the touch screens on a comexi nexus evo laminator at my job and they work great .
this is a must if you have a nokia phone , too bad that nokia dosent allow all of thier phones charge via usb .
what can you say , different sizes for whatever you need .
great ideal for a product , works perfectly and as advertised .
i had an iphone 3s when i bought it , and none of today 's phones are anywhere near as thick . it stores so easily opened flat in my wallet .
i am a gadget junkie and the reviews on cnet led me to purchase this phone but i truly now regret it .
this will help to eliminate scratches to the front of your phone . a few other notes very easy to install and take off a color for everyone does not hinder your camera comes with a screen protector may need to be removed when you are using your iphone with certain docking stationsfinal verdict i low risk investment that may help keep you iphone intact ! 5 stars
i 've done business with these guys before , and i was delighted to find they had the best price for the actual samsung battery that works in my latest technology nexus s with google android phone .
make sure this is ok for your application .
i take it everywhere and has performed marvelously .
it was fun while it lasted . . . .
i could hear the caller 's great !
my review mimics others in the trucking industry so i 'll keep it short .
when i needed to change the battery ( i carry extra , charged battery for emergencies ) it was soooo hard to remove the case , i was afraid i 'd break the phone .
there are much cheaper cables out there , but this will probably outlast all of them .
my canon a590 is pushing it .
using the phone outside is going to get old once it starts snowing here in michigan . bottom line if you just want a sweet looking phone this is it .
bought this for my girlfriend 's s3 , and she loved it .
i got my order super fast .
what has that got to do with a 5 star rating ? well , we 'll start with the difference between 1000 and 1100mah .
it works on my nokia 5530 . inexpensive , got 2 , one for each car for emergencies .
only issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while .
between that and the fact that the suction cup is a little hard to work if you ( like me ) want to move it between two cars regularly it loses another star .
i would highly recommend this affordable accessory to have easily available for charging on the road !
after reading about weak clips i was hesitant but i figured i would give it a go .
i was very happy to find this collection of 10 of them .
it was not long enough and did n 't it really charge my phone at times and its not durable .
i like this product , because it is small and fits in my purse nicely .
after my first case broke , i bought this one and it lasted through everything .
the whole thing holds together , does n 't feel loose or like the stylus could drop out . i use it only rarely when i need to use a scrollbar to mark files in a long list , so i can be more accurate than my finger allows .
i did n 't want to be connected by wires to it ( i have pulled it off the desk a few times ) but i still wanted to be able to skip through my music . the jabra bt 3030 was exactly what i needed .
this was supposed to work with my phone , but it does n 't .
the cable is about two feet long , a bit shorter than what came with my samsung focus .
it help open my case but one problem looks used and the picture says ill receive 2 clip openers and i only received only 1 was up with that and one for $ 2 . 99 and used not cool ill never gonna buy from this product ill just use my nails
i had very poor signal strength on my verizon blackberry tour phone when placed below and between the monitors in my cube .
i think that this case is pretty cool . it is almost invidible . but the only bad part is it does n 't protect the silver or buttons . other than that if your on a budget andwant to protect the back of your phone , get this .
it holds a charge for quite a few hours of listening , so i do n 't have to charge it as much .
battery life is great ( about 10 hours ) , charges very quickly , and it 's literally so light you forget you 're wearing it .
the simple instructions that came in the box show exactly how to use it for those who are new to the tech world .
i bought a bunch of these and they work fine . others do n 't work well , fall apart , or stop retracting pretty quickly .
i do n 't do alot of traveling but always want to be prepared , i really could have used this last year when the power went out for a couple days , and the only way i could charge things was via my car charger .
they claim this works for sprint pcs but i got one for my virgin mobile mc760 and it wo n 't pick up any signal !
however , in the interest of full disclosure , i am a bit of a klutz .
every time i have tried to use a headset , the person on the other end complains that they ca n 't hear me as well , and i have to switch back to my phone .
the price out of this world .
i 'm very pleased . update aug . 12 , 2011 . this cord has stopped working .
it is of quality make , durable and it does n 't look like its gonna break anytime in the near future .
in my experience , however , as it gets older , or perhaps as it picks up oils from the screen and skin , it gets more sticky . in a few months , it is so sticky it wo n 't write smoothly .
if your car does n 't automatically cut power to your outlet when you turn off your car , you could attract thieves . other than those minor issues ( luckily , neither of which impact me ) , this cord is great .
i just fling it in my purse . this is the perfect size for the new 6th gen ipod nano .
i recently wanted to have an extra cable and i bought this one .
the leather quality is quite good as well . of course , the disadvantages of having this case is that you have to pull your phone out every time you want to use it .
i can re sync , i can stand in the exact same spot listening to the exact same music on the exact same phone as my s305 , and the s305 works just fine and this piece of carp just skips and then drops the signal .
if you want more power , there are lots of similar products with a lot more power , but for more money and a little bigger size . on the other hand , almost all modern smartphones ( other than apple ) have replaceable batteries and a spare battery is a lot less bulky than this thing .
i saw a christian sister with one of these on her phone !
i believe another review explains how the thing works , but here 's the way i went about application .
it would wedge into my ear and i could still use it very easily albeit uncomfortably .
my car has blue tooth so the latter is less of an issue .
this is the best case for people who do n 't like to use a belt pouch .
i switched back to my other case
in the picture it appears the entire case is aluminum which is what i really wanted , but not so .
seriously i saved a good $ 10 $ 15 compared to what sprint would have tried to charge me or bestbuy or whatever !
but there 's more to it than just accomplishing it 'sbasic task .
you have to be a little careful with the twisting earpiece since it 's in a sliding ball inside and can slip out of the groove very easily if you change ears too much ( which mine did on day three ) . the range is not as far as you would like it to be , but boy can it hold a charge .
it is not ideal to put in out of pocket though . . .
the power button is small , but using it is a minor problem that resolves with a little practice .
that was solved with a new cable .
unless you plan on watching the video on a screen smaller than 20 inches i would not buy this .
outstanding , what more can you ask for , especially for the current price .
first , the good the mount is solid , it stays stuck to the glass , and the flexible arm bit is very stiff and hard to adjust but really stays put once you have it where you want it .
it does n 't have a cooling fan , so its silent .
when i would have my hair down it would get caught in the case and pull on my hair when i would move the phone away from my face .
can we send men up to a spacestation and rovers to mars but we ca n 't make a rubber case that wo n 't stretch out of shape ?
also , i believe it is somewhat picky on what chargers it will accept so you ca n 't plug it in to any old usb charger .
i recently ordered a new battery from another seller for my friends g1 which was no longer holding a charge .
i tried charging my phone on the way to church ( a 30 minute drive ) without any apps running and it only increased the battery life by 5 . for the record i have a motorola photon 4g .
without a doubt , this is the most durable case on the market it offers almost total protection , and will definitely save your behind if you drop your phone . i however , could not get over the added thickness .
i do n 't know why it took me so long to buy a car charger .
it takes a second to take it on and off , and if you wear glasses there is nothing annoying hanging over your ear to interfere .
i wish there was a more permanent way to attach it .
they fit perfectly together and it 's by far the best screen protector i 've purchased yet .
it is surprisingly cheap and extremely good quality .
since so many cell phone manufacturers ( 15 at last count ) have made the micro usb connector their gold standard for cell phones into the foreseeable future , you ca n 't go wrong to have a spare charger available .
sound is excellent , and the microphone is decent .
at that price you ca n 't beat it .
keep each pair in the briefcase and car for emergency charging for the phone and ipad around town and on trips out of state
at the price , there was no way i was going to beat a set of stanleys .
it got here timely , it works , and its just like they said it would be .
not worth sending it off to get it replaced unless the electrical switch itself fails . overall , i 've been very pleased with the gum pro .
with a normal charging cable from apple , i can go from 0 to 100 in one hour .
sound is surprisingly great for as small as it is .
it is good but the camera is of very poor quality . .
it charges quickly , and since the pad serves as a natural place to put your phone , you 'll always have a full charge .
i ca n 't use it outside if there is any wind current , and even the air currents from my car 's ac or heat are too much for it . 2 ) most disappointingly , the microphone boom cracked in half after about 60 days .
not great in a loud situation , but perfect for at home .
however , since i got my samsung galaxy note ii , it has only had that problem once or twice , so apparently it was the phone not the headset .
the device was very secure , and did not fall out . setup i tested it with a samsung a437 , and it could n 't be easier .
this jabra is reasonable quality and performance for the money .
battery life is a little short and the phone cannot be used while it is charging ( that 's a pretty big negative , imo ) . but overall , this is a good starter phone and serves the purpose .
i am going to buy the sound fly fm transmitter now that i have read several great reviews and have experienced the quality of the product for myself .
thats all i can give ya .
i actually let my friend use it twice and he tossed it about four feet in the air onto very hard carpet and onto the hard floor on a bus .
as soon as i walked out the store , the reception went static beyond belief .
a very nice surprise . the battery came with an almost full charge so i played with it for a while before charging .
the fit is just down right in the toilet .
both times it came out unscathed .
however , the case is still holding on snugly .
price was perfect , could n 't beat it !
also , pressing gets easier after a few weeks of use .
ive owned quite a few sets of bt headphones and by far i still do n 't think any are better than the moto ht 820 setthe jog dials are good and handy , and they are comfy on the ears .
if at all possible , find a headset that others have already used with your phone and have reported success with .
but like i said before the motorola s9 is n 't that comfortable and does n 't sound near as good as this sony .
it was a very good pruchase for the price .
it is just the right size and is very cute .
when it comes to calls this unit is a boss !
and for the very first time ever i had to turn the volume down !
someone has to have a nice marriage of sound and fit , but it is n 't here .
keep in mind that i put my phone in my pocket and have it next to either keys or coins ( screen is , of course , protected by screen protector ) , so if you never have it near hard objects , your case will fare better .
this cover is just like a red one that i had .
i use it mostly for jogging and they fit me very confortable .
people stopped calling out or answering the phone because we just could n 't hear .
the battery life is sufficient for me i charge it once every two three days . the only complaing is that the buttons are a bit hard to press .
since most of the devices i have use micro the mini that this uses requires me to carry an extra cable .
i ca n 't be totally exact on how long the charges kept because the kids kept plugging their devices into the itorch , then taking them off 30 minutes later . all in all , buying the itorch will be the best move you can make if you are looking for a portable external power source for multiple devices !
i have been charging my phone for the past week with it , instead of the wall plug , and have got 5 charges out of it before it seemed like it was going to die , htc evo 4g .
my husband and i changed phones , from motorola to palm , and got micro usb instead . in come these little amazing gadget ! they helped a lot , since the investment was minimal and got all our chargers up and running with the new cells
it obviously stretches out , but since the coil is so strong you really have to pull it to increase the length .
the teen at the counter where i bought them was seriously intrigued !
the only action it sees is 1 plug in at night and 1 unplug in the morning . i was n 't really expecting much for what i paid but with how little i actually handle it i am pretty disappointed .
very easy to a fix to the cars and the positions that any one wants it .
and the belt loops broke after 3 months of use .
i am not sure how my blackberry would hold up with this case after dropping it .
did n 't need this for any other use since i need to charge the nano once a week .
when combined with the best noise cancelling i 've ever used , i can say that this is the best kept secret in telephony . i use this on my cell phone and on my land line phones .
one of the main issues i had was that i always have the air vents going in my vehicles .
u charge it every night , u should be fine . 5 since it 's bluetooth , it also has a crappy range , like 20 feet . if you know these things , then they 're worth every penny .
they need to make the frame material just a little more elastic so it does n 't shatter so easily .
it is so big it feels ( too me ) as if someone is tugging on your ear !
there are so many sellers , though , it might be a gamble what you get , judging from the comments .
the v551 actually had better reception .
the sound is crisp and clear .
i went through all three of them trying to just get one on without thousands of bubbles underneath and they were thicker than usual protectors .
if you are looking for something to hold your phone and drivers license , this would be the product for you .
this is a great product for an entry level user . . . pros good sound ( not great just good ) bluetooth will not deliver as much quality as wired audio . . .
despite the age , the battery is holding up well and seems to last forever when charged but turned off .
this is what you need when the trackball stops spinning in certain directions cause of lint or whatever .
this morning my phone was about 2 3 charged this topped it off almost to full during my 10 minute commute .
i have n 't purchased a case for my iphone 4 ( since none is available at the time of this review ) , so i used the included multi charger and it has worked perfectly every time .
the service provided by the seller was very , very good and more than expected since initially i thought there was a problem with my order .
if they loose there effectiveness just run it under some warm water with some hand soap to remove any dust or debris .
normally i would n 't care , except i need the palm usb cable to fit into the touchstone .
for the price i would say buy it .
this cable will break within a week .
if a simple cover is what your are looking for , this one is nice and a good value .
i have it paired with my motorolla razor , and setup was a breeze . i have , however , had a few lapses in call quality .
i plugged it in and it worked .
i could be talking to my dad with a laundry basket on my hip as i walk down the stairs and about 75 of the time i 'll hear that familiar dropped call beep .
the people on the other end ca n 't hear it .
even though later on figure out i could do the same with a thumb tag .
i would most definitly rank this a very good re usable charged purchsed to date ! sorry rip palm
like others i wished they kept the old ac adapter so that i can use my old one from my h700 .
i originally purchased a leather case from this same manufacturer but it opened from the side instead of the top and i did n 't like that at all , so i decided to give this one a try .
i have used discovery 925 for over a month now .
i bought two of these , one worked and the other never worked at all .
i 'm not sure why there is a laser pointer and led light on this , but it sure does n 't take anything away from the product .
not worth the price , the setup is flimsy and cheap .
i have n 't used them all yet , but they are n 't as quality as some of my precision tools .
the case is right but the color is off .
now it is not recognized by the phone , so it 's useless .
ideally , it will provide signal within close proximity of your desk for a single room in your home but nowhere near what would be required to provide signal to an entire floor of your home for example .
not sure if this is actually oem or just a convincing sticker but , i can say it works just as good if not better than the original that gave out after a few years of constant use .
so you 've got to lean in and look on your blackberry to see if the lightning bolt which indicates charging is actually on .
usb cords just are n 't able to survive in this kind of design .
there also seems to be a bit of a quality discrepency between the two virtually identical items . the one i purchased at the store is a lot less plasticky than the one i ordered on line .
hubby loves this but the belt clip is cheap and keeps breaking .
more than a week now and so far the screen is holding up well . update two months later and it is still ok no bubbles and it is sticking to the surface correctly .
i purchased this intending to operate a coffee pot , with no result .
however , you still can easily unsnap the case off and i 'm just glad the phone has n 't fallen out yet .
unfortunately , you ca n 't just update the firmware yourself . . .
imho you need something to put your bluetooth into , and here it is .
that is the kind of customer service that makes me come back as a customer .
and for some reason i also found the volume on my end going up and down to the point that i was saying what all the time too .
this one seems weak and gets very warm to the touch .
this case is afordable and yes it peels very easy but thats to be expected because its a dollor .
update june 08 , 2010 just paired this device with my apple ipad . . .
i have even disabled evdo so it wo n 't switch between it and 1x when moving around town ( which drains the battery ) . the verizon software makes the phone useless .
the ear plug stays in place , and i can still hear , but the boom swings downward from in front of my mouth ( pulled by gravity ) and then the person i 'm talking with ca n 't hear me so well .
the only small issue i have is the amount of time it takes to fully charge .
so if you need a real quick cable for basic charging , this will do it , anything else . . . spend the extra buck on a higher end cable .
this is a great chance to get the real deal for the knock off price .
it does connect with 2 handsets at the same time so you do n 't need to keep switching with different devices .
i do n 't recommend buying these if you 're going to primarily use them for phone calls because the caller on the other end will notice a slight distancing of your voice ( i imagine due to the placement of the microphone ) . all in all , i 'd recommend these to the casual music listener who enjoys having their hands free while listening to music from high quality , comfortable headphones .
it 's difficult to take off , but that 's also good in the sense that it wo n 't snag and come off .
i went as far as to mow my grass and still talk , my husband did n 't know i was mowing the grass .
so if you 're planning on using this while running or during an intense walk do n 't count on it . definitely recommend this as a great bluetooth device .
the sound is loud and clear , it is super easy to use and it does n 't cause the phone to call by itself .
elegant . 5 . protection i do n 't care to put my bb to the test . ( let 's just say that without the otterbox , i was worried about dropping the slick bb .
i 've purchased more to make sure i can plug them into rental cars ( as i 'm prone to forget things here and there ) and keep my devices charged . it 's a simple adapter , with a glowing blue end and does everything it has to ! make sure it 's purchased from amazon too many other reviewers also complain about getting a knock off product !
i 've asked a few of my techno geek friends when i 'm talking to them with the headset , and they all say that the sound quality seems to be missing a full dynamic range . good luck !
i had my doubts because this product was priced so cheaply , but it has performed very well now and has given my phone noticeable life .
it does take a toll on the batteries when you play music consistently . . . say like , 6 hours straight
i just wish the audio quality was a little higher and less muffled sounding .
the chrome border is very exposed and still prone to scratches .
it does help if you hold your iphone 's bottom to your chest when your writing , though , so that it is more stable .
for the price , i find this a great solution !
the product also can charge my s3 and ipad tofull before it is drained .
my small camera case is more bulky so i end up having to wear it around my neck or put it in a backpack when i 'm hiking or being a tourist .
it does take several hours to get a full charge , and you can use the laser or flashlight while its charging , although i 'm not sure why you would .
something a little slimmer would meet my needs a little better .
only one small issue , its so much identical to the original packaged apple cable that i can longer identify the original ) product arrived within a week , which was of importance to me .
my droid x tends to need a lot of charging and having this car charger handy is a life saver .
this is really cute phone case , i like it alot , and it came in when it stated it would too
it was a very nice case .
such quality was very unexpected with such a low price .
i ordered a pair of these and when one was dead on arrival , the seller quickly sent me another one . one thing to note is that some of these are n 't pre charged , so you 'll need to have your phone off when you initially charge them up if you 're charging by plugging it in over usb to a computer or have a dedicated standalone charger .
this unit is small enough to carry in my ipad bag and provides enough power to last a day on the road .
moreover , they are extremely fragile and prone to breaking .
and one of the least expensive , too .
took me a couple tries to get it on correctly !
the kick stand is very nice as well .
battery life is amazingly long , sometimes lasting a month !
its cheap and worth the price . . .
but another trick i use is to apply a little water ( or spit will work ) on the suction cup .
i have a motorola hs850 earpiece and wanted to make sure that i would not lose or misplace it .
it does n 't have any noise cancellation , which might be part of the issue .
another bad part of the iphone is regular headphones just do n 't fit . this fixes that , and is flexible so it does n 't get screwed up bouncing around in my pocket .
i highly recommend this product especially at the $ 22 it 's showing on amazon now .
the case feels good in your hands and it wo n 't slip out of your hands .
easy peasy and cheap without a contract or any commitment .
these screen protectors , last me a month or 2 each , and i use my iphone like a mad man .
i remember i loved my headset that came with my blackberry 8330 , but i soon grew tired of how limited the os was so finally settled on a droid .
once i put a case on , i fully expect to keep it on for protection .
it 's a perfect combination for my needs .
but , hey , he can now use his iphone without the initial frustration . the stylus feels like one from a pda light , thin , and pretty small .
seriously ? ) i read about the surfacepad online , ordered it , and i love it !
it 's not a disaster or an obvious rip off but there are better alternatives .
i threw it in the recycling bin .
and the microphones are simply top notch . i 've had only one break and that was because i crammed it into a travel case and i mean crammed .
the rubber base piece is removable so it can lay flat as well .
all of this needs to be spelled out more clearly . if this charger cost about 25 bucks i 'd say consider it if it works for your specific phone and you do n 't have a need for a protective cover on your phone like i have on my blackberry .
this phone is ugly and heavy and has a terrible user interface even for techies like myself .
i ride a motorcycle and i wanted a case that would absolutely not come off while riding and this fits the bill .
only one of the other 7 i tested did worse . ( i also tested the motorola h700 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one . )
the case has a few minor scratches as a result , but it still looks great .
it is expensive but it 's worth every penny .
a car charger is a must for anyone who has a cell phone .
hi all , this is a must have item if you own or are planning on buying a blackberry 8900 ( javelin ) . why you ask ? simple . . . . rim decided to change the charging connector on the 8900 to micro usb . . . . it is no longer mini usb .
i would n 't use it to listen to your music in particular , but it works just fine for live radio shows and tv broadcasts , where you really do n 't give a damn about sound quality .
i was hoping that this product would help me and i am happy to say that it does . last week i was staying at a hotel that had a really poor cell phone signal .
however its just that a simple case .
i ca n 't believe the same company makes both .
i like to change screens every month or so and at this price , i can do it !
i 'm keeping it for a backup case though .
the jawbone 2 is beautiful but does n 't fit because the required jaw contact is hard to maintain and you do n 't know until the caller says ( again ) that he ca n 't hear you . i tried the sennheiser because i love their other products .
these are conveniently compact , and even though they only last a few months , they 're cheap enough to replace regularly for the serial usb charger losers in my family .
i love how it really protects my iphone and its new .
very little money for this item .
i think that this will serve it 's purpose quite well and i am very pleased with the accuracy of it .
that was not there before . i put in my buick enclave and it works flawlessly . not sure where the interference is coming from .
it 's about the same for my itouch 4th gen .
the light indicates when it is charged . i just realized that my reviews are the closest thing to my immortality .
this can only be used for phone calls .
we have n 't had any issues at all charging two droid incredibles , and it 's helped solved the endless switching when you have two people in the car fighting over one charger .
this is perfect for anyone who , like me , does not want to be locked in to charging their devices using their computer 's usb ports .
you have to sacrifice sound for clutter free cables or go with sound and have wires all over .
this charge was like 5 or 6 bucks .
i could hear them perfectly . update after one year ( january 2009 ) just keeps working .
after wearing them for only 30 minutes , my ears were very sore .
most chargers out there can only charge one device at a time or it is only is usually only for the apple device .
no big issues with this , i 've bought many , many screen protectors because well you can never have enough !
i owned the v300 and found it to be a bit quirky , strange things would happen when ever i charged it , when it was finished all the personal settings would revert back to factory standard .
comes with more than just three .
the product does as intended , but the lifespan is quite poor .
my daughters did not peel as fast , so maybe if you are not too hard on the phone , they may last longer .
i also got the belt clip , because i like not putting my phone in my pocket .
as for me , there were two main problems .
i purchased two on different occasions for two phones . the old design feels bulky but the feel has a bit more rubberized grip . the design is sleeker but does not have the same grip , i feel like i am going to drop it because it feels slippery . we have not had problems with the clip its doing its job thus far
i made a list and taped it to the inside of my iphone case , so recall is not a problem .
i purchased these to use with my cell phone when i 'm unable to locate , or have n 't charged , my bluetooth earpiece .
the otter is a do n 't buy .
while its a great design , some thing needs to be done so it can stand up to the real world .
plugging in to my ipod or iphone , or ipad , the connector was very stiff to where i was concerned i might be damaging the connector part in the device .
luckily i saved the manual for the phone which i bought 3 years ago ! ( very simple if you do n 't still have the manual you just press down the hold button on the telephone base .
best of wishes with the repair !
these go along with the dust proof dust plugs . these came in handy for my kids , they are not too thin , and none of them as broken yet . i got them for my kids dsis , ipods and phones .
buy from amazon because the price is much much better than buying from the blackberry website .
i am shocked how great the sound is ! ! ! so far no headset i 've ordered in this price range has had good sound , good bass or good call sound . i am very pleased and recommend these to anyone .
the battery i am replacing was made in japan and after years of use , it is actually still better than this new made in china battery .
it fell off when ever he took it out of his pocket .
love that it 's moisture resistant which is perfect for running and doing a lot of walking in various weather as i do .
seems to be in tune with the charging system of my car in that it does not drain my battery excessively .
the cord is pretty standard , nothing to add about is durability , if you 've seen others , this is not different .
i wish that i had a cozip case when i first got my iphone .
give this bluetooth a try if you want to sound like you 're on a regualr phone
admittedly , i only turn it on to make or accept calls about once a week , but most rechargeable batteries discharge over time even without use .
as far as i can tell , that means the gps wo n 't work either without a monthly package from t mobile .
so , i can keep the bottom ones tighter to avoid pressure on my volume buttons while sliding one of the top ones to avoid pressure on my action button . i have n 't found a con yet . good luck !
i 'm still using it as a bumper but did order the clear version of this same make model .
i wanted to connect my palm pre to our pc , but did n 't want to use the charger cable that it came with .
however , i just did not like the size of this unit .
or , you choose not to stick the nub to your device , and only plug it in when you need it , which defeats the whole purpose of the charging grid . and that 's even to say that your device is compatible .
read the seller reviews to try to get a reputable seller .
i love how it hides cords and keeps items within easy reach . however !
if you are into the zebra look like i was , this one will not disappoint .
not a bid deal to me . bottom line if you are a prude about clarity and size , go with e105 . if you want more from a phone than just making calls , get the v300 ( or higher ) .
it was easy to setup and instructions are good .
i do use it to listen to music as i do my work waiting for the next call .
i believe that the failure of these headphones reported in many of the reviews on this webpage was caused by not using them as they are intended .
after i saw how well it fit i ordered another one !
i bought this headset in aug 08 . initially , i really liked it .
probably the biggest compliment you can give this headset is that you 'll often forget you 're using it .
again , picture quality is magnificent . this is a very powerful phone that takes time to learn and get the most out of .
this is just so much more convenient .
i guess i 'll deal with bulkier cases !
other models are out there that include a dock connector so you can leave your power and aux cables attached and just remove the phone , but cost more i 'm sure .
i even took to myrtle beach listening to music while on the beach . the downside , it 'wears' your ear , and after an hour of using it , your ears gets a bit uneasy with it . . .
i 'd forgotten my pin number , but was able to prove my identity by providing a phone number that i had called in the past week ( a bit weak of a security measure , but that 's another topic ) . they asked for the number printed on the back of the card , then told me to put the new card in my phone , and wait two hours or so for a text message .
i should have spent the extra money for the otterbox .
when he calls he always sounds clear and i ca n 't even tell i am on speaker phone .
cheap product but works . i had one issue , one of the ones i received wore out pretty quick .
it would 've been better if it was completely covered and also had a second pocket .
if you get these , make sure you have a wired set as a backup because these will run out of juice on you and you 'll need the wired ones to keep you going .
use it for my nokia n95 3 and it works very well . a bit bulky since its not really pocketable but fits in any bags for easy transport . great for using it on airplanes since it is small and will not take up the entire table . some keys are very touchy since i noticed that the e button will press twice . all in all a very nice product !
the new cover is just two months old , but already got cracks .
really good product for this low price !
it is soo nice to actually be able to use my phone now . this battery holds charge and have had no issues .
i purchased the imp70d so that my wife and i will both have phone chargers for our lg smartphones and ipods .
if you are looking for a simple way to eliminate dropped calls while you travel and to maintain a strong signal in the home , this will definitely do the trick .
i was so excited at first because it looks good and came at cheaper price , but later i was disappointed because it is not charging my phone properly even though i kept my phone charging for couple of hours its barely filling 10 20 of its battery only .
bought this phone ( actually the black v3 but the only real difference is video support and additional memory ) , for $ 149 from bb , replacing my v551 , basically just for the chic factor . initally i was very happy and excited with my purchase , but after a couple of weeks the novelty wore off and its shortcomings became apparent .
however , after sliding it out multiple times , it becomes loose and is easily removed .
whatever case you end up getting , get a high quality screen protector . . . as far as this case goes , i 'm looking to replace it with something very lean so i can still put the phone in the dlo . . . as you can see , i like a few layers of protection for my beloved iphone !
worth it if you want micro usb devices chargerecommendedif anyone has any questions about this please do n 't be afraid to ask me .
the construction is also first rate . while i was pleased with the first model i ordered , i was curious about whether i would be happier with this flip open model .
while surfing the web on the a630 is really cool when the network is accessible , for most part of the day the network is slow and often inaccessible .
they do sell you the original but it does n 't come in the retail packaging .
i took a five hour drive but when i unplugged the phone , the battery was completely discharged and the phone was very hot to the touch .
the speakers are not covered so that you can hear the phone ring .
like i said , it works , these are ok .
i can listen to my music stored on my cell phone with this headset i only wish that the battery charge lasted longer .
the wire also started to rupture after a few weeks .
this results in a 2 3 second delay . . . an eternity if you 've got another person on the line saying hello ?
i have an iphone , and it 's too wide and tall for this device .
item was as described , and the plastic is reasonably hard , but the plastic is not strong enough to do what i needed it for .
my conclusion so far is that this adapter came with some short of a defect or a 'short' in its wiring though my empirical tests are not conclusive .
clipped the connector off and used my own connector and off to the races it went .
it was good at first and then other people were having problems hearing me and i was misunderstood because of this headset .
my wife uses it all the time so she does n 't loose or misplace her headset .
we bought this for our minivan after maryland passed a new law about using handheld phones while driving .
it may work in other situations , but not what i bought it for .
i am very satisfied with the cost , quality , and timely delivery of this product .
after searching the internet for reviews on the top headsets to get , i continuously saw this one in the top 10 . for half of the top ten sites i reviewed , this headset was in the top 5 . so i purchased it . i use the headset with my iphone 3g and do n 't regret it .
you need to spend more money to get the connector for your phone . forget this item .
i was impressed with the advertised battery life , and took the plunge .
great that it came in a five pack , no matter where you order from it still comes from china .
however , this set paired up at once with my 4th gen iphone , my entourage edge and my samsung netbook .
it 's not an amazing protection to the phone as it 's on the thinner side , so i think the price your'e paying is because it 's uniquely transparent yet not hard plastic . because this is very rubbery , i think that the case will probably last a long time .
just a little at first , but now i have about a 1 2 inch area that is gone .
it looks great ( some of the others i have seen out there are gaudy and conspicuous . . .
i 've mated it with an ipod touch while listening to a downloaded audible text on long car trips .
it caused bubbles around the whole rim because it would not fit inside of the rim which is slightly higher than the screen .
the spring loaded clasp broke apart the second time i used it , and the metal rings are lightweight to the extent they permanently lose their shape almost immediately .
it 's kinda awkward to get the iphone in and out , especially because you have to unplug the headphones , and you ca n 't really touch the screen , so you have to get the iphone out , which as i said before is awkward .
the instructions and installation were easy and not time consuming at all .
so far this has been as advertised .
that was until last week when it stopped receiving .
however , the clip is strong enough that he does n 't feel the need to put it through the tabs .
if you have electronics , the i go and multiple tips sure make traveling easier .
i wanted to listen to music on my htc diamond sprint while exercising and around the house , without wires .
it 's even comfortable when wearing sunglasses . i 've never heard and echo , nor received complaints of others hearing one . many reviewers of this and other models seem to dislike the multi function button .
it never has damaged a battery on my phones .
i 'm really good about cleaning the screen keeping things looking good .
these covers are n 't expensive and work well once they are installed .
i was mistaken in my previous review , this charger will work with the ipad , but you must not use the standard sync charge cable from apple .
if you are looking for a quicker charge , it probably is worth getting the oem model that came with your droid .
this thing fits nicely in my ear and can get loud enough for you to hear in almost any condition .
for between 50 $ to 75 $ i would say it has no equal .
new battery has extended like of a basic , durable phone .
the charge light came on red and never changed to green .
this lite enough to carry in my pocketbook or briefcase .
well the included usb cable takes care of that problem . all in all this is a top notch device that i will without hesitation recommend to anyone needing a portable charger .
pretty disappointing that these headphones ca n 't last even 90 days .
i ordered this battery as a replacement for my wife 's phone .
this product does what it says .
i 'm amazed it is still in such great cosmetic and mechanical shape .
i was so excited it works perfectly .
it 'll get stuck in this infinite loop .
the shutter speed must be very slow , you have to hold the phone solid to not get blurry pictures ( when viewed on a computer screen full size ) on the phone they look great . overall my nits are truely nits , this is one heck of a great phone .
it pairs easily and has excellent sound quality ( and i 'm extremely picky when it comes to quality sound ) . i want to buy an extra set in case anything ever happens to these .
the battery lasts all day , so having a charger with me during the day has never been even remotely necessary .
the result of accessing the battery so many times is that the cheap plastic cover will eventually loosen up and refuse to stay attached to the unit .
it was cheap and it does it 's job .
as a female my bag is full of so much crap but this does the trick .
mine started to fray a bit at the edge of the tip , but i trimmed it and the fraying stopped . ( trimming did n 't cause any problems . ) i highly recommend it and would definitely buy it again .
reception was fine and the phone is a pretty decent , if basic , phone .
the spare usb port does n 't work on ours so we ca n 't use it , which is a bummer . it 's a bit bulky so hopefully you have a place to put it . but other than that it works great and gives us the amount of plugins that we need .
here is what i found . pros the unit is very light weight compared to similar devices i have owned .
this skin was a breeze to slip on , and it seems to easily come off when i need it to .
i 'm standing in a room with a tv blasting , just 10 feet away .
it did n 't break , and i was able to re install it , but it did fall off on impact .
in fact i gave up after i accidentally smudged the protector once you 've done that , it 's over . so the all important exposed external screen is done and i 'm happy but this product has a strangely thoughtless design on the internal one .
it is definitely work getting for your phone .
it snaps on fine for me but if i were to drop my phone the phone would be fine but the case would surely be done for .
i use it to charge and iphone and s4 at the same time .
bought this because my dog chewed up the first one .
i am pleased with these screen protectors , the price is great and they do the job .
these are tools and they work for what you need tools for .
in our household , we have multiple devices that need a usb plug .
some heard every word they said repeated back to them nearly as loud as my voice .
extended the life for a few more hours than the original battery .
i 've only just gotten my otterbox case , but it 's everything i wanted and more .
of course this only applies to when you 're not actually on a call . * buttons are small . * charging connector is small and directional and therefore difficult to insert at times . overall i think it 's a great headset and amazon has buy far , the best prices .
i flipped the visor down about 3 inches ( it does n 't obstruct my view at this height ) and the sound is now fantastic i 'm told .
i feel it 's a good compromise between look and functionality ( all i care about in my case , if to protect against scratches . . . ) . unlike other colors , the black feather is really black .
sound for me is crystal clear .
these are intermittent , do n 't waste your time on the aftermarket products they just do n 't last , not worth the hassle of wondering if it will work
the flashlight is very bright and very handy .
this is the most important thing , right ?
purchased a total of 3 so far . . 1st one had no sound but seller replaced immediately . .
i will be back to shop with boxwave in the future .
i found that it fits comfortably in my ear and most importantly , it has good sound quality and i could both listen to the conversation and be alert to conditions on the road at the same time .
however it was n 't powerful enough when i upgraded to the droid razr m .
the battery life is quite long and the reception is very good .
i bought a pair for my kindle fire and since it is black , they even look great .
after 2 hours , i got it to connect , but it wo n 't answer when i get calls or turn on when i want to make them .
cable connection is not good and will damage your devices . seems to charge ok , but so does if you get a good cable , and keep inserting removing from the usb port . . .
but there are updates for the newer models .
i also have some concerns about overtime damaging the usb port .
it charges all three devices still not getting warm at all . only one con i did n 't like the chrome band that goes all the way around the device . i also uploaded a few pics also .
my husband and i downgraded from our blackberry phones and purchased lg feature phones instead .
nice does what it is supposed to do . i like it for the reason it is way shorter that the stock one i put it on my sony w 810 and can listen to the phones radio though the phones speaker with out a long cord being in the way while im riding my bike that way everyone can hear the radio while we are riding
i use this in my vehicle almost every day and it is a fine charger . it is very stylish as it has a moto logo with a backlight that turns on when you connect it , people always ask about it when they see it and they like it . i use it to charge my good old atrix 4g and it has a small problem .
at the price , it is a bargain .
walking around about an hour let it charge up enough that i was satisfied .
it lasted about 10 minutes , and then fell right off the mount .
my trusty dusty is the plantronics mx150 . people ca n 't tell a difference between that and the mic on my cell phone .
please do not waste money on that pos .
if you need a cable , buy it !
the shipment was on time , and i am happy with the product .
my droid charged from 10 to 90 in less than half an hour so that was very positive .
so at lunch i can leave my evo plugged in and it charges it pretty quick .
not quite the same intensity as the original one , so it will take some more time than usual to fully charge your phone .
it should have come with a usb charger adapter included ; instead , this is supposedly available as an add on accessory , yet ca n 't be found for sale anywhere .
i 've ordered mine from mobilepalace , it came on the exact expected del . date , and it 's says 2008 apple ( the year when 3g was put up for sale ) so yeah , maybe it 's an original one , who knows pnote you do n 't get tools with it , or the adhesive lens tape .
i understand they also have a built in mic so you can talk calls with them not interested in this aspect .
if you use any programs or make a call , your phone will lose battery even with this plugged in .
they are priced the same , so get the better one . this is going back .
i have also noticed that if i am charging the ipad while using it , the battery actually still drains .
for less than $ 10 , you can get great sound , with a fun design !
that in itself makes up for any lackluster comparisons between the lg env touch iphones . the phone is rather large , but i have a big honkin' touch screen so in my opinion , there is a valid reason for it 's size .
i do n 't particularly like the belt clip .
highs and mid range are good , however , so if you do n 't listen to very thumpy music , these will sound fairly good . the noise reducing capability was kind of a disappointment ; it is n 't as good as i had hoped for .
also the amount of charge that i can get from fresh batteries has dropped significa n 'tly .
oy . * really good acoustic coupling means can hurt ears after a while * most of the fancy controls you really want do n 't really work .
i bought one that was too big to fit my iphone with the otterbox case . this one does not have that issue .
this thing is pretty cool if you want to figure out how much electricity different things are using in our house .
i used this charger for a couple of months now .
con battery only last 7 hours .
it is annoying but the phone charges anyway so i live with it . i am not sure if this is a phone or charger problem .
in other words , treat it very carefully and you 'll probably get fairly long use out of it .
this unit delivers on all 3 counts .
i much prefer it to the earpiece , which i had to worry about falling out of my ear and gave listeners on the other end an echo .
it wo n 't last quite as long during the second application , but it will extend its life a bit more . this price is great as well .
the buttons on each side are extremely easy to push and after wearing them for maybe 15 20 minutes it tends to make my left ear quite tender causing a readjustment or simple rest from it .
i am fully protected now thanks to this little case .
i 'm not sure why this is called a charging cable , it does not work as such .
i tossed this case is in the trash where it belongs .
it was alright . . . . did the job . . . . very funky looking though . . . . not a bad price though .
it flashes when it is connected to a device and if you are using this in a dark room to watch a movie , it can be very distracting .
even when it was on , it really made the screen look fuzzy , so when it fell off , i felt no remorse . 3 ) the worst part is the charger .
nice to have and easy to transport .
the only downside with this headset is that the first one i owned broke after about 2 years of use .
do n 't know if its be but kinda of charges item slow .
i bought this one because my last one was a pain in the neck to get on and off .
it also gives a bit of peace of mind to know it 's a motorola branded charger that 's less likely to overcharge fry my phone .
we just wanted to say thank you for getting us this charge ! ! the cat ate the other cord and this really helped us out !
i ca n 't remember the last time that i purchased a cellular accessory at a verizon store , when i can buy manufacturer brand names on amazon for a fraction of the cost .
i like the cradle that came with it .
i needed a charger quick and i did n 't want to spend $ 20 . 00 at the convenience store for a short , crappy charger .
they appear to be very durable .
its just small enough that if you have larger pockets you can carry it with you .
this strange setup also causes the headphones not to sit flat against the ears , but are awkwardly angled slightly outwards . i really hope that this was just a defected pair that i received , but based on mine i would not recommend this product to anyone with a normally sized and shaped head .
i bought this for my wife many years ago she likes it because it clip to her belt but now she upgrade to a galaxy s3
not as good as my cheap jawbone , but then people usually complain they ca n 't hear me as well on that one .
but still works as a charging cable so im happy .
easy to apply , they work great , and there 's enough for you and a couple friends .
i hav n 't received any complaints since i 've been using this bluetooth .
other then that its a good product .
the headpone does n 't fit in completely and i had to push it to get connected .
the only problem i had with this is the logo .
this case was a bit thin in my opinion .
my son had his on for about 3 weeks and it started peeling off around the edges .
that 's ok for something attached to your laptop that 's going to sit right next it , but it 's too short to be comfortable for a general purpose phone charging cable , for example . ok , it 's cheap .
even though it works fine for me without its own power supply i chose to use it as recommended by the manufacturer .
the tip wo n 't damage the screen .
not a lot of these batteries around my area , the 1 i did locate was n 't nearly as cheap , this works great .
it is compact enough to fit almost anywhere and yet provides several hours of additional battery power for your device .
i also think that the users voice comes out a bit muffled and people complain that they ca n 't really hear you .
for everyone who is searching over and over again on amazon trying to find a headphone adapter for their htc , etc phones , read this . there are basically four options . 1 2 . there is this adapter , and there is the one that is straight instead of right angled .
do yourself a favor and do n 't buy this garbage .
i bought this to protect from scratches , from accidental dropping and to make my pocket not heavy . .
the price is good and the cable is working well .
so i would suggest to improve the battery power on this version .
it does have the option where it tries to guess the word you are spelling , which is good .
very clear screen protector ca n 't hardly tell it 's on the phone .
i was able to use most features easily , with clear reception .
this product looks to be of good build quality and it certainly does the job .
never any issues with phone recognizing usb connection , as the original does , when plugged to pc .
it really is worth protecting your $ 300 $ 500 investment . thanks for reading
dialing out is easy , 1 for the first cell phone , 2 for the second , and then again after you enter the number to call .
it works great and is basically free except for shipping .
it is a good solution , but not a perfect one .
i used it on the vent and on day two or three after i received it , it would start moving to the sides when i turned .
it spent a day and a night on the ground in the rain and even got either stepped on or driven over , as the earhook was broken off .
it 's good to see him enjoying the phone .
what 's not to love about that ?
i tried to take it 1 step too far and remove the plastic back to make it a bumper ( since that was i was looking for anyway ) but it 's not firm enough to be a bumper .
i just use it to charge my phone for 30mins .
it 's ok but not worth the price .
u buy these for the convenience of no wire coming out of ur pocket that 's connected to a cell phone or other electronic .
it 's more money , but it 's worth it , at least they 'll work .
i don' actually 34 ; love it 34 ; , but as it works as expected i am giving it five stars . my only issue was wrong plug type , but this was immediately resolved by seller .
still better than buying $ 12 ones that keep breaking though .
i also have the samsung wep 200 which works well the microphone does n 't pick up too much noise and the speaker gets plenty loud .
i was a little unsure about this case at first due to the few negative reviews .
i would definitely recommend this headset , and if you have short hair , there would be nothing to complain about .
after prolonged periods of use , they may start to hurt your ears a bit .
i 'm not paying for a camera , mp3 player , web browser , fancy screen , or video player , and i plan to sell the free phones we got from t mobile to someone who actually wants those features .
she was concerned about not having any over the ear holder but has had no problems and finds it so comfortable she forgets she has it in .
it can be annoying , but it 's not too big a deal .
i have one next to my bed , one on my desk at work and one in my car .
this works for all usb cords , great if your in the car for long periods of travel time .
seems to be secure , probably would not come off your phone inadvertently . btw , the blackout case is completely opaque .
it was working fine for a while .
my callers can hear me well enough , but they are aware that i am using some sort of hands free device . overall , i am very happy with these headphones .
well , i bought 3 of these because of the price and 2 work great with no problems .
i drive a truck , so i am always getting in and out .
if you like the look , then get it , it 's a good deal for the price .
it stays forever lit , and thats okay .
good charger and is perfect because it is also has a usb connection .
now for very young kids you may want ear buds that are attenuated , but i have attenuation set on the devices they use
so i unplugged it and plugged in another one . that 's strange , that one does n 't work either , i thought . hmmm , and what 's that smell ? turns out , that smell was a hard drive frying .
i bough this for my hubby , he does construction and it really works for him .
its cheaper and much much better quality .
i did drop it on the floor once and it does n 't protect the silver bezel or the glass , so keep that in mind if you 're looking at this case .
the new one has a great fit .
one for my desk , one for my car and one for at work .
i have now used this in two different cars , and it is perfect you can have the usb ports ( and 12v ports , if needed ) where you need them .
great quality in the product and not cheap like others .
these pens are nice , but the one you purchase at the apple store are more effective .
the phone is old but oh well , getting some extra life out of it for almost nothing .
however , it has been a great battery .
nice works great no problems no cheep worth the dime a good good ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
gps is a big drain on your phone .
does what it is supposed to do , no side effects .
it worked and was n 't bad , but i got tired of trying to get the phone out of the case each time i need to answer a call or use the phone .
my only complaint is about the usb charging port ; while it is a standard one , it 's not as common as some other plugs . if something happens to my headset , i 'll be getting another immediately .
i just wish it were another foot long .
why would you pay so much ?
the clip broke off but with a little super glue it was good as new .
the plug is a little too big , and the microphone at twice the size would still be way too big .
i was surprised to find this excellent powered usb hub for much less money than i paid for an identicel one over three years ago .
they forgot to mention that important step .
she loves it as it 's very compact and fits in her handbag quite unobtrusively , while keeping her iphone charged at all times .
the price is great and product is great .
great for travel when you have more than one thing to charge . . .
the range is very poor , and the noise level is completely unacceptable , even inside in quiet environments .
especially for the price , this is a great choice !
we all know perfectly well that the apple iphone has a terrible battery life , right ?
many people praise the audio quality , so there must be a lot of variations in the units .
provided enough power to make the ipad 2 last the flight dc 62 ; tokyo with hours to spare .
its extrememly frustrating because its already falling and apart and barely charges my phone .
product works good so far but it is incredibly short , its about a foot long , maybe a little more .
i wo n 't be buying this brand again .
this was very very simple to set up and charged very quickly .
i ca n 't stand a regular iphone screen without this protector . one single con1 ) makes the screen just a little grainy , nothing that 's bothered me and i 'm picky , but need be aware . get it
other than that i find nothing redeeming about this headset , i believe motorola will discontinue this model because of its severe flaws .
installing is n 't difficult , besides needing to know the antennae must be connected prior to the power , the rest is simple and intuitive .
that is until i found the same case on amazon for half the price .
this may have affected its performance .
very satisfied and would easily recommend this to folks who want the added protection and peace of mind . .
but the unit is quite difficult to wear the boom is wide and boxy ; the weight is unbalanced , as well .
from reading some of the negative reviews here , i think some people have not taken the time to learn how to operate this phone .
i would recommend this headset to anyone tired of uncomfortable ear buds and those damned wires . i read all of the negative reviews before reading all of the positive reviews .
it works fine with thejabra bt620s headphonesand does its job well , but my only complaint is that it seems to suffer from some interference every now and then that some of my other bluetooth devices do n 't . please note well that this is just a minor quibble , and the overall performance is superb .
this is not audible to others but significa n 'tly diminshes the usability of this product .
i use this to connect my old accessories ( mini ) with the new phone ( micro . ) it works fine on my motorola wall and portable chargers .
it is the best one i 've had for my galaxy note ii .
i still get an occasional dropped call , or show minimal reception bars even when i sit the phone right next to the device to text message .
otherwise the quality and fit is perfect for me a smaller frame female .
my only problem with the phone is that the buttons are not the same shape and are spaced apart which makes text messaging a bit trickier at first .
i ordered three different chargerst his year for stocking stuffers , and i think out of all three this was my favorite just for the dual usb ports . sturdy , works well , and my brother was thrilled to see it in his stocking .
i bought this for my wife 's 2 year old iphone 4s .
when plugged into my computer , i can drag and drop files to my kindle .
on trips , i use a pair of them with a y cable to connect our phones , the gps , and the little one 's handheld all at the same time .
it 's a big ear piece and initially i was going to send it back .
though it does n 't exactly meet the fast charging needs of high end phones , it works pretty well on all of them , you just need to be patient .
i am waiting for the full refund from the seller for they said so .
i bought this phone for the sole purpose of making calls and because of the bluetooth feature .
this is unnecessary to me , and is actually an eyesore , as the blue can be distracting while you drive at night .
i have been using this for a month . pros it is a good value .
why could n 't they have 2 cables in the package ?
i also like how i can turn it off easily by folding the earpiece and unfolding it allows it to automatically link back up with my phone within a couple seconds .
the great thing is the comfort ; i find that i can wear it all day long , even though it 's not the smallest or lightest headset .
i wish there was some sort of necklace dongle where it could be placed and taken off when needed . its small and very light and the range is excellent . very highly recommended .
it fits great in my '07 honda civic my '00 camry , would definitely recommend this to anyone !
i love this charger and i would recommend this to anyone that is away from their office or car for extended periods of time and have the need to charger their phone .
he likes that it 's not cheap and fits comfortably on his ear . we have since gotten blue ant 's other models and while they are n 't selling as quickly as this one , they are still a hot item but the vx1 gets my vote for it 's pretty design ( i like the ant picture ) and for being small .
great case , sturdy , doubles battery , wont have to worry any more .
although amazon said shipment may take 3 7 days , i just did n 't want to shell out for overnight shipping again .
considering the price , no complaint about that , my hip to my ear is all i need .
they were for small childred and they did n 't cost that much .
and it was n 't aligned so it was sticking out in a corner .
i purchased this as a replacement battery for a motorola w755 . purchased it through amazon from a 3rd party vendor . ( oem shop ) it arrived w in a week of ordering in new condition and fully charged .
works just as well as the original that came with my iphone .
this particular case did not fit the phone , cannot make a commend , it could not fit , a cute case , to small
the 1st time i used our signal booster it worked great .
it holds tight once you get the hang of installing it . . .
the caller id is nice to have and has an indicator to let you know whether you missed a call or not .
this little number helps prevent the phone from having to lay sideways in the cupholder and takes the abuse rather than the primary cable which can be more costly to replace .
i had not opted to use the earbud only ( do n 't trust those always scared it will come out of my ear ) and although i tried two different size buds as well as the earhook , it was so loose that if i shook my head even slightly , it came out .
as of today ( 6 7 11 ) , it is not sold or shipped by amazon . when i ordered it , it arrived on time , and i tried it right away .
range is as advertised and very good .
i have owned numerous bt headsets over the years .
this one of the greatest products from plantronics ! ! i have tried others that have failed signifantly in the past .
it 's a bit odd angled but as it 's one of few of these available on amazon it 's great .
these are not bad for the price at all .
the plastic housing on the charger unit could be sturdier f they are going to charge consumers these prices for must haves items like this . that being said , this is my first day using it and i have a 12 hour conference call at work , so i may edit my review later .
there are other similar products on the market that work .
this product is very user friendly and great for work . i even purchased one for a friend ! thanks !
the screen protector is n 't that great .
but since i bought my iphone i 've been looking for a case that i could clip onto my purse or a belt loop and i have n 't found one .
i also like to get up and walk around , and so far i have had no complaints from callers and bridge attendees .
charging also worked with all of them when i used a mini usb charger . i have been using this for several months now , and it continues to perform . i highly recommend it .
on the other side of the call , the callers tell me that the voice quality is pretty good , with a hint of echo sometimes .
you pay a penny and less then three bucks for shipping to get three screen protectors that are even supposed to be reusable ( although , i doubt you can really wash and reuse them ) . i 've gone through at least three different brands of protectors and these rank just behind the one that came with a marware case i bought .
i had that same problem with another hub though , so i think it 's the drive .
i had this for 5 years and it still works .
buy several and keep some in your travel bag , your glove box , your office , your camping gear , and any other bag that you may take with you on different trips .
i have not yet used it for phone calls .
in general , i like the fit , clarity , ease of use , and do n 't feel like i have a growth erupting from my ear .
afterwards it was amazing , the sound clarity improved so much .
during several calls i 've asked the other party how i sound .
love that you can answer phone calls with it .
so when i replaced the freshly laundered phone with another pantech ( also free ) i found it now had been upgraded to use the mini usb .
works fine if you do n 't move the phone .
i originally had a g1 and found this pouch to be great for keeping it clean and protected in my pocket without having to worry about what else was in my pocket .
makes me move my furniture every time .
i have one in my travel case , one in my bedroom , one in the living room , etc .
use it as a mirror and it keeps people out of my business .
box was n 't sealed and think the product was manufactured in 2005 but again , everything works well . i miss the nokia ui but battery time is okay and reception seems fine .
it 's also very handy to have both usb slots .
sound is great , they fit well , and stay in place , they do n 't tangle up like the white ones provided with ipods and such , and they cost less than those , so this is a no brainer ! treat yourself to a pair . . . at under $ 20 . 00 you ca n 't go wrong .
it has been able to charge my phone from 50 to full in a short amount of time without a dent in the amount of charge the unit holds .
it was an excellent charger for travel , and used for palm and other phones .
it does make me want a larger screen and the new 4 inch devices being released are very tempting ( when we can buy them unlocked ) . i hope they are are good as this phone for usability .
i 've managed to drop my blackberry with it once already and the case actually came apart . . . the front half remained attached to the phone .
i do n 't bother messing with the switch and just let it charge the phone continuously .
that actually works out better because i only need maybe 2 feet to charge my phone at work .
i 've had it for over a year and it still works perfectly , which is more than i can say for my previous bluetooth devices .
i was a bit nervous to apply it in reading some other comments for this and other skins .
do n 't want to risk $ 599 to save $ 7
very buggy , which while the bugs can be fixed with upgrades , will never fix the really ( for me , at least ) difficult to use touchscreen keyboard .
the device i had before that , was the cardo scala 500 . i 'd bought that one from amazon and wound up returning it due to low volume .
then it started emitting a high pitched noise while it was connected to power . i had to send my device back , and since i am a tester , i do n 't get a replacement .
i 've heard from people i 've called that it picks up a lot more wind and background noise that my old voyager 510 did .
the case fits snug but is also easy on . . . easy off .
well my husband does n 't like this clip , i think its because he ca n 't get it out of the case quickly .
once charging my phone completely from 20 only set it back to one 3 4 full .
just have a full charge , and i was good to go . but , with the droidx , once you start using the smart phone features , like the gps ( which i use when i leave my regular gps at home ) , the battery goes down faster than just used as a phone . and , with the price ( $ 4 . 71 , though it 's now $ 3 . 15 ) , i figured why not ?
ever since i bought this headset i have become a fan of it .
when i recently received this battery , i immediately noticed that it suspiciously looked used ( it had deep marks scratched on the ends ) and i had my doubts . . .
then after that , it gets worse so fast that i can not keep it in my ear . i am so upset about this , because i really truly love this earpiece .
never had one fail or have had to wiggle the micro usb end to get it to work like all the el cheapo ones i had before .
range is not great , sometimes 10 ft causes annoying i am about to disconnect noise .
despite the fact that this is a nice phone , it 's better to buy a more sturdy one . update i 've contacted nokia usa which confirmed the phone is under warranty and asked to ship the phone to be serviced .
it did n 't have as much reach so i could n 't use it to charge my phone in the dash mount i have .
the charge seems to last as described ( has n 't lost a charge while running for 6 straight hours ) . they could use a little more bass , but for portable speakers , they work very well .
got 5 of them for $ 3 . 30 so i ca n 't complain about anything , all of them work .
i have purchased lots of inexpensive chargers thru amazon and other sources .
like most screen protectors it is overpriced but if it really does last the lifetime of the phone it would be cheaper than the others long term .
if you 're ocd , id suggest not getting this .
note that the connector exactly matches the picture in the product description so i knew what i was getting ahead of time .
the fact that it comes with so much makes it unlike any other .
both units delivered to me would not turn on .
the case itself is very attractive .
i 'm so glad i bought it and it 's much bigger than i thought it would be , you could fit 2 or 3 bluetooths in there or somethng else .
when you are driving and expecting a hands free ride , this is a pretty serious problem . so i am replacing it and hoping that samsung has addressed these problems with the well reviewed wep470 .
so , for my money , this is the better buy .
cannot have too many of these cables .
there both work just fine , could be a little longer but works for must of my needs
it became very slim pickings for music that is in my taste , i use to have a 2014 chevy hd 4x4 so it had a pretty decent audio system in it .
does all a 64yo gentleman desires . ! !
too bad that 's not really possible . as the title suggests , it 's loads of fun to play around with , more features than most users would probably take advantage of , and you learn a lot about what really consumes power in the household ( turns out my computer system costs more to run than the refrigerator ) . you just gotta buy it and try it for yourself , worth the money by far !
this one works great and has made the person i eventually gave it to happy
then it would n 't stay synced to my lg env touch . . rendering it totally worthless after paying well over $ 70 for it at the time .
for the money , you wo n 't find anything better .
there are really no * pluses * to having this cover . . . it was inexpensive and shipped quickly tho . . .
this way when you get it to fit , it is more likely to fit after you mash it around in your pocket .
otherwise you are rolling the dice .
the iphone 3g is the second generation of iphone , and was introduced on june 9 , 2008 . so as of may 2013 , it is a 5 year old device !
if you are at work and do n 't want anyone to know you are listening to music , then do n 't use the extra earphone .
my iphone fits inside with some room to spare , not as snug as i would have liked .
mine is in bad shape after just 2 months and i dropped it once on a counter not even on the floor when the phone slipped out of my hands and it cracked the case in two places .
i 've been able to carry conversations in my bedroom and bathroom while the phone itself sits in the living room !
wow , best $ 60 i ever spent .
i bought two of these to help make keeping my otter box case on when needed to use the speaker aux cable . the first cable worked for about 1 hour before it began to fray and separate .
just would have been nice to know .
i bought two , one for each car . with this being an oem product , i do n 't have to worry about this unit ruining my phone or bluetooth .
this is the best one i 've ever owned bar none .
when mounted , you ca n 't tilt it , so it 's a real hassle to open . i have mine set , and i just wedge the phone into it when i want to use it . i primarily use it when driving through new york city , to use my phone as a dash cam .
i like the razr and would recommend it .
no more dashing out of the house with an uncharged phone ! as much as i like it though , unfortunately it has its drawbacks .
i like this case so much i purchased two of them .
instead go with the original chargers .
love that it is n 't too hard so it bulges in your bag but , it is hard enough that even when you bag is full you need n 't worry about the safety of it 's contents .
i have both and both work just fine .
and you really have to be careful that the microphone is pointed towards your mouth . . . or the person on the other end will lose what you 're saying .
nice to carry this in my purse for my head phones and other small items for my sell phones
you wo n 't get more then a few charges out of it though .
my only real issue with this item is that i was not able to charge my device while it was in its case .
if the description would n 't have said factory reconditioned , i would n 't have known .
nothing you probably own will fit it , so you will need to buy all new accessories . 3 ) the micro sd card that comes with it is way too small .
i live at the edge of a signal teetering anywhere from zero to five bars .
after trying several stereo headphones that were to small to fit comfortably or started hurting my ears after wearing a few hours , these were a revelation .
it 's the same battery you would by at your cell phone store .
these are the original accessories that came with the second gen palm pre phones .
so yeah . . . 4 of 5 due to the installation mishap but a great product once the protector is on .
the wire is very short though .
the sound is simply too poor to make this suitable for any sort of serious music listening .
i want to charge the ipod , then keep it connected to the imp70d and use the ipod .
a few phones out now can use up to 1000ma .
not only is my screen scratch protected , but i find that have to wipe off finger prints and smudges a lot less now . overall , excellent !
however being it is a generic cable who knows what size you 'll get or the quality .
it is exactly what i ordered and it is a generic cable cord .
i 'm batting . 500 and because i 'm a gambling man , i like my odds .
while it has n 't fallen off , it constantly feels like it might whenever my head is moving . my big complaint with the hs850 is the sound quality .
the 2 cons i can mention are that the on off button is too small and hard to push , and that when the battery is almost dead the buttons stop working ( even though the sound continues fine ) so you have to hang up using the phone instead of the headset .
do not waste your money ! ! ! this is junk .
i 've specifically asked people who i talk to using the headset what it sounds like on their end and they tell me they ca n 't tell i 'm on a headset at all .
i use a motorola q and my friend has an i phone both of us has service though verizon .
i had that headset for 1 . 5 years , and it had kept its battery life and functionality .
overall , i really liked this phone and was bummed out that verizon was n 't willing to replace it with the same one as they stopped carrying this phone .
it is what it claims to be .
it seems fine to me and you can adjust it easily , but keep in mind any headset is an annoyance when you first wear one .
the difference between zero bars and two bars is well worth the price of the product . i 'm very happy with the cell booster with the ease of set up and use , and in gaining the ability to make a call in places where i might not be able to otherwise .
this little thing is very handy .
i got this to help things out while behind the wheel .
i 've always just bought an international phone card when i 've traveled but decided to take my own phone this one time and try one of these sim cards .
i use this mainly when i travel so i wont have to deal with finding an outlet in the airport .
turning the car off , then back on did work but it was inconvenient .
i do n 't care what kind of special technology is in there , there is never any substitute for putting the microphone next to your mouth .
i 've had no problems so far with this charger .
compare that to the roughly $ 6 i paid for five of these here on amazon .
i just have to remember to get the phone off the charger when i leave home .
i generally carry the camera in my pants pocket and this would just add bulk .
i 'm embarassed walking into a supermarket wearing thing .
my family and i have so many apple usb cables for different iphone ipad itouch 's and they seem to always get lost or damaged .
easier just to buy additional adapters that work for your phone and leave them in places ( car , home work ) where you can recharge at will .
have n 't used the booster for a month .
i have a cigarette lighter charger from an old phone that i sometimes use to recharge my itorch when i am in my car .
other than that is was inexpensive and worked just the way it should .
brought the bars on my phone up to 3 but only within about 10 feet from the product .
does not work on ipod touch 4g , do n 't know of its cause it was broken already out the box , leds do n 't work what is this ? ! garbage , do n 't buy guys
it took me a week to get used to how to touch and slide but hang in there . . cuz once you get used to it you will love it .
it works better than anything else i 've tried .
i 'm baffled as to why the install instructions are so kludgy and does n 't reflect this . once i reviewed the install guide and took note of the warnings , i set up the signal for use indoors .
i actually ordered the incorrect battery and before i could return it , the company had the correct battery sitting in my mailbox .
had a good mirrored finish and you could see through it without much difficulty . i decided that i did n 't like it that much .
since it so small , i tuck it away and now i ca n 't find it ; ( . anyways , i had 2 great headset by plantronics and samsung .
i heard the bose version of this style product but could not afford $ 300 , so tried this $ 50 version . 1st the battery cover is flimsy it was difficult to snap on and i was afraid i was going to break it . 2nd the stream was horrible .
the voyager fits the bill and has great features .
every few minutes , the connection weakens , and sound stutters and even cuts off for a few seconds .
most important , they do n 't complain about road noise . i leave the device in the car all the time , and recharge it about once a week .
naturally i had to redo my speed dials and i could n 't load some of my favorite games , but i knew that going in .
on the first couple of tries , the bluetooth connections may not seem to work , but they do .
however , with other smart phone choices such as blackberry , nokia and iphone i am not sure the os here holds up to the competition .
i have the replacement , and still have the ear hook issue , and it does n 't stay in my ear without it .
i have n 't seen a smartphone yet that will go all day without at least one stop by the charger , but with the higher resolution devices , 60 or more of the power is eaten up by the screen .
this being one of the best selling bluetooth products of all time , there is n 't any need for me to explain how good it is .
needed for my razr cellphone to change the internal battery .
i took it fishing worked like a charm .
the noise reduction feature is supposed to be the highlight of this jabra .
this product does not fit any motorola phone .
plugs into the right stuff and charges the phone , why do we have to write a certain number of words just to say , yep it works ? !
i cannot believe how inexpensive they were .
went on vacation recently without a charger no worry , it never lost power .
i 'd bet this was a refurbished battery .
btw , i am using it primarily with skype . ok , i have to add something to this review .
i have a bag full in my tundra for different applications and use it with a y cord so i can charge two items at once .
basically , the nokia n75 is a smart phone , which means it comes loaded with tons of applications .
the thing never held a charge .
i needed a second micro usb cable for my new samsung captivate phone .
this charger and cable are the genuine article and are free from such messages when plugged into the phone .
great apps for whatever you need .
for duracell they have had some great inventions , but there honestly can be one device that is n 't worth its money .
stop the blinking and make it steady . my wallet said , 34 ; spracht ! ! ! 34 ; when it coughed up the dough for this toy .
it was pretty comfortable but the earpiece was not as soft as id hoped
this is a very simple and convenient device .
it about doubles the thickness and weight of the phone ; i do n 't find that a problem at all .
it has been great for the following reasons cheap ( $ 13 ) superb coverage i travel coast to coast and even get service in the backwoods of rural alabama ( costa rica too ) battery lasts and lasts ( and lasts ) easy to useall i wanted was a phone that worked .
just do know that this product is not free from possible defects .
i went to take my kerosene down to the basement and i slipped and fell .
works great , and you ca n 't beat the price .
from my experience , china origin venders of this kind of products often ship very different items from what are shown in amazon product pages . prior to this , i had tried 3 similar holsters which died in a few weeks to months .
this appears to be an oem battery at a fraction of the price i would have had to pay at t for the same battery .
this phone has excellent voice clarity , and seems to find a strong signal where ever i go .
i was again dissapointed at once by the flat , tinny sound that finally came through the stylish and lightweight headset when i finally played the new coldplay album from my android phone .
plugged it in and it started charging immediately .
unstrapping the case , will allow it to fold down , allowing you to use the camera , and the thing remains hanging from it . . . no need to put away or find your case again .
the charger is basically working for my need . . . to charge basically all those that are compatible with my usb cable .
i had a rubber case for a while that kept falling off and it was really hard to get it out of my bag or pocket without it falling off , so this case is perfect .
yes , they are cheap and yes , there are several in the pack .
only problem is that it took a very long time to arrive .
there are other copy cat products on the market at a lower price , but the material fit are not as good plus some of the function buttons ca n 't be used .
it only has a single pocket , and it is partially exposed .
at the time this was the only case available for this phone .
only certain books caused this behavior . if it did not quit on me i would certainly recommend it as a phone headset .
i really wanted a razr so i went looking .
you ca n 't beat it for the price .
it unlocked my pantech c790 just like that .
the only difference between the input jack on the iphone and any other mp3 player is that the iphone jack is deeper , more recessed in than normal .
if you are looking for a narrower charger with a laser pointer , maybe for your computer bag , this might be for you .
it 's fine as a cable so far , but now it has a heavy middle , which means if i drop it easily as i 'm trying to plug it in , and have to go hunting for it between the seats .
i have a htc phone and this works great .
find the cellular 5 star product it 's way down , and buy it .
works great , charges great , looks great . i 'm really thankful . . .
item is sleek with a simple design .
i think these are my first protectors that have not came bent .
admittedly , i talk a lot . all in all a very good product , but more work is needed on the glitches .
she probably charged the phone maybe 6 times since she does n 't use it much .
i got this unit at a close out price , and i feel that i definitely got my money 's worth .
i bought these to put on my basic ear buds and have them fit more comfortable so i can wear them longer .
it was received on time and just as described .
i think it shipped from overseas so maybe that is how they have to ship it .
but , when i got it i was excited but after opening it i realized how cheaply put together it was and it just felt so brittle in my hands .
clear , understandable and others could hear me clearly .
so , be patient and read the manual .
i do get reception , but it added a bar for me .
strange . i have noticed it is verrrrry slow on charge time .
this was a replacement because i barely bumped against a table and it snapped right off .
i used with an old phone just for music but it did n 't work out .
the quality is 34 ; good 34 ; however i have seen better ones in the past .
then i plugged it in . first i noticed my mouse did n 't work .
for the price i paid these can not be beat .
i do n 't like to carry a headset without a case in my pocket because it can easily get damaged or it can be inadvertently switched on .
in illinois you must have hands free while talking and driving , figured it saved me $ 100 ticket .
once it partners with the phone it remains connected . so it 's been a mixed bag .
i ordered these for my bb storm , and the sound quality is way better than expected .
this cord fits perfectly on my samsung galaxy s2 but the cord is not very long at all .
i did this as other reviewers had warned against over charging .
awesome ! * cons * probably have n 't had the itorch long enough . . . but so far , no complaints !
i bought it for under $ 5 . 00 . you simply cannot beat that .
this product is excellent and works extremely well .
the rubberized cable is also about 1 2 longer and the label is n 't as sharp as the other one .
five hours on a single charge with the volume at full . d ) my blackberry can me in my living room and i can be in the bathroom with the door shut and it will work .
the charger dock requires additional pieces in order for it to function . . . not sure i 'll ever use it .
i love the ability to retract the cable when it is not being used .
well i did manage to find a holster from one of my earlier purchases for my phone and it fit the box wave like a glove .
sort of unnecessary , but whatver , it works !
song ) and i have not pressed excesively hard . . . overall feels cheap even though it looks great . . .
the wife has broken 2 sets . .
i thought it was broken , however after finding something small to push the innerds back down to where the cord would once again fit inside , it 's worked just fine .
my phone will go 3 says before having to charge it .
i have used it now for 2 weeks with a razr v3 and i am satisfied it works as advertised .
i have some concerns about durability after the first pair died so quickly .
the scala 500 is incredibly lightweight and ( when adjusted properly to your ear ) very comfortable . i 'm impressed by the controls .
easy placement if you take care to clean the screen really well .
my phone is full of electricity , i 'll tell you that .
the clip that came with it wqas a little loose though .
unfortunately , there really is n 't any way to know for sure how much life is left in this ( ha , ha ! ) new battery . i 'm pretty sure these old stock ( 04 2009 ) batteries are close to their functional expiration date .
this thing works great , it is a must have if you live in a 'hands free' state .
it had n 't been run over by the car , or sat upon , or dropped .
after 8 years of network and local comcast issues , i gave up on that technology in favor of the full usage of my cell phone only .
two of these things shorted out , fortunately my devices were n 't garaged .
my only problem is i wish i would have opted for purple instead ( love purple ) .
i can bend it to longer or shorter , any angle and still turn the phone in place .
this is the perfect chord to use when travelling .
it fits my ear perfectly , i can wear it for hours without noticing it , and it gives great sound .
or it just does n 't do anything no matter what charger i plug it into .
constant lockups , requiring the removal of the battery to reboot even after doing a firmware update , made me return this to amazon .
the manual needs some work due to the poor translation from chinese to english but this is n 't a big deal as you will understand what they are trying to explain .
it works , it looks great , it is of great quality , the strap is elastic and tightens up really well , gets the job done , works for what i bought it for . happy customer ! update i 'm no longer happy with this product .
still , all things considered , i recommend this .
my service agreement seemed kind of pricey , and the coverage was poor ( i could n 't get a signal in my own kitchen , and i live in the middle of a big city , not out in the country ) and in the end , i 've shelved this phone for a smaller one with a cheaper monthly fee .
i have one that continues to work , the others have stopped working for no apparent reason .
they are comfortable for him and the color is bright .
thought the brand was good and to my surprise does not fit my phone .
for the price that you pay , it 's a great deal for anyone out there .
i 'm not sure if it was broken in shipping , or production , but by the time it got to the end user the product was useless .
but i would n 't recommend it as a part of your 34 ; travel kit 34 ; to install in different rental cars .
i like to keep my phone close to my hands and this sticky pad allows me to do exactly that even when i make a sharp turn .
the cord is long enough for my needs and it charges fast . this is n 't one of those cheap ones from the mall kiosk or something that will rip from the connection or have breaks in the wiring inside the insulation either . definitely a must for any cell user .
just purchased this refurbished from best buy , for a ridiculously low price , and this little thing is awesome ! ! ! i had it out of the box , fully charged , paired with my phone and in use in under an hour .
if you text message often as i do , the keyboard and the auto text features are amazing .
not going to use this for cards or anything like they showas it wo n 't close correctly then and if so very flimsy not safe
the sides are n 't protected , but it seems to be okay for most purposes .
it does n 't fit 100 perfectly , but it 's really enough that it looks really crisp and more snug than the s4 . the biggest issue i have with is that the headphone flap is n 't easy to fully close , but it also is n 't easy to open either , so it protects that jack well .
the clip is sturdy and secure .
this is a really great mount .
i purchased three of these batteries and each one would not last through one day in standby ( not making calls ) before it went dead .
if you want a decent , inexpensive case , this is a good choice , especially for the black iphone .
one tried to get it to work , and finally gave up .
the design is very cheap but i had to give it 4 stars for the price and the fact that i was able to get it to work with my samsung galaxy s3 .
looks like this cable is going to get quite a workout .
perfect case , leaves your phone well protected ! ! ! ! great price for the same product that costs way more . . . . . a definite great buy .
running or whatsoever you do they will stay on your ears .
sound quality is n 't the best i have heard , but it is decent enough , lacks somewhat in the bass but makes up for it for crisp sound .
i 'm a frequnt business travler heavy user .
some people may be annoyed by the blue light , it does n 't bother me a bit .
there is no way that these were originally $ 70 headphones .
might get another in another color .
i do put it back in the charger during lunch break .
and the auto off once you disconnect it is great .
shure had it right and i wish they still made it .
this one feels much more sturdy than any i have ever owned .
i bought these two of these cables looking to replace damaged samsung ones that i had laying around .
i bought this case for my husband .
it will reach pretty far because of the coiled section but this will put stress on the charge port of your phone which many people do n 't realize will eventually break it .
maybe it 's just me , but i 've never had to wash the eargels for my bt headsets before . the connection and audio performance are just fine , but the eargel issue is bugging me enough that i 'm going to try a new headset after 9 months .
i purchased this cable so that i could connect my cell phone ( lg cu515 ) to my computer and download pictures from it .
good product blue tooth fits snugly and keeps it clean and ready to grab out of my purse .
construction is so bad that i estimate that the electrical integrity is likely just as bad and may actually harm delicate electronics like cell phones .
i used to have an otter box for my other phone .
i went to the att store , where they sell these , and the salesman said there is no way to prevent this .
right out the box from verizon it had the older os on it , even though the rep told me was up to date .
first of all , referring to the pictures posted above , the second one is not the same item as the first picture .
this product cost so much less than the apple product and does the exact same thing .
yes , i 'd like to have gotten 1100mah because it 's nice to know that it might last a little longer on a single charge .
i finally dumped the low battery time , irrational malfunctioning razr phone in november and upgraded to the blackberry curve 8310 in red .
i 've had this for a while and it works perfect .
bought this for our samsung phone , but it also works for several lg handsets we use occasionally .
the sound is loud and clear .
good this case is so thick and rubbery that you can drop it ( with an iphone ) on the floor and it will bounce .
when i would wear it while outside , noone complained about the noise or the wind which was unfortunately blowing like crazy at times .
then , it started freezing so badly that the only way to shut it off was to remove the battery .
the cherry on the cake is because it is longer than the factory original l received with the phone .
it would be great if the belt is expandable .
call quality is good and i can walk into the next room and still have no problems with the call .
i previously owned a zagg sparq , and i did not like that it did n 't hold a charge well , and the size .
the only reason these headphones did n 't get five stars is because of the relatively cheap build quality , this comes with the price point but does n 't interfere with the integrity of the product .
got this fit my wife 's car .
then i had my 100 pound son stand on it and then me at nearly 200 pounds and it did not crack .
i do not think the distance between the bluetooth device and speakers are as advertised as i did not really go far before it decided to die on me . overall , the pros of this is that it 's a light speaker and the sound is all right .
this fit and worked perfectly in my 8120 . would definitely recommend this if someone needed a replacement battery for their phone .
it has n 't broken off , but it just feels like it will and 2 ) i wish they made a smaller end to it , it 'll be great for surfing but for hand writing , i 'm not so sure .
at very good price , you ca n 't beat this ! !
she says it 's best thing i 've ever bought for her ( so she must like it ) . i also bought one for my daughter who says she loves it but would like to see a future model with and lcd or led readout of the number she 's calling or talking to .
so the company was nice and sent another .
this no is exactly what i was looking for this no is exactly what i was looking for
i constantly charge my phone , so any cable is going to get a lot of use as i plug unplug at least 5 times a day .
let me just say , i ca n 't believe the difference . after doing some research here and on plantronics' website , i pulled the trigger .
i have never had anyone even realize that i was using the earpiece during a conversation , or had trouble hearing or understander a caller under any conditions .
try to buy from oem planet if they got it in stock , they are the best in my opinion .
just peal of the shield and start over .
if you 're looking for a boost in 1 room , this is great .
it provides access to all the buttons , camera , charge slots , speakers and it makes it look not so obvious when it is closed .
it works great ; has good voice quality and is compact so she can easily hide it or put it in her purse for safekeeping .
i purchased it from eleven adar seller .
it works very good and ca n 't beat the price .
i 've purchased many ( many ) chargers over the years .
me and my friend both put then on a window to help with reception .
basically if it 's not in your back pocket , it 's going to cut out a lot if you move your head too much , etc .
if i turn it so that it is more vertical it moves the mic closer to the skin .
i bought this cable because it was very cheap and i was in need of a cable .
when you use the iphone , it lights up and you 'd be able to see the screen .
i got some bubbles , but it is pretty doable to put it without bubbles .
many people often mistake it for a journal , calendar , bible , etc .
we can no longer charge our iphones while watching videos from them .
all i care about , is that i can hear the sound from them , and that i do n 't lose sound in one ear , and that the volume carries well .
i can charge dual items at one time . this to me was a great purchase .
the sound is pretty good , though nothing to write home about .
the lack of a back light though , makes you need to use a flashlight when you use it in tight quarters or under desks .
after reading the reviews on this and the s10 i got the s9 and was not disappointed .
i connect my magellan 4700 gps to it while keeping my iphone ( original and ver 4 ) charged .
i have an ipud that needs a new led so i replaced it with these tools so i do n 't damage the case .
this phone came with the applications and details that would support the life of a professional businessman on the go .
i have found that i can easily get 3 4 full charges for my samsung galaxy nexus from this device before needing to recharge the imp52d .
the speaker volume is good with little or no static .
it is the only one i have that works currently .
my samsung captivate fits just fine , so i 'm happy with it . other reviwers said it works great , so i 'll just have to take their word for it .
only thing i do n 't like is the huge lighted logo , its just too big and too bright . .
this was a great hard case that protected my baby until its demise .
the other cell phone is a new sonyericsson and sometimes the phone will grab the call after the ge device does , which cause the house phone connected to the ge device to go dead .
the battery life is good too .
at best , it was keeping the phone at the same charge .
every time . sigh . update i 've been traveling in hong kong for the last week , using my iphone extensively for mapping , twitter , checking conference schedules , and so forth .
i have small ears and sometimes have to use this gadget for 8 hour conference calls .
also you can use this to debrand or add pics , music , or apps from your computer to phone . .
i must 've lucked out and gotten two of these ( a second one a few months after the first one was ordered ) that looked like the original picture ; tan on the inside and black leather on the outside .
the cord is wicked short , though , so do n 't expect this to go far from the plug .
however , the seller has been very responsive and has agreed to send a replacement .
the nice aesthetics provide for a terrific charging experience , this is why i give it the 5 stars it deserves !
not worth the money at all .
i thought it was twelve feet for how small it rolls up till i re read twenty five feet and i said wow .
i paid about $ 3 . 00 each for these ( and i bought 3 of them ) . they work perfectly .
product is just what it 's supposed to be .
i was hesitant about this one because i do n 't like anything in my ear ( vs .
also the touch screen is still just as responsive .
replaced my bad battery in my simon xt , this battery works fine and i have no issues with it .
do n 't try to save $ 3 $ 4 by buying a car charger that could fry your phone 's battery or even worse fry your whole phone .
they 're not easy to put into use without distorting the clasp a bit .
this is a very nice touch and one i came to appreciate very quickly .
and to top it off its global !
i went thru 3 car charges which they all either stopped working after a few uses or never worked to begin with . this car harder not only works it also charges my phone lightening fast ! ! ! love it , love it love it ! ! if u are debating u can rest assured this thing is awesome .
the rubber case is very protective ( dropped the phone on my concrete driveway once with no ill effects ) but for the work week replace it with a case logic good looking case . bottom line , if you 're an iphone freak who likes cool accessories , you may wish to consider this .
but the major problem i have over all other problems i listed is that , the replacement battery charges poorly to say the least .
my desk top computer and our coffee pot !
i got the same results with both the galaxy nexus and the nexus 7 . absolute junk , stay away .
also , if you look at the profiles of the positive reviewers , you will see that they have posted multiple positive reviews for powerbear products and many of the reviews are carbon copies of each other .
i contacted seller and they said , sorry you had a 30 day window to send back .
i always panicked trying to terminate the line ! the conversation is pretty descent with all windows closed and quiet within the cabin , and that 's the most important .
well , my wife and i often need to charge at the same time , and you can do this with the dual usb input functionality .
this is a great basic phone .
i know it 's not the cell service b c when i switch to the device directly listeners say ah , that 's much better now . * bulky it 's fairly big as a device around the ear , so wearing sunglasses and this device is n 't great . * annoying after fully charging overnight , the device will report battery medium after about an hour of use .
i know , it 's just a battery and it does its job .
i had a professional install it since i did n 't have the time myself to climb up the ladder , screw in the mount , staple down the cable , drill a hole , and mount a plate on the inside .
i think they are great because they can go in the glove compartment and come out not looking like a giant puzzle knot .
they are difficult to see and somewhat flimsy ? and , the first time that you think you have 'em aligned and push the two pieces together firmly , the unaligned tab will become slightly disfigured making it even more difficult to get right .
does n 't get warm charged two devices at the same time .
took almost 3 months to arrive . . .
the cable would only automatically retract 2 4 inches at any given length .
the battery lasts a long time .
i ca n 't tell any difference in the touch screen after putting it on . just make sure your dare is 100 clean and no lint is around ( i cleaned and applied it on the bathroom counter ) follow the instructions by peeling the backing half way off , and do n 't touch the sticky side with your hands ( hold by the edges ) . work the bubbles out with the cleaning cloth as you lay it down .
i expect it has lots of room for improvement , but being my first bluetooth ear piece , and from what i have read of other units , it is good .
nothing fancy just a charger that does what its ment to do .
some cameras come with them ( mostly fuji models ) . check to see if you have a 5v laying around the house that 's used for something else .
i also bought one for my husband but he said it was too big bulky to use for everyday use like in a pocket so u do n 't have to wear your ear bud around look like u are on star trek .
the grantwood case is more expensive but does not have any of these problems .
however , after 3 months of continuous use i noticed that when i placed a phone call when i took the iphone away from my ear to use the keypad , speaker , access an app , or end a phone call the screen would stay black and would n 't allow me to do anything .
much cheaper than the apple products .
why buy a cheap case for your $ 650 phone .
it 's probably near end of life and there are much better ( and faster ) alternatives coming ( see sprint 4g novatell ) . before you buy do a quick web search for issues around this model .
its a worst product i have ever seen by motorola .
oh well guess i have a life times supply .
now with the smaller version , i got myself to get version 2 and completely amazed .
i guess some people like the blue light but i really do n 't .
the light is not super bright at night either so it 's not blinding .
it works as expected and i 'm very pleased with the results .
we could not get land line phone service where we are without paying a lot of money so this was a great option .
beware of that also . if you are going to browse email , and yes phone using this device it is a good buy after all .
if you have never used one , charging pods are a great accessory .
now that i have this oem charger , i always have a charged battery ready to go without having to plug my phone into the wall for three hours .
now i can plug my phone , gps , and customers phones in and charge them using this .
only $ 5 you ca n 't go wrong .
this wire is very thin and feels cheap , i 't did n 't work for what i was trying to do but it was n 't the wires fault , i 'm trying to get rid of the feedback noise from my comp to my converter box to my tv , this worked the same if not a little worse than the one i already have built into my vga cable .
there are no bells and whistles .
the battery is lasting me about 5 7 days between charges .
the unit is light , inexpensive at 35 40 . 00 and has decent build quality .
after owning these for two weeks i can say that they work almost as described .
otherwise i sounded like i was talking from a tunnel .
the case is thin and light and comfortable to use .
love that you can use the same cable to charge my phone in the house as in the car !
i needed a cable to use in my car for a samsung galaxy s4 phone .
i 'm looking into an extended life battery . with that , unless your looking for this phone to either be an iphone or do cartwheels , i ca n 't see why anyone would n 't like this phone .
i returned the motorola and picked up the logitech instead and for 1 2 the cost , i was just as happy . it fits a little awkwardly on my ear , but so did the motorola , so i am thinking my ears are the problem .
definitely worth the two extra dollars !
my sleek and functional razr is the best phone that i have owned .
they are extremely lightweight and feel natural when worn .
then they supplied me with a special cable to make it work . there is no question which company i 'd look to if i want another device that new trent has in their product list . now the only complaint i have about this particular device is it turns itself off when the ipod touch is fully charged .
i think they wear out faster than the real apple cables , but at such a cheap price , you come out ahead e cycling a broken cheap cable and buying a new one .
the sound is a little tinny , but pretty clear .
it fits in several medium size purses and the weight is not noticeable .
no matter how carefully i used the button i ended up hitting the adjacent buttons too .
it 's worth not having a headset cord so that i can get up and do a few things in my cubicle or borrow something from a co worker .
my only cost is to ship back the broken one .
this is the best deal you could get for 5 bucks !
most people seem very quick to review this case , but one thing you always have to keep in mind with a leather case , is it takes about a week to stretch out .
the sound is good , volume is average .
this battery was bought to replace an old battery , yet performs only slightly better than the old one .
the display is impossible to see outside in bright light , i detest it that it has such a poor means of displaying missed calls , if the same caller has attempted to reach you multiple times , it displays the last call time only .
it works like it is supposed to , and it 's a nice option when traveling .
this one does n 't even fit into my ipod touch .
it does the job like the real expensive thing .
they did great in that area on this thing .
it 's like you are n 't even wearing it .
the sound quality is good but i expected them to last longer
but it was n 't . ( its mentioned in the advertisement as being part of the package .
i 've been through a bunch of cases for my 3gs , none of them totally wonderful , until i found this speck case .
on one hand , it could be a good device .
i am going to keep it just because it works so well , but it 's a serious bummer that this drawback keeps it from being my perfect headset .
this product is for sure large enough for just about any phone on the market , and its well made and protect .
i should have known better . update as expected , it broke under normal usage in less than 1 month .
i have a m520 phone and i listen to music all the time now .
the pry tool was way too flimsy for the job and i 'm not convinced that it would do the trick for any similar function . i 'd recommend this kit if you primarily purchased it for the torx drivers but not if you require the use of the pry tool as well .
i have to say i was very pleased with the product for about a few months . i should note , the product came in a very generic white cardboard box .
these styluses are cheap enough so worth a try i received 2 and one worked better than the other on my iphone 4 and ipad 2 though both look the same .
the accessory sockets fit good and snug , it almost feels like they lock into place .
the price point is ok but not special .
it takes only minutes to understand how to use it .
the material is thin but supportive .
the one in my car lasted two uses . . .
hope to keep others from repeating my mistake . also , the adaptor i got is white the pictures of it vary depending on how you search for it , and change from the item description to the picture in your shopping cart .
it covers up the volume buttons , although it does have little bumps where the volume buttons are but they are slippery .
it has static if i put the phone in my shirt pocket !
i bought this to replace the keypad on my blackberry bold 9000 . they worked perfectly and my phone was easily opened with the help of these tools .
overall it is a great asset to your home office .
in many things electronic , generic can be and often is , perfect in working great and costing considerable less .
this means you have a backup charge ready from the case if you need it .
the sound is perfect , no static or other interference .
i did n 't want to buy a semi permanent fixture to my phone to extend the battery life either .
the original wall charger i had was hit and miss pertaining to actually charging my razor phone .
the sound is loud and clear unless you drive with your windows down , and the ear gel can be adjusted to put the sound right where you want it .
and , the seller wants you to walk over crushed glass in barefeet in order to return an item that does not do what they said it would do .
i forgot to enter my new address into the order , so it got sent to the wrong address , but amazon promptly overnighted me a unit free of charge .
for christmas i received this portable battery and it has already saved me on numerous occasions .
my brand loyalty , which was high until now , is at low ebb .
it 's a bit of a thinner gauge compared to the original oem cable that came with my phone , but at the same time is much more flexible and pliable .
when i first got this headset , i originally rated it at 4 stars .
i am even using this headset with a motorola phone ( v505 ) and i can get about 20 feet away from it at best before the audio quality goes south .
when i finally got the product i originally ordered . . . they sent me a stylus that does work but it has a fat rubber tip .
it was a great buy , its have an excellent price , it works very good , it charges very faster .
i have gone through quite a few bluetooth headsets and none can compare to this one .
i did n 't want to run a wire with two dogs and three toddlers running around .
when looking at the various views , there are no less than 3 different items shown .
just enough to be set your teeth on edge annoying . maybe it 's just me .
unless you want to replace the orginal bubble free protector with your own , there is no need to buy this .
for the price it 's well worth it .
it took almost two weeks to receive item .
he actually ran over his phone last week ( in a work truck ) and there is just a tiny crack in the corner .
these drop right into my messenger bag and keep the buds from getting all tangled .
which makes my kids laugh b c i undo my belt when i walk in the house after work .
if you go to best buy be prepared to pay $ 10 25 for a pack of screens , that you must personally cut down to size ( they only sell screens for playstation 2 devices used by kids ) . these are way cheaper , even with shipping .
and i can never get all the bubbles out !
i would highly recommend this stylus , i hate to get finger prints on all over my screen . and this is perfect , and also surprisingly precise . i have galaxy tab 10 . 1 and sometimes touch screen is little tricky in web pages when you want to click a particular link . and this guy is very precise and worked very well for me .
now my phone wont turn on , it couldnt find memory card , it gets hot , it freezes all the time , when you reset it , you lose the main app ovi store now i have to send itback again .
these cables are what they say they are , compatible with iphone 3g and iphone 2g i have had no problems cheap , and great will buy more in the future
much better than the old batteries .
good company and staff took care of a problem in a quick manner and e mail me right away !
i bought them from hello direct for $ 5 . 50 .
however , it is just a fake .
this battery i had replaced for lg verizon , because they want change me $ 49 . 99 at verizon store and i said , that crazy .
the only two complaints i have with this item is the neck band is kinda tight in comparison to the tone .
if you want to just doodle then it 's great for that but i 'm a graphic designer and when i 'm brainstorming , i need a little more precision so i probably wo n 't use this stylus for anything graphics related .
i think this is for a different model but it works fine .
i had read all the bad reviews and decided to try it anyway with verizon you have 30 days to try it and return if you do n 't like .
makes charging easy . ( mostly . ) i use this to turn phone into a bedside clock and alarm . it needs the charger unit and cord , not always includedbut you should have one already .
i can fully recharge the ipad with this .
will spend the extra dough to get one directly from the t mobile retailer .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 cellphone , and was looking for something to keep my ear buds in that would keep them from tangling up in my purse .
without turning on a car or when we 're on a walk , i cannot use the phone .
by the way it fits great with that screen protector so i do n 't think anyone would have any problems with other screen protectors as this one is a little thick since it is glass .
the best way to put it is . . . love mine ! , the point being that it takes a while to get used to it , but once you do , you get the unbeatable blackberry email and almost everything else you get in the iphone . the screen resolution and brightness is totally hd ! i went for it over iphone as i needed the blackberry email , calendar features etc .
i am very pleased with the seller and the service i received .
sound quality is at least as good if not better than the speaker on my cell phone .
this one works perfect , i highly recommend it .
ended up just ordering another plantronics product , great company and this is the 1st time ive ever had an issue .
it does protect the screen and the price was reasonable .
this item can charge some phones but not other ones .
the spiral wound cord works well for the short distance in my car , but still is long enough for the chasm of my old ford truck as well .
you have to wiggle the cable out when it 's plugged in because it does n 't slide out as well as the apple cable .
it is a nice rubber case that fits snugly around my nexus . i like it and it will protect it from small drops and bumps .
no more removing and reinserting the charger into the bad usb port 20 times , struggling to get it to charge .
it feels quite old and very used .
considering the area the phone is in and it constantly searching for service , the 2 batterys we ordered last almost 2 days .
i do still highly recommend it for a home office , though .
the battery after fully charging listening to music on my asus transformer tablet for about 4 hrs .
the worked for 3 4 months in comparison to the originna batttery that lasted over the first year of purchase .
but other than that , great choice for any iphone 3 3gs user !
given the price and the size and weight , i still highly recommend this one !
i purchased this case as i knew i would be traveling with my neat scanner .
but if ya do have it in a otterbox .
if you buy this in the store it comes with short micro usb .
oh yeah , it got here lightning quick too .
came in a pack of five went through all of the them in 2 days .
it would disconnect from my phone on its own and then stopped connecting all together .
i bought this because i 'm always needing my cell phone for the gps while driving in the company car for work , and the charger is never where i need it .
i bought two of this for my gf and myself , it has high quality and easy to use .
obviously it is n 't reasonable to expect it to come with tips , since the company does n 't know which products you own .
decided to order to product , although some of the one star ratings made me a little anxious .
the charger came in original pack from motorola , the blue light is a plus . amazon as always did a great job , ( i ordered on friday , and put my hands on it on tuesday ) . the cord is a little bit short , but i use bluetooth , so no a big issue .
it is made out of aluminum so i know it will last a life time , it is also lite so you can take it with you anywhere .
as other reviewers said , the skin is pretty bland and ugly .
seems to be more than syurdy , and it 's actually a motorola , not some off brand generic .
the only improvement that i can think of is to put a battery meeter to let you know how much power is left instead of it just dying on you .
after reading the pdf on this page about how to spot a fake , i quickly learned the one i picked up on ebay was a fake . however , the headset has worked very well .
if i 'd bought this battery where i bought the cell phone , it would 've cost much , much more .
my husband , using belkin products , has found a way to get the internet working wirelessly around the house but for some reason , the basement is just off limits .
when you 're done charging , you simply put it away !
i would not recomend this vendor to anyone .
a must have accessory for the car .
it 's a great product for a decent price .
when i started using it , this cord appeared on my visual inspection to be well made , but i guess looks are deceiving .
this unit sports a micro usb connector this is what ended up breaking on mine they are very flimsey .
this simply was a waste of money .
i love bluetooth technology , after working in the tech industry for ten years anything that does n 't require wires brings a smile to my face . that said , these are fantastic headphones , i 've only used them on a call once , but the performance was equally superb .
you have to turn it off by holding the call button a full 3 seconds . 2 . bluetooth range is too long . ideally this device would only turn on when your in the car and turn off once you leave .
i think it looks really cool and much more expensive than what i paid for it .
the released button is on the back so you can simultaneously hold on to your phone and release it at the same time . . .
both accepted a full charge in pretty much the same fashion as the original battery and i can make it through about any day without having to find a power outlet .
i found that i was loosing my bluetooth to much .
on that topic , however , they could use improvement on interference and range , as you will notice gaps in playback if you stray too far away from your device ( a microwave * as expected * causes the signal to stop working entirely ) . the construction does feel a bit fragile , but if handled with the care a high tech pair of headphones deserves then you 'll be fine .
i would never trust them to hold the weight of my cell phone .
it attaches when i pull into the garage and seems to stay connected nearly anywhere i go in the house .
then found it the day this new replacement charger came in . . .
i have a dead spot when i drive to work , where i totally lose the signal .
i live in a home with a lot of brick .
my mp3 player broke and had no choice to try my bb mp3 . to my surprised i love love this headset and somehow lost it .
great product for the price you pay .
i am an owner of the itruck imp880 ( current updated version of this in the market is the igeek imp99d ) and i rave about it all the time because it has saved my life , power wise , countless of times .
it still gets 4 stars since it would still be a great buy even if you did n 't get the car charger adapter .
for the price you ca n 't beat it .
another factor is value , which to me is what you get for the price .
the battery on my iphone 3gs ( as i hold out for the iphone5 ) runs down within an hour if i use pandora , instagram and email .
two bars is okay but i was hoping for a lot more .
for the price , i am not happy .
great product at a great price
unless you have a really small head ( maybe the size of a softball ) , do n 't mind a cracked band or enjoy going through customer service , do n 't get it .
i have a personal cell phone and a blackberry and it connects to both .
i thought the video i recorded looked pretty hd before , but after plugging it into my hdtv with this cable amazing !
very happy with this headset thank you ! i do n 't have any problems or complaints .
amazing product for an amazing price !
does a really good job in protecting my phone and keeping it from being scratched .
it only took about 8 hours to bring it to a full charge before using .
it fits perfectly in the small spot , only thing i noticed it 's a little loose , not a completey tight fit .
finally on the 3rd to , ups loses them , sends me $ 100 so i buy the s9hd 's .
it looks okay , i suspect it would get scratched up pretty quickly .
i bought two , but they sent three ; took 4 weeks to get in mail , as they 'd warned when purchasing ; wrapped up to look like oem , but i 'm thinking it 's a fake ; people selling it certainly have n 't responded to my complaints ; works no longer than my 4 and 6 year old oem batteries scavenged from other folks dead moto v3 razrs .
best of all , it is so comfortable i forget i 'm wearing it !
i also bought at the same time 2 other cheaper charger cords thru amazon that work perfectly .
maybe i have a bad one ?
sometimes it is hit or miss and then sometimes a cord charges and then sometimes it acts up and refuses to charge .
not sure what they use for plastics on some of this stuff but its like a small child could easily crumble them to powder in their bare hands .
perhaps i just got a bad one , but this thing wo n 't consistently work 4 feet away from the phone , let alone the 30 they claim .
new trent offers great deals if you purchase more than one of their products on amazon .
this makes it convenient to tie the cord on and unravel it w o kinks and knots .
perfect for when we ride together
in truth , i am glad i bought this case in the event that i need to store or travel with my scanner .
the volume can easily adjusted to meet your preference . the battery life is unbelievably long .
why not give a case that accomodates it and its accessories ? update 4 30 08 after months of using this headset , i have to say i find it mildly annoying .
they left a lot of bubbles after applying .
my phone feels secure and does not flop about at all .
bought a pair of these cables and they took almost 3 weeks to arrive which was expected so issues there .
the sound is good even in noisy environments .
they were so cheap it was n 't worth driving to the post office and paying return postage to return them , so i just called it a loss .
it went on ok but had a bumpy feel that i did n 't like .
the person on the other end never complains .
highly recommended for the mobile worker .
for what i paid for my blackberry , i 'm not about to put a non bb piece of gear on it to charge it up .
so , if you have passengers , beware , this thing can become a slingshot !
make sure you purchase the device at a place that has a good return policy .
the body glove case i had before had to be removed and the phone had to be cleaned every time i took the phone with me to do horse stuff .
we have 6 different phones in our family that all use the micro chargers and this one is wonderful .
after using it for a couple of months , during which it performed almost flawlessly , and during which i kept getting compliments on how 'classy' , 'sleek' and 'impressive' it looked , i was convinced that it was the best bluetooth purchase i could have made . the audio performance is very good on both ends .
it 's universal and not tied to a specific brand or model . ( and unlikely to become obsolete when you buy something new . ) it 's very easy to stash and take with you .
if i bought from some other retailer , it has zero warranty !
it 's smooth and fits nicely with my g3 iphone and the case is sturdy and does n 't come off easily .
get theses if you just need basic headphones hands free and do n 't want to spend a fortune at the cellular store .
i wanted to be able to watch videos on my ipad and still answer my phone with these .
some people complain about no camera cover compared to older versions , but i 've found absolutely fine with the glass protection .
i just bought this phone after the keys kept sticking on my curve .
does not fit perfectly but this unit was a stop gap for me until i got the new sector elements case .
the cover is soft ( rubberized ) but durable .
just plug in a charger and set it on your desk or dresser .
if you need to fully charge your phone i would suggest a normal charger because these would take too many batteries for normal use . i love these chargers , and will always keep one in my car .
it is very durable , reliable and responsive .
yes , it is plastic , but it is n 't flimsy .
i use it primarily to listen to recorded books .
it works amazingly well and its tiny size and low price makes it even better !
i ordered this as a replacement for a lost charger for my iphone .
the sound quality is good enough for this purpose .
the headset will cut out during short pauses and makes you lose out on a few seconds of the story as it reconnects .
the sound quality in the pair that i received is really pretty poor .
it depends on how you handle them .
the connector is made only for a ericsson phone , which was not stated anywhere on the description .
i barely notice it 's there . the only thing that did n 't really work to expectation was the power led light .
i have to reposition my phone to get it to stay charging .
not so much that i have to stop charging but like when you are near power lines and the radio station is far away . so , no rf shielding . i gave it 4 stars because it works fine for me , but if you listen to the radio , you might consider it is more like 2 or 3 stars .
i was a little skeptical about this charger since it was so cheap .
i 'm still not a fan of bluetooth talking ( it 's just rude when you 're standing on line in the supermarket ) , but if you have to continually talk on the phone and you want it hands free , this is the headset you want .
i got this to charge my samsung galaxy s2 but it always came unplugged from the phone , whenever the phone would be moved it falls out and even just resting on a flat surface it would eventually find its way out of the phone .
cheap , but it was cheap ( not a bargain ) . as i 've previously stated , it works just charges very slowly .
i can still hear things going on outside of these headphones which i prefer .
the product in my book is suspect .
it never feels like its about to fall off my ear and it does n 't hurt to wear for several hours . the sound from and to it is very clear and no one on the other end has ever heard any echo or feed back .
it was just a little big on my phone , but i put a rubber band around it , maybe it 'll get smaller .
i have used this model before , and like many of you i went with it because of its name .
not long after receiving this product the holder broke , since its generic it was difficult to slip in my 3gs and eventually cause the clips to break
i bought this battery as a replacement for my daughter 's cell phone .
they are fairly lightweight , comfortable , and the sound is impressive for their cost .
to make sure , i tried several other chargers .
no problems and very good quality .
i now use the h730 motorola h730 ( bulk packaged ) even at its best , people could still tell that i was using a bluetooth when speaking with this device .
this works even when there are other functions on ( like the gps , wifi etc ) . do n 't waste your time or money on any other product that is a knock off .
not that the ear hook was all that great , the thing still fell off even when it had the ear hook .
these things may work decently , but the reason for using them is completely awful .
it was very light , comfortable , and adjustable .
even though we live within city limits , cell reception has always been spotty at best and non existent at worst .
this cable will not charge the battery ( even though it indicates it is ) , or even maintain it 's current charge , if you are using the tablet .
i like the kick stand to watch movies but that is it . . . . do not buy . . . . d
i currently use this for my whole house telephone system .
one star only and that 's generous !
i have a full beard , and i have never had any discomfort at all .
tats not fair . . 2 stars for the product and for the sellers , i can say buyers beware . .
it 's hard to rate the quality of something that does not exist . (
this is my fourth attempt at a screen protector for my iphone .
the construction was very well and felt of very high quality .
i bought this for my htc mytouch 4g and it works great !
it a decent product . after you put everything u want in it , it is hard to close .
the microphone is quite a bit longer than the other bluetooth headsets out there and it actually looks like a microphone some people may think this is a bit old fashioned but i love it it brings the mic closer to my mouth so when i speak , i sound much better this one is a keeper .
not as good as the more cumbersome cases , but i like it because it does n 't make the phone much larger in size .
i almost deserted them to get the phone , but in mid june , i finally got my verizon branded treo 650 . it has not been a great experience . first the positives .
i only bought 1 . it did n 't work .
this is very cool and easy way to charge your bold .
its so weak , it do n 't charger faster , sometimes do n 't detec the phone , its cheap but have a lot of inconvenients
i really do n 't have a clue how they can say this comes with three different sized ear buds .
this has been my longest lasting holster for a blackberry , so far .
bought this for my 9650 . works great , and a great price .
no , not my mistake checked this several times , and then spoke to a sales rep who said that this does indeed occur with this phone . 4 ) poor reception the said samsung had a much better reception in buildings .
i have been using this battery pack for a few weeks now and the device does not seem to lose power when idle .
the case is very good and labeled very clearly .
battery would n 't hold a charge and was faulty from the beginning .
thus , 1 star the product described is not the product you get . jerry
a lot of case will make the phone bigger than what it is .
keep in mind like any usb plug it only fits in one way so if you need a right angle in a particular direction this may not work !
i ai n 't no holler back girl .
i think it looks cooler than those other ones that look humongous in your ear .
i opened sketchbook , but nothing happened .
i use it every time i 'm driving a car that does n 't have bluetooth built in .
needless to say it looked really bad .
i 've got a desktop pc on the floor and the cable is only about 18 24 long .
i like this product a lot i wish it came in green or just other colors in general very satisfied
i noticed the cheap price on this and thought i 'd try it for my iphone 5 since there are n 't any battery cases available yet .
i ordered 2 of these chargers , 1 for my car another for work .
this is an amazing product , it works excelent , because its small , battery live its amazing , it charges fast , and its easy to use
i was able to control my itunes on my iphone 4 . unfortunately they stopped working for me .
if you 're so ham fisted that you ca n 't keep a grip on your phone , then maybe you should n 't have a phone in the first place . it 's a perfect fit , it adds little bulk , it 's nicely made , and it protects the most important part of the phone .
i bought this for a cruise to protect my phone , cash and other delicate items during a cruise . 5 minutes after being in the water i noticed it was about 1 4 full of water .
i did n 't like that i could not dock it with the case on but that is just nit picky . one day i was sitting on a curb waiting for a taxi to take me to the football game when my phone slid off my lap .
they told me they will replace the blue tooth .
i totally recommend this screen protector , not only because is cheap but it has a great quality !
when at the airport and all the outlets were taken . . . i still was able to charge my devices !
the unit is very nice looking out of the box , but the case seems to get scuffed scratched very easily after some time in my backpack .
i 'd give it 5 stars if it had a dual end i guess i 'm going to find some adapters and zip tie them to the cable so they do n 't get lost under the seat carrying around all that unwieldy cable in the car gets to be a pain .
i was only interested in the wap settings to surf the internet and se sent that to my phone via sms in a few seconds . if you want a reliable phone for data and voice , you should consider this phone .
but now , after about 6 months , i find that it has stopped working , after periodic use and careful handling .
i find it easier to use the folding boom to turn it on off when dropping it in a pocket rather than using a button like on most other models .
i know having the sides exposed doesnt protect it much anyways but i did n 't expect it to fall out of its case so easily .
this is my 3rd battery on the phone since i bought it many years ago . ( wow the phone is still working ) anyway , it gave 6 7 days of stand by time .
ipad , iphone ) . the only thing that i was not particularly fond of is the time it takes to recharge the battery itself ; 8 hours seemed a tad long .
i now use an otterbox case and there is no way it will work with this mount , and to be fair it does n 't say that it will . this mount is a great mount only if you have an iphone 3g or ipod touch and do n 't have any type of protection on it .
after that , i tried the ones from the mall and mail order cheapies from china , but all of them fell off within 2 weeks . the phonedevil was middle of the road .
it 's simple , elegant and works like a charm with our ( wife and my ) blackberry 8900 . slip the pda in during lunch , breakfast , or overnight sleep . . .
very nice for a very low price .
cheap , and works well for a few months , but stops working or starts getting a loose connection after only 5 6 months .
using this headset while lying down is hard to do ; the device does n 't seem to want to stay put . * drops the bluetooth connection every now and again , even when i am at close range . the good * looks cool ! ; ) * battery life seems to be pretty good . * small , lightweighti am going to look into some other options .
no need for individual charger for each and every item let alone each new model of phone or gizmo .
but after keeping the screen off and only turning it on to switch the song it really helped .
leaving a message on someone 's voicemail means putting my hand in front of my face to make sure the sound is directed to the microphone . infinitely better than the jabra bt8010 which was a complete waste of money . bottom line keep looking !
i know its an older product , but it works extremely well .
annoying to say the least and thank you amazon for being so amazing and taking both headsets back !
i only mention this as he goes through bluetooth ear pieces quite frequently from daily use , to breaking them to simply losing them . we gave him a really good stereo set that he uses at home and to listen books and music but he uses the lower priced ones while he is on the road .
or its a very well done knockoff .
i have not dropped mine but i would think that as well as it is constructed it will protect the phone if that ever happens .
i loved the case when i first received it but shortly after , the case started to peel off at first i did not know what it was until i looked on the back of the case and it was missing spots .
two weeks later , i received a used one back , not the one i sent in , packaged in an oem box .
the only thing you should know is that you ca n 't use a case when charging in this docking station .
i returned the first one i bought after the bottom half kept on slipping off .
they take about a minute to register with the computer that the phone is plugged in ( upwards of 2 minutes ) , and when connected , they do n 't allow sync to occur . when used as chargers ( plugged in to usb outlet adapters ) , they take over 10 hours to get a dead battery to 80 ! i though it could be the charger , so tried different ones .
it is clear and very comfortable .
they both work very well on my ipad , ipod classic , and ipod touch .
my only beef is that the headphones do n 't go loud enough .
i refused to pay the rip off prices at my local cellphone shop , and the pices at walmart and target were n 't much better . for less than $ 5 i got a well made item that works very well .
their products are excellent quality and at a great price .
the stock cable that i received with my phone is able to charge while i 'm using the phone .
i use these on my iphone 3g and they work great .
this cable is ultra thin and must not be shielded well .
the plug is far too small to fit my phone , despite the description that this will fit lg phones . i own the dare and this does n 't fit .
they arrived on time , but i was very hesitant to use them due to some of the scary reviews on the adapter ( fires , iphones breaking , etc . ) fortunately , both worked perfectly with my iphone 3gs .
i am looking forward to upgrade to icruiser imp1000 as another early christmas gift to myself .
that 's all i wanted it for .
i spend alot of time outdoors , with the itorch i no longer worry about having my gps on and running my battery dead .
price was great ( cheaper than the shipping ) . what else can i say ?
it does not flop around much under normal circumstances .
i 'm charging the battery now so i 'll test it again in a few hours . ( disclosure i received a review sample from the maker . )
sometimes i am using the phone and just one twist or tug of the line and the cable will disconnect from the dc power supply , which i imagine will cause the data cable to short out over time and also may ruin the battery .
the connection was not good either .
i usually charge the portable charger over night so i do n 't have to worry about it during the day .
but darn it , i 'm charing my very expensive nokia phone with it ( n95 ) . nokia n95 3 silver bronze phone ( unlocked ) north american versionhappy i bought this .
but since this case fits more snug to the battery likr it is supposed to it uses the strength of the battery to not break .
i would definitely pay extra for a tough model that is water and damage resistant .
i like these , thry work well for what i needed .
i just ca n 't use it sometimes when i 'm charging it because i 'd have to hunch over . it charges my htc inspire 4g very well and connecting to the computer is not an issue . i actually bought these as a replacement to some other sub par cables i had purchased on amazon .
and the way its designed is just cute .
love this product , made my bluetooth that much better !
i can hear the people i am speaking with and they can hear me . the only reason i did not give it the 5th star is that it is touchy when trying to voice dial .
i would not recommend it for use as it does n 't 'grip' the item you set on it .
you can forget getting that anywhere retail .
the problem is that if you do n 't use it for a while , you have to take it off , or the narrow collar will squeeze the neck very uncomfortably . recommended for ease of use , sound quality .
on windy construction site you can hear and be heard .
i am not all that impressed for the price of it . cons i do n 't care of the ear piece shoved into my ear .
i have purchased this item in the past , was so pleased with the quickness this device charged both my phone and bluetooth , i am ordering several more for back up .
it will vary by individual but it did n 't fit my ear .
i ordered it for my wife 's evo 3d .
but people still had a hard time hearing me .
you have to get a very very thin case for it to work on this case .
i walked him through the install over the phone and he cold not get it working .
it 's easy , affordable ( especially if bought elsewhere ) , and works great .
the bendable arm is good , it allows me to put the phone in just the right spot and is fairly strong ( i have the arm pretty compressed , it 's not stretched out ) . as others mention , the surfaces have to be clean .
these are n 't samsung and seem bigger than the samsung version have to be careful they will rip your charging port out . .
my only gripe is an aesthetic one but that 's very subjective . . .
to remove them , you 're supposed to twist them a little .
the case came a few days earlier than the listed anticipated arrival date and i could n 't be happier .
it 's under $ 5 with free shipping so i have literally 10 of these for my vehicles .
very highly recommended ! update 7 1 2011 read read readthis is an update to the above review .
i fix iphones very often and when the 3g and 3gs were still in this is the screen replacement i would use .
attempts to adjust the volume cancelled my calls . not recomended .
charging time was fairly quick as it took about 2 hours for theinitial charge .
i read in a lower review that it did n 't fit right .
it was the perfect size for my daughter 's samsung phone .
it works very well and has easy setup and controls .
whilstcharging , the unit becomes slightly lukewarm ; not alarmingly hot like somedevices .
it does n 't always give you a boost , it seems to depend on what towers its finding , sometimes nothing , but most the time you get a huge boost off this .
and its a really good pc , brand new , no problems with usb 2 or usb 3 except where this hub is concerned .
but did the wilson boost the signal or were we just having a good day ?
i wanted this to be able to transfer data from my phone to pc without messing around disconnecting the cable from the charger and then having to put it back .
they are light , small and deliver decent sound and it 's great with the cell phone .
i like to keep my reviews short and simple .
my wife ordered me this charger the same day it fits both the phone and my car .
there is no way to use anything more than a screen protector with this case as it does n 't allow for more thickness .
i like having convenience of a charger upstairs , downstairs , at work and in the car .
buy yourself a quality product instead .
that 's all i have to say .
works perfectly fine and you ca n 't beat the price .
even with the extra thickness almost dould original size of the phone the battery really works after a week of normal use .
i have tiny wrists , and hate wearing stuff on my wrists anyway .
i was looking for a car charger that was n 't cheap , but did n 't break the bank either .
i purchased a few of these usb charging cables after looking a set for my samsung focus cell phone .
maybe i just got a bad pair ?
unlike other screen protectors that i have purchased in the past , these are very good ones , and inexpensive .
i bought this for use with my ipod touch 4g and it works perfectly .
antenna is excellent , but not perfect .
the only downside is the blue led is kind of bright .
if you need bluetooth , stay away .
i have to get up on the roof again and turn the booster in another direction and maybe it will work .
i have n 't tried it yet to test it , but when i do , i 'll let you guys know what 's up with it . . 5 from me ; ) ps check out the costumer pictures sector , to see what you 'll get .
when im not using my headphones they are thrown into a bag with a tablet and a laptop on my bike , and they bounce around in that bag a lot . .
two things i really like . . . i can flip it around and snap the latch back to keep it open , and it is very well made for the price .
without a hub , i would n 't have enough usb ports to plug everything in ! over the past several years , i 've gotten a number of usb hubs to handle the problem .
absolutely no complaints , it does it 's job .
the reviews indicated that this one would give me good sound quality and noise reduction and that 's all i really wanted .
next time i visited i spent 4 hours trying to get this to work .
however , they all seem to work , so no problem there . if you can stand the wait , sure , order these .
for the price , you ca n 't beat that .
the other one stopped working after a few years of being in the car .
this extra outlet for ur car to charge extra cellphones , , and the great part it has a usb charger ! ! works great ! ! glad i bought 2 tkns
i wanted too hook up my very nice headphones to the tv so i do n 't disturb the baby or the wife and have enought wire to ready the couch or comfy chairs an this works great
thanks for a great case and superb clip .
out of the many iphone cases i 've owned , this one is the best .
all have worked great and so very much cheaper than purchasing from local stores .
we bought this for highway trips after we discovered that in some areas we had no cell service , even 911 ! it wo n 't give you 5 bars in a weak area , but it did add 1 3 bars in most places .
it is thin not bulky and the dimensions are precise .
if your in a room without windows , you can travel pretty far from your device that is transmitting the music , but add in more windows , and that distance shortens dramatically .
the headset seems well balanced and never seems like it is going to fall off regardless of what i am doing .
i love it i love it i love it i love it i love it that 's all i can say
this is an interesting product but it 's utility is outweighed by the fact that its case increases the size of your iphone by so much .
this is a good case for a man that fumbles for his phone and drops it once in a while .
this thing is the best protection you can get at a good price . cons ?
i fully charged the itorch about three weeks ago , so i was n 't sure if it was going to work .
the thing i like least is that it is hard to put on .
battery lasts entire work day and then some !
this is the same charger that came with the razr v3 phone .
doing so will likely burst your bubble ( no pun intended ) and or wear away the tip .
i 've used it while working in my yard , driving , shopping , and walking and nobody has complained about the voice quality .
but does n 't work if you try to root your phone , or do a manufacturer update . the tips are n 't slim looking like the genuine ones you get with your samsung phone , they 're bulkier and similar to the ones you get with an lg phone . again , it wo n 't work if you try to use it to update root your phones . . .
i started to look for non contract phones and saw this one listed .
i hang it towards the front and clip it on my belt pant loop and its always in a good spot , i do n 't like to hang it from the side because i just think it would be more exposed to hitting something but the length is perfect .
it saved my phone when it was knocked in the bath by my 6 yo son .
i ordered this product to replace a post that had broken on the back of my phone case . what arrived was not what was pictured here .
seriously , who do you know do not put protective cover on their iphone .
thoroughly dried it out and turned it on .
you ca n 't beat the quality or the price .
he says they are comfortable and hold a charge .
i purchased this item sold directly from amazon . . . it is as genuine motorola as it gets . . . it works perfectly . . . at t ; wanted $ 29 . 00 . . amazon wanted $ 8 . 38 . . . beware of some other sellers ! ! as their items are not genuine and ruin your battery if they even work at all ! !
the walk from my office to the open air lot gets quite windy and he can never hear me then . the pro seems to be quite an improvement over that . but i do have the following problems with it 1 . it constantly falls off my ear .
i ca n 't give it 5 stars simply because it not very comfortable to wear for long calls .
i can hear the caller very clearly .
this case could have been engendered to last the life of the phone .
i will update review if i notice anything different with extended use .
i 'm still giving it 3 stars because maybe it was just an odd event and from a usability standpoint i really liked it .
for now on i will only order these as my choice for a headset for all my phones devices .
just remember to charge it every two or three months .
the fact you can use the usb cable provided with the devices you want to charge is also a good feature , again compared to other brands .
i would consider this the best bluetooth available at this time .
do n 't blame the car if you buy the wrong seat covers .
works fine for both iphone 's at the same time no problems .
all of the colors are very nice and come across very classy . my problem with the iphone has been that while it needs protecting , i hate the usual cases as they either add too much bulk , or they do n 't slide in and out of a pocket easily . i think these offer a middle of the road solution to both .
i also need the short usb lighting cable but it is no problem .
im a blue tooth junkie and buy one every few months .
i got this and found it to fit me like a brick in the ear , then changed phones and it would not sync with new phone .
if you have never used one , a charging pod is a great accessory .
i changed phones and service because my old phone could not get reception inside of buildings .
when i am doing anything very active , i use the belt loops and the clip .
i still use the cable to play my photos on the tv .
i bought a couple of cheaper ones that were poor quality , brittle plastic .
i gave 4 stars in stead of 5 because it is slightly overpriced .
now strap this around your ears with the weight of both sides ( granted they are pretty lightweight ) supported solely by the tops of your ears .
good battery life . the cons i only wish it had a better earpiece . . .
it 's the best solution for a clear conversation in noisy situations on both ends of the line !
i have put many devices on the magnet and they all stay strong .
cons it comes with 2 charger tips , which are about 1 x and can easily be lost .
i thought when it said faceplate that it also came with a back , but that 's all it was a back plate it just fits on the back , the moral of the story always read everything and look at all pictures and reviews .
even after following the directions step by step .
they are decent quality considering the price and really help keep things tidy .
compared to the new ones out , this is bulky and sound quality is n 't as good .
keeps all of my cords under control in the car .
when i sold my 3gs to pay for my iphone 4 upgrade , it was practically flawless thanks to this case .
i had these headphones since november 2012 , and over the time it has proven to be cheaply made , bends out of shape easily .
i was getting 10 to 12 hours out of it , with moderate use ( texting and emails ) . it does make the phone slightly bigger , but overall , it was worth the extra battery life . * * * edit * * * 09 09 2011as of this week the battery stopped holding a charge .
this dash mount met all my needs .
i can get two days out of it with light use . . . and about a day and a half with normal use and about a full day with heavy use .
consider its high price , i do not recommend this unit .
but it work for what it is .
i truly love this screen protector !
the quality and comfort are just fine without it extended .
i purchased the motorola s305 mainly for my ipod touch .
i was super excited to recieve this case but was disappointed when it arrived .
the fit was just too annoying .
she said it seemed to work about the same or a little better than the old battery .
however , the drawback with the phone .
i am hoping that we truly received a dud and that it is n 't a phone compatibility issue or sweat for that matter .
i would recommend the product and the vendor to anyone .
the second reason was that some electronics can be a bit temperamental when charging them in other countries and can be easily fried damaged .
the weight and size added to your iphone is minimal . overall , this is a good value in the dozens of choices that iphone users have to choose from . update 8 24 2009i have bumped my phone too many times to count and the phone has dropped from a table top , 6 or so times ( on the flat surface of the case ) . the case is durable and has protected my phone .
with this case or its sibling you get something to protect your expensive note 2 at a very low price .
also , you can tell it 's built cheaper than the oem cord i expect it will short out , probably wo n 't last 6 months . but hey , for the price i ca n 't complain too much .
you need to be careful because if you are on grass , snow or in a loud area you will not hear the phone fall .
the reason i say that is because my regular cordless phones have had a headset jack on them for years . anyway , i picked up this phone mostly for meetings since i work from home and it has been a lot nicer than i expected .
they are hard to put in and take out and have to be forced .
the battery life is very good .
overall , i like it better than a much more expensive model that i have that fits in my ear without a plastic thing that goes around the back of my ear like this one .
this keyboard communicates via bluetooth and does a great job at turning your small device into a productive tool you wo n 't want to be without .
lastly you ca n 't use this cradle with a case .
it 's about enough to plug in and put whatever you 're charging in a cup holder .
this reminded me of the type of packaging that i receive when ordering many types of oem computer replacement parts ; they 'd come in a brown box or a static bag .
contactd by phone and w in the first 2 min of the convo the f bomb was dropped twice .
the only reason why i gave it four stars instead of five is because i think that motorola needs to darken the text on the buttons for those users who like to text message or who have vision problems .
in the end , it ended up getting washed in a pair of my pants and did n 't work any more .
who knew ? apart from that , it 's a very nice mount for my 1st generation ipod touch .
opens easily and usually can do it one handed with no issues . highly recommend for people with no ability to mount directly on dash and have to use windshield .
being a police officer for 25 years i have noticed an increase in traffic crashes due to distractions within the at fault vehicle .
i ordered mine from amazon llc .
did not get so smudged in my eyes .
missing one star because of the needed additions .
this is probably my favorite of all of them . what i like it looks good .
it disturbed my passengers too . 4 ) wind tolerance it 's better than my h700 , but its still too noisy to hold a conversation in any level of wind . i 'm sending mine back and getting another h700 .
the feel is very nice and minimal size .
my actually apple charger has basically kicked the bucket and in desperation i plugged in this charger to see what it can do and if maybe cutting my phone off was a short habit .
i have already gotten a couple phones repaired with this kit with no loss anywhere in the kit .
i have some issues with clarity in a few spots , but if i hold my phone closer to the headset in the fuzzy spots , it 's okay . . .
sound a quality is as good if not better than the h500 and the h700 has some better features than the h500 now if it would only i can listen to my mp3 sounds from it with my razor it would be that much better
horrible quality , get what you pay for .
i have dropped the phone twice and not a scratch on it and no problems with the phone .
i 've used this charger with multiple phones that have the same connector with no issues .
i wanted something small , sleek , and affordable .
i installed it in a hertz rental , a mazda 3 series i think , and it was nearly impossible to get out .
the cover sags a bit after sometime and it does not fit perfectly anyways .
it fits in a different way from your traditional ear plug device but in many ways it 's more comfortable because it 's not sitting in your outer ear canal but slightly further outside . so if you 're thinking about ordering this device , i 'd recommend buying it .
i understand that these cords are provided by different companies , and some may be better than others .
it seems an extra step and the opposite of simplification but it charged fast .
watch out , all these positive reviews are fake .
the mic housing is a bit heavier than i would like and i do n 't like how the right cable is made to go behind your neck .
i may keep this for now just for the case , but will have to keep looking for a viable case clip solution .
i tried 7 different bluetooth headsets in the past but had to discontinue each due to callers complaining they could n 't hear me well .
it actually protected the screen and made the small amount of $ definitely worth it .
i decided to swap out my old phone for my wifes dare , which had been sitting in the drawer for 6 months after she upgraded , . i loved it , but the battery was toast after about 4 hours . i found this original lg battery on line and could n 't believe the price , especially for a factory oem part .
if it extended just a tiny bit above the surface , it would protect the screen .
the booster gets so flipping hot when i am using it that it actually burns my fingers .
if i ca n 't find the perfect spot to put my ipod within the 2 foot circumference of the cable then i get a ton of interference .
so , if you are looking for a snug fit , this one is not it . . . maybe if you had a bigger case around your phone .
this case provide the maximum protection to your iphone , not defect found using it in one month , also as i work in outdoor environment , it is perfect to me .
also , people tell me my voice sounds remote like i am in a room . this is not acceptable .
the retractable part works but i think it could be a lil better , but you ca n 't complain for the price you paid .
then when you pair it the iphone will ask you to enter a 4 digit code and press enter on the keyboard .
snapped off pretty easily soon after i bought it , so i had to tape the flimsy plastic earpiece together so i could get some use out of it , but it looks silly . if you have another $ 20 to spend , maybe even just another $ 10 , you could get same quality but better earpiece , even better looking .
i find the mirror finish stylish and useful ; i can even check my lipstick . . . ha ha !
i get a lot of compliments on the case , and it was easy to put on .
not worth it all the way around .
convenient to store bluetooth so it wo n 't get lost or damaged . bought it for my husband , he loves it .
overall , i am very happy with the power and features of the nt70t and will continue to use it as my primary battery back up .
ya what i like about this pen is that it is smooth and only works for iphone .
the extra bonus was it would n 't pair with my father in law 's iphone .
having the coiled wire is also nice keeping it from getting tangled .
i had to replace my other case due to my dog chewing it up .
we put this on our window to improve reception in our apartment , it helped slightly but not that much .
but overall , a recommendation to anyone who wants a nice rubber cover .
it did , but returned instantly when i put the case back on .
which is great when i need to charge on the go .
also love that it is original material it works like that too giving a quick charge when i need it .
this cord offers a convenient way to charge both as we are not in the car for long enough periods for the device to charge completely while travelling .
i can slip a couple of cards and bills between the phone and the case if need be .
the jury is still out on this .
my phone is a treo 700w . on with the review . . . . pros * pairing it took only seconds , very easy process . * it work better than , with my phone , the other 5 headsets .
will defenetly buy more when i need them wont be using another protector but boxwave . .
i breathed a sigh of relief .
amazon 's price could n 't be beat so i went for it .
my initial opinion is that the sony drbt50 is on par with these as far as sound is concerned .
well , i went ahead and bought this at the reduced price .
im not sure if the pair which i received became warped or if that is how they were intended to be designed , but they do not fit well at all .
other may have a great experience with this earpiece .
but looks a bit cheap compared to this amazing s4 slick phone .
i liked this case a lot until the plastic shell started cracking after owning it for one month .
the noise cancellation is not very good on the out bound portion of phone calls , but i do n 't use the phone that much while working out . ( no one wants to hear that much heavy breathing . ) for the price it is a great buy .
i tried them out and , while they were comfortable , they sounded gawd awful .
the suction cup is very strong , and if you want a short mount , this is it .
that makes it a bit inconvenient . but all in all this is a wonderful and quick way to get that iphone 3 charged .
only complaint i have is it 's bit too large .
mine looks different that the one pictured but i do n 't care because it works flawlessly !
also , it arrived a day after the estimated delivery date yet only came from wisconsin ( i live in illinois ) . i would not purchase this again due to so many alternative options out there .
to replace them is expensive ; you could fashion your own out of some rubber coated copper wiring ( ghetto , i know , but it works ! ) it 's also rather small , a good thing do n 't get me wrong , but you will lose it unless you get some kind of a case .
this is a nice looking motorola product at a really good price under $ 6 . 00 . try getting it in a store for that price .
besides , a coworker or friend will be whining one day about how their car charger died on them .
i use it for my cellphone and gps .
they really supply a nice protection .
it 's an extremely annoying distraction that you do n 't want to have while driving . on the good side , i do n 't have any problems hearing and the volume controls are very convenient to use .
bt link only a very short distance like 2 ft ( not sure if this is the norm ) , but was hoping to be able to move speaker from room to room while the iphone stays in one place . please , do not expect the sound quality to be like your $ 5000 stereo system , you will be very disappointed .
all i 've done is to very easily delete multiple texts , call logs and move my photos to the computer .
at this price , i bought 4 more so i do n 't have to remember my cable when changing location ( car , room , computer , etc )
it 's thin , it 's light , it does n 't get in the way .
up to this point in time , i have been unable to match their keyboard speed or even come close until i discovered the sketch by pogo .
i 'm always having to plug in my iphone or my gf 's and with only one lighter outlet this little number is just what the doctor ordered .
again , for the price you pay , i was n 't expecting much .
i am mentioning the itouch here since i guess that is what the iphone must be like as well . the problem here is the windows mobile os which has a terrible touch screen interface .
like most people i have purchased multiple bluetooth headsets and struggled with poor reception , i ca n 't hear the caller or they ca n 't hear me .
i would n 't say that either of those conditions are met by this headset . overall , if i were to place a value on this headset for the quality that they appear to be , i would n 't price them any higher than a ten note .
who knows how long this one will last !
first of all , the shipping took so long , i forgot i ordered them .
that averages out to the 3 star rating i 've given above .
i can count the number of cable jams when retracting on one finger ( 1 ) , but that could just be because i 'm usually careful to slowly wind it up instead of letting go of the ends .
it took me just a little time to get used to this headset but i do love it .
the only complaint i have is that it ships from another country and it takes a long time to receive , approximately a month .
the price is way out of range .
i had a very good experience with this cable .
well , gambling four bucks was no problem , and it paid off .
i am shocked and dissappointed in the sound quality from these headphones !
these are by far my favorite wireless headphones , i take these everywhere , almost everyday .
well built and the original one is still kicking after 3 4 years .
highly recommend it ! why pay $ 30 at verizon when you can pay under $ 3 . 00 and get a better quality product .
it has a good range and those that i 've spoken with have said that it sounds very clear .
granted all i want it to do is charge , sync , and retract . . . so i 'm happy with it because it does all three .
it takes bare minimum 2 hours ( uninterrupted ) charging time to get a full charge with this cable and even then the batter dies quicker than usual .
you need to insert remove the plug several times before the unit will start charging . also , it would seem that if you leave the batteries in the unit while not charging they get drained over time . all in all a good idea that was not executed correctly .
in real life it is darker .
disclaimer i am reviewing a unit that i received for free from the vine program . it seems to be working well , in the short time that i 've had it . i already have another identical copy of the headset itself , with cord and standard jack , that i already use on a phone in my office .
i go to disneyland and use several apps and find that i 'm out of charge by 3pm .
can pack in brief case or backpack when travel , without worry about cord hanging or wrapping .
i tried switching audio to my phone and that did not work either .
because this phone is so large i need a belt clip .
i do like the design of it and the fact that you get to choose how you place it in your ear .
so you ca n 't charge 2 iphones at full speed . 2 . when your product requires your customer to use a special case . . .
it may work , though ca n 't say for sure .
the manual is plain stupid , it looks like they were half way through putting it together when they released it , but on the mac the manual was of course not needed , just plug it in and it worked without any of the driver install nonsense windows requires .
love the light , that really helps at night when coming home late .
this a big problem for people who keep their phone in pocket ( like me ) ended up ordering the otterbox commuter case for $ 30 . my suggestion , do not waste your three dollars on this case .
what i really like about scosche 's cables is that they 're much heavier and thus sturdier than the apple ones . quality wise , i think there is a difference in that these are slightly better , but , honestly , i ca n 't say for sure .
what can i say but it 's a battery that came fully charged and worked as it should .
overall , this is a great product .
it is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear .
people i talk to on the phone constantly complain about my voice dropping out .
other than that , i love it !
not having to search for an outletor lug around my travel connectors is great . i really could 've used this during my overseas travel last month .
pretty much guaranteed to be a worse distraction while driving than picking up the phone itself distractingly nonfunctional and some engineer 's idea of punking everybody who buys it . this was a replacement for my lost samsung headset that was a much better product , but gone , darn it .
to be perfectly honest i was a bit skeptical this would fit my nexus 5 even after looking through the product description and the images .
i no longer have the phone but the case was well made and served its purpose , i would recommend to a friend this is a good quality case for a great price , that is amazon , great quality at great prices , always .
loved the idea of moving back to a palm device after my sony p900 died .
i was real hesitant to buy this battery .
and all that just so you can place the device on the matt instead of plugging it in .
if it gets bumped the slightest bit , it stops charging .
and you can not track your items with this company .
just be careful when rewinding so the cord does n 't get crimped and breaks the very tiny wires inside .
i have one quick recomondentation though for anyone having a problem with it being to grabby and hard to pull out of pockets .
i bought this product to tether my lifeproof to me in the wave pool .
i would recommend this vendor to anyone .
i used one to power my sandisk sansa e280 . it failed within two days less than two hours of use .
make sure said case is not a ill fitting and unattractive . 3 . the case must be removed to sync , or charge off a normal charger . if you are willing to accept these limitations , all you win is the ease of not plugging in your iphone when you get home . . .
i bought two of these cables for use in the car so my wife and i can charge both our phones at the same time .
still , having learned my lesson i set the screw in with superglue just to make sure it never unscrews again , and the belt clip attachment is rock solid now .
goes on nicely without any problems .
this is the second boxwave product i 've purchased and there quality is very good .
this battery was not the same as the original equipment ; it did work with the phone which was a great choice for my mother .
i had this charger for over a year and it just crapped out after heavy use .
this worked fine with my ps3 . which is the reason i bought it .
bought this film from the apple store based on the reviews from amazon .
it does n 't cost that much so thats a pro .
another thing worth mentioning is that duracell mygrid only supports certain phones so if you have another type , you 're out of luck . for me this device is an improvement over my old way of charging my phone and i really like it but it is definitely not for everyone .
this model uses the best of both worlds in its design .
it looks great , feels great , with great function and fit , but if they ca n 't understand what i 'm saying then there 's no point .
alternatively , i should n 't have to look at every picture when the primary picture is a complete false advertisement of what it looks like . the cord also falls out of my phone very easily .
the product arrived within 3 days and in good order .
i kept the itorch in my pocket and hooked up my phone anytime the battery level dropped below 20 and disconnected the phone when the batter was over 90 . i fully re charged my battery at least 3 times each day . over the week the itorch did not let me down .
they do n 't scratch easily and install rather quickly , once you 've gotten used to applying them .
it ships from ca and i ordered it on sunday and got it on friday .
this case is great in that it is strong and durable but also feels fairly soft to the touch .
overall , this is a nice product .
just one small problem the plug was just a fraction too wide to fit into my 32gb 3gs .
gave this 4 of 5 stars because the cord is waaaaaaay too short .
had all the marking of a legit samsung product but the cord stop working after 3 days .
i was worried about the touchscreen and did n 't want a touchscreen only phone because of the stories i had heard .
it did n 't even completely submerge the case .
i also would get caught in the cord as i worked .
i have n 't had much luck with wall chargers from amazon but this charger is awesome !
spend more and protect your screen .
i needed to protect my blackberry curve after having dropped it again and this time out at the barn where one of the horses missed stepping on it by a whisker .
it 's in gorgeous condition , cost a lot less than a brand new one , and arrived 2 days early .
it is micro usb and can fit most modern phones other than a motorola phone .
i am leery about trying the jawbone , have heard too many fit issues . by the way i ca n 't figure the person that complained about fit , i am 6'5 and a large guy , the ear loop fits me great !
this is a great way to stock up on these cables without going broke ! !
the other minor inconvenience are the buttons ; they do n 't have a nice feel when you push them and the locations are sometimes tricky . if it 's one thing i would really like , then it 's a replaceable rechargeable battery .
bought this case a year ago , and it still holds up .
i do n 't care for speakerphones , mostly because others on them sound like they are in a cave .
i bought a few pairs of these for the kids as they really fit their small ear canals well .
it is n 't the sellers fault , but the razor ca n 't hold a charge longer than 35 minutes . i bought this battery in expectance that maybe it would be better .
i would highly recommend the seller to everyone and i would definitely purchase from this seller again .
also , i think it charges my phone quicker than the just wireless one ( when my phone was n 't rebooting ) . ) get it !
the case broke a couple of days but still provides adequate protection .
right now i 've got my bold plugged in to this toy , running a frakking movie and running bluetooth and the thing is still charging the battery !
if you are a gadget minded person , you will love this device .
this was a really good price for the cord .
aside from that minor detail it 's a really a good product and with a very good price !
literally would have to either hold the phone next to my ear or set it on my shoulder for the bluetooth to be clear without static .
i was n 't expecting much for how much i paid for this cable , but it 's indeed oem and works perfectly .
i think just about every pat of this phone has already been written about .
i have ordered other iphone cables on amazon and have been very displeased with the quality .
i do not care for others made of plastic or rubber .
it 's a good value and will protect your phone but not for those who use the keyboard excessively .
the extension arm is very short but that does mean it does n 't have a lot of movement like other brands have .
but it did not seem like a good idea to leave the speaker covered , so we used a key to push these pieces out . 2 ) as people have mentioned , it 's very hard to see the ipod screen outdoors in bright sunlight with this on .
instead , i got a 5 foot cord which is a bit long for the purpose i was going to use it for ( in my car ) . now i have a long cord dangling everywhere .
the distortion was coming from my other phone , not the headphones . for $ 45 headphones these little guys have some kick butt audio , i can put them on put my phone in the kitchen and clean my entire house ( about 3500sqft ) and i rarely loose connection or have it cut out .
i will recommend this to anybody looking for a cable .
there 's no worry of it coming off unexpectedly .
it is not some cheap knock off .
you can charge your phone in your backpack , briefcase , or whatever .
i do n 't want a big plastic thing stuck on my phone .
since i keep my stylus in my ipad bag , it 's not a problem for me .
it has met my expectation , i forgot to charge my phone before going to bed .
the amazonbasics cable has heavier construction and a longer cable , but recent price increases have put that cable beyond what i 'm willing to pay . i have every expectation at this point that the cable will make it through at least six months .
i 'm pretty sure the fabric will eventually come all the way off , so it 's back to amazon seller boxwave to purchase a new one . i still think this is one of the best stylii available , especially if you do n 't like the kind with the exposed rubber tip .
this device is just fantastic ! i use it with my nokia e71 phone and my apple 64gb 3g ipad to stream music wirelessly .
i have been reading about people losing their stylus' , i have n 't had that problem so far .
they stay put on my ears in most all situations .
i have had this sena case for 3 years with iphone 3gs since aug 2009m both the phone and the case have been excellent .
this has nothing to do with whether or not it 's a cheap knock off , my primary beef with this charger , after living with it for over a couple of years , is the bright blue light it gives off .
will follow up if issues arise .
this is a get what you pay for item .
then one day i noticed these weird lines that looked like veins .
the volume can be turned on very loud .
volume goes to the lowest level , and that 's it .
my old battery had a whopping life of 3 minutes when used in a phone call .
it 's a big risk plugging my s3 into a device that could potentially be a knock off .
other than that , it kept everything dry the whole time .
it is a bit counter intuitive it is face side * in * ! if one puts the phone in face side out yes , it will more than likely fall out .
the powerbear case became an extension to my phone that i never have to take off because when i charge it at night , it charges both my phone and the case , and i have battery life for more than two days .
after waiting 3 weeks for this to arrive , we discovered that it did not work .
you ca n 't wear these running . bottom line great headphones , worth the price but with minor drawbacks .
still , it was fully charged within an hour .
basically , to quickly change to phone from a loud ring to silent say in a theater you have to make a loud noise .
i saw reviews for this product saying it was n 't motorola etc .
got this to use with my credit card wsiper as it does n 't fit in my large case and i needed an extension .
this one is the best yet for personal travel as it is not bulky and seamlessly blends in with the rest of the gadgets in the laptop bag .
however , when i went to pair it with my iphone or computer i could no longer get it into pairing mode .
just unwrap let it hang below your camera .
i like the way it shines blue when on , as others have mentioned .
i guess 2 out of 3 is n 't bad .
reason the review is in the past tense is that from one use to the next the volume up control stopped working .
its a great charger , works really well charges really fast and portable too ) should have ordered 2 of them
i know there is always a risk when buying generic , cheap , made in china , stuff like this , but ive actually had pretty good luck with other cheap car charges like this .
improvement in sound quality over the h700 is minimal ( i always thought the h700 sounded fine ) but there are some serious improvements in functionality .
i have a few of these cables in various bags .
not the smallest or cutest bluetooth , but certainly the most reliable in my experience .
buying these headphones was a terrible mistake .
i 've tried all the motorola ones , and they pale in comparison to the plantronics .
something went wrong with my earpiece after maybe 6 months if that .
ive had this case for over a week now and i truly love it , sleek design , fits great . .
while a little short on bass , these are my favorite budget earphones at just over $ 5 , and the sound with the nokia is angelic and crystal clear . in the end , i 'm aiming for five years with this phone .
i would have preferred to be large enough so even using a protector cover on the phone could easily slide it out to answer the phone .
they tend to cost a bit more , but in this case you really do get what you pay for .
why on earth they ca n 't make a dual ended one of these is beyond me so i end up with 2 different chargers in both cars .
got 2 of them and they both work awesome .
great product , it is exactly the way it is advertised .
you can use this with any android phone and it works great !
now it 's not silent , the gunshots and background music still play , but i do n 't have to listen to a bunch of 12 year olds who just learned the f bomb drop it every chance they get .
overall , i am not impressed by this .
obviously they 're a generic brand , but i have absolutely no complaints .
they shipped pretty fast as well .
unfortunately , it did not turn out to be the case .
but aging is an inevitable process and the holster now looks very worn .
the product was shipped promptly ( even though it was ordered on a sunday ) and was received in proper packing in about 3 days .
all the normal bells and whistles included , i love the fact that there is a mute button for long conference calls ! i recommend this for anyone who wants to do laundry while they work from their home office , has a need to be hands free while roaming around the house and needs to have a phone nearby .
this was well worth the cost !
do some research or read the product description , at least .
now i have to buy a jack to go with a jack .
they would work well for carrying a cell phone charger ( by keeping the cord wrapped up securely ) and for those of us who use tens for our various maladies you know those cords that are continuously dangling everywhere . i bought two initially and now realize i probably should have a few more . designed in the usa , manufactured in china .
the phone will not even flash the charging state if you are fast enough , and that 's what happens with this cable .
ca n 't beat that especially for this price .
the sound quality is decent , but it does n 't make up for the shortcomings .
color display hard to see in bright daylight ( but not impossible ) , it has frozen on me a few times , mostly with internet .
muting , hands free , and the hq mic is awesome . the only thing i did not like about the headset , was how it was uncomfortable if you played for a long time . only thing i would change .
keep the blow dryer about 12 away from each and it does n 't get very hot at all .
i have heard many fake copies of this charger .
much earlier than amazon had tracked the package to arrive .
it 's good enough for workouts , and i will admit that i was aware that they have a reputation for mediocre sound quality before i bought them .
maybe they are so cheap because they are simply disposable after a short period of time . for whatever reason , it died and i was forced to look for another 2 slot design i have n 't found one in my price range yet .
i love it , has great sound , cofortable in my ear and it plays the different ringtones i have for callers so i can know whos callings .
but it does n 't work like it says it does .
they never responded to my email .
the nail in the coffin is that the ear piece volume is terribly low , necessitating a constant shove of a finger to ensure no aural leakage , even in my ultra quiet toyota sequoia .
it is very handy to be in meetings and be able to ping people back at their desk for information . 3 . organizer .
great price and it still works great after two years of use .
on other mounts you may have to reach around the back and use two hands which can be quite tedious .
it is n 't perfect , but it is serviceable .
treat them gently and they should work fine for you but they wo n 't stand up to much rough handling .
if you want tools , these are tools buy them .
i researched several models and this one stood out based on positive reviews and price .
i like to have a cover that is not too bulky and this one does that however , it is definitely not for protection .
this case helps me run my day smoothly without having to worry about my phone dying .
hard to beat for the price .
the weight and size are ok .
i 've paired them with my ipod ( had to get an adapter for that ) . paired them with my cell phone .
it applied easily , and just like all the others that i have seen .
now , when i get my email , i have to pry my phone out of my clip , and check my email , and then awkwardly put it back in the clip .
i bought it solely to use on xbox live so i would n 't have to keep moving my other headset that i use for work ( i work at home ) . my friends kept asking me to repeat myself .
not really enough to leave a huge residue but a puff .
i 've received no complaints about sound quality when i use these on conference calls from my cell , so i assume that 's a good thing . back to my one and only complaint the size of the actual ear buds .
i can easily sing the praises of the voyager 510 , especially at the price point .
i followed the directions and paired it with my iphone 4s and then turned them both off , turned the headphones back on and paired it with my ipad 2 . i then turned everything off .
i was doubtful that it would work very well considering the price , but it has worked perfectly for nearly 2 months now .
if you loose the outer box they get you 2 3s of the price of the whole unit to replace it .
total waste of time there are so many better products out there .
two iphones and none of them worked , so a word to the wise , buy something newer .
i have had a couple of holders for my storm and i have to admit that this case is by for the best for my phone .
i bought it to charge my cell phone in my truck , and it definitely does that .
i am still searching for a charger that will charge my old motorola k1m krzr .
obviously a simple diode somewhere would have prevented this , but for me the device now is close to useless . update may 8th 2011 . so , 5 years later , the device is seriously failing .
it only gets 4 stars because i ca n 't lay down in bed with it on . ) update the headset has started losing its shape and has become very uncomfortable to wear .
but i am more than satisfied with the storm after a week of using it !
it arrived in a timely mannerand was just as advertised .
i like that the cord keeps it attached to the main usb cord ( it 's not necessary , but a helpful feature ) . unfortunately i 'm having the occasional issue with it not charging and i believe it is because of the adapter not having a great connection .
there are more cheap charges out there than good ones .
the connection is n 't that great , so i usually have to carry my phone in my hand instead of using a shoulder strap ( i do n 't know why ) . i wish they came with some hook that you could hook it around your ears or something so they 'd stay up better .
after 2 months first go get the full manual . . . 1 . print page 4 and master the tap , press and press and hold differences . 2 . learn how to turn it on off ( simple ) and pairing ( one time thing ) 3 . print page 9 how to and have it in your car , along with page 4 . for the next few days learn all the different things you can do with one button .
other than that i love the phone .
i have an old honda passport and i was surprised this holder was able to fit well .
the first one lasted about 6 months and still works but does n 't stay in as well and floats in an out of charging .
worked for a day after i received it then my 4th gen ipod touch gives a message the charger isnt supported .
it is not too bulky and the price was right .
the singer 's voice will suddenly speed up for no reason at all and then it would be all broken up . i also tried these for a phone call and was not impressed .
for that purpose alone the s305 is perfect .
i also think it 's uglier , esp .
so good and came in the mail fast !
the volume is loud and clear .
these are the same thing you get for $ 8 at walmart and they work just as great !
so you end up paying for a thing and the shipping on the thing that does not work .
they fit my iphone well , go on fairly easily ( though bubbles and trapped dust are always a bit of a challenge to avoid ) and do what they are supposed to do .
i also have connect it to my computer and used it there with a blue tooth adapter . .
i figure since it was a jawbone it would be great .
i like that it does n 't hurt my ear when i talk on my phone .
i really like most of the things about this case i love the clip ( this case is n 't going anywhere when it is on your belt ) and i like the material .
not the biggest deal in the world .
i cannot say enough about this cover .
sound is clear and loud , button works on my droid2 , but the comfort is not for long term use ( over an hour ) , at least not for my ears .
i 've been using this for a few months , and there is room enough for a few more doo dads like a usb memory key . . .
i thought the phone was outof warranty , but on calling nokiausa to see about getting it repaired , it was n 't .
i have n 't tried the cable with the touchstone so i really ca n 't comment on how it would fit .
i used it to put music on my wife 's phone and it worked the way it was supposed to .
it 's a shame as i really liked the case .
still giving it 2 stars though , for including the crappy usb cable .
works great , had no problems with it .
mind you , it 's not perfect , but the sound is reasonably good .
this charger has not failed it yet .
this cable will last a lot longer that some of the generic cables that i have gotten in the past .
but for me that is worth it . my life is a tangle of cords and the callpod chargepod works to fix that .
my husband loves this bluetooth so much that this is the second time he has me purchase it .
it has a little less power but a much better form factor .
on one we could hear the caller but caller did not hear anything .
super good especially for the price .
however , in my case this is where the case failed .
it protected and kept my screen clear .
money well spent , and no disappointments whatsoever . . . . and talk about convenience and reliability .
i needed a place to put my bluetooth that would protect it and i could keep it in my pocket so i would n 't lose my 3rd ( or is it 4th ) bluetooth headset .
i do like the way it feels secure on my ear and the comfort is a good fit for me . sound is middle of the row .
it is always good to have backup cables and this one works great and replaced my old one .
the flashlight i convenient and the laser works great .
i do n 't know if this limitation about having to turn off the current device has been fixed , however .
wished i had researched first ; long shipping wait but its an ok product to have .
i checked there site to verify the model numbers etc and the price i paid here is super compared .
it costs twice as much . . . but still is cheap .
the battery life was something i was n 't expecting around six hours of play for only a couple hours charge .
i have a samsung and it works , as well as a lg optimus g
i have n 't had any issues with fraying threads or anything yet .
finally a cord long enough you do not have to sit right on top of the outlet .
looking at the price , i ordered 2 of these . it served the purpose initially .
i have been in the wireless industry for over 10 years .
works great , however i wish the cord was a little longer as you ca n 't use it while it 's charging .
even so , the charger that came with the kindle would take about 2 3 hours to fully charge , when it 's nearly dead .
it 's sometimes a crap shoot when buying cheap items like cable , but for a buck , you gotta figure there 's some risk .
completely satisified w product , price , delivery . i do n 't always have access to a place to charge my droid x , so thisportable charger and a spare battery ( also from amazon . com ) are a must for me .
so then i got this one , and i love it ! ! honestly , i 'm a skinny girl with skinny arms but i like to workout , this band fits me perfectly with even a little extra room to tighten more and the vecro is strong .
of course , you will want to get the right size for your ears , but you may want to have the large version in order to keep your bluetooth plugged into your ears .
avoid this seller if you plan on getting these cables anytime in the next 30 days .
the phone falls out easily but since the case is so tough , your phone wo n 't break your phone .
i finally purchased one and am glad to have this charger .
phone is very nice looking , a little elegant and conservative i would say . the metal top gives it a little better look and feeling compared to the previous plain razor v3 . i use it heavily for work and even so the battery charge is good for 2 or 3 days .
it is exactly the same as the one selling for significa n 'tly more at the at t mobile store .
it 's certainly worth it to have the protection .
these worked so well i ordered some for my husband 's iphone as well .
i find the headset very comfortable for extended periods of time .
i use this with my outdoor theater .
i wish i would have had this stylus when i was setting up my new phone , passwords , registrations etc .
it has worked great with my phones and other devices .
i used the one for chile and argentina and they both worked perfectly .
the truth is i prefer the other one , but people are different and it comes down to personal preference . what i love about this ( and the other one from the same company ) , aside from the design and construction , is the fact that you do not replace the back cover of your phone with a part of a case like with other galaxy note 2 cases on the market .
this screen protector did the job for my phone .
the only issue i have is i thought other usb cables would work too , but this charger seems to only work with the ( slightly ) smaller cords .
at this price and since it seems to be holding a full charge who cares . . . .
does anybody else feel this way ?
i could use a bit more direction as to what goes where , at least a picture or something .
here are a couple pros and cons pros * price .
i have other cables i use for my iphones , so i ca n 't attest to its usefulness for those devices .
it is a bargin for the price and easy to setup and use .
i think this product was a gift because for $ 0 . 99 cents i got a great product and it fits perfect on my iphone 3gs .
i got this because my wife and i have iphones and they eat batteries like crazy .
if you are not careful , you can rip the plug underneath .
this does exactly what it says . . .
granted it still looks clunky , and i wish they could round out the edges but oh well .
its definetly the best power case for the s4 you can get , thats why i got one for me and my wife .
with the extension arm , it keeps the ipod within reach in my 2001 honda civic so i 'm not fumbling for it when i need it . i 'm not sure how it would work with a fm transmitter attached as i 'm using a cassette adapter , but i do know i have to take it out of its case to work with it , which has been a bummer .
it 's sold by t mbobile themselves so you do n 't have to worry about shadiness .
raises coverage from none to marginal .
one of the iphones ( my moms phone ) is a 3gs and the cord will not charge it .
but this headset i can say with ease is superb .
although i do not use the charger , the cable is useful .
the acutual rebate thats up to 4 months to receive and that is only if you have correctly jumped through all of the hoops .
they do stick out a bit when the bluetooth is placed in a pocket , but then that is probably not the place to store such a unit .
if you are using a mobile phone the 903 will work . update august 18 , 2011 although i really liked this headset , after less than a year of use it stopped working .
just taking the subway to work can result in my phone fully drained by the time i arrive . . . . . but now i can keep it fully charged while i commute . pros one fully charged itorch can recharge my iphone ( and ipad , and camera ) numerous times before needing to be recharged .
navigation of this phone was a breath of fresh air !
other than that this thing is a beast .
and a steal at the price amazon is offering it for ( it 's the best price i found for the name brand ) . it 's sleek , feels great in your hand , feels very sturdy , and is super stylish ( in a versatile way that is great for the male or female user ) . i would have given 5 stars but for some reason mine does n 't click into place ; i . e .
this works and it comes with the hardware to mount it somewhere so it wo n 't slide around .
but how does it sound ? as far as i 'm concerned , they sound great .
i 've been very pleased with this wall charger .
the laser pointer and flashlight are an added bonus that have come in use for presentations at work .
i had bought similar chargers before that did ok .
i have been using this card for several years .
first , if you wear it on the opposite ear from where your phone is clipped , you get a lot of static , which never happened with my motorola headset .
i always hated when an older charger had a red or amber light that was almost invisible in the daytime so you never knew if it was plugged all the way in or not . i ca n 't really knock it for not having both connectors , can i ?
seller lost this package at their facility and it took 2 months to receive it .
one of very few bluetooth that can be used there .
its real small , i can easily place it in the front of my back pack .
i use it almost every day at work though . i listen to music on my iphone ( mostly pandora ) and like to see the contents as the songs change .
i threw it away and bought this higher quality device .
one day it just quit working .
products like these work so rarely , so it 's nice to know that this one does .
maybe for others it would work better .
we have an individual in the office that is color blind to red , so that would have been a nice touch . also for obvious reasons , if you are using your handset , this light is not on .
it did not turn out to be such a great time saver and i am returning it . please note that it does not re charge all small electronic devices .
i wish it had a better clip that would allow me to attach it to a pocket of my bag or to my tablet case , but it 's still a great product .
i 'd gladly pay a dollar more to have the clips work properly , but as it is i 've ordered a silicone case .
i 'm very pleased with this case .
the jawbone is the first unit i 've used in which no one has asked , are using a bluetooth ? i think that , in and of itself speaks volumes .
for expensive items like ipods , iphones , etc . , i * always * use a protective case , and none of the cases i have had ever allowed using a dock .
i used the option of attaching it to the inside of a window that faces towards the nearest cellphone tower .
they are a great deal for the price .
it worked . i bought it for my bro in law who does not shop on internet . with this we also got 3 cell phone batteries and another charger . all for less than $ 25 bucks including shipping ! ! how can you beat that ? ? ? did i say they all worked ? ? ? amazing amazon .
i have the original st lite and i just bought a st3 for my wife .
product does what it is suppose to but i was buying also because the picture showed a smaller connector that goes into the iphone .
i love that it just flips open to turn it on .
i put this battery in a troubled phone , and after lots of tinkering the phone still died .
the color is a bit lighter than the picture , but looks just fine .
works great , i have to phone and need to connect to both , setup was easy .
i have dropped my phone on asphalt , concrete , and metal surfaces .
there are much smaller and more discreet devices out there for around the same price that offer similar quality .
we even took turns dropping his phone .
this charger worked fine for a while but now it has a bad connection somewhere inside .
in addition , there is no case so it will turn on when it is touched by other items in my purse .
i 'd buy it again and i 'd use the oem shop for other needs as well .
talking to hertz reservations they tell me ( a ) my voice is the clearest one that they have heard all day and ( b ) they do n 't hear the tv at all .
otherwise , these are almost certainly worth the $ 30 .
it came on time and the product was just as expected .
i charge this itorch once a week or every two weeks .
so anyone who rideshares to commute may have issues with this feature .
arrived before schedule , new condition , and came with everything advertised .
i bought this product knowing for the reviews that i had to be gentle with it , the problem is that even though the red light lights up , it never worked .
however , if i pull out the cord almost all of the way , it seems to make the connection and charge the phone . i know i could probably return these , but for how cheap they are , its not worth the hassle to package them up and pay for return shipping .
i wer mine all day and it really holds up , about a year on the last one and it still works but it is getting loose at its swivel point .
once it 's green you 're good to go .
like the saying goes when you got the right tools things go a lot easier most of the time .
the faceplate , at least the one , i received was of good quality an it really makes my iphone 3gs pop out .
this case is exactly what i was looking for !
and the deal was fast in the shipping and great price .
its a great phone . . . just put in the gsm sim card and ready to go ! !
the only thing you need to do is program in your electric rate .
but it also gets caught in my hair and after a while , it actually started to interfere with the touch screen .
the phone is still able to charge .
first it use a non usb charger and its too big and bulk this needs to put in the trashed and buried on another planet .
it 's not really bright , so it wo n 't affect your driving blind you at night .
it is amazing it is still in top 10 . granted this is unlocked , but it will perform really slow with modern apps .
i would recommend that you keep shopping around and if you do n 't find anything else in the price range that you like , buy this one but beware of the limitations . there is one other upside i once accidentally used the charger that came with my wife 's motorola v276 phone to charge my headset .
as a gadget obsessed , active , outdoors person , i regularly find myself looking for a place to top off my electronics .
i purchased a case with the same description 2 years ago .
i had been considering buying this since i saw it on thinkgeek .
the only difference that i can see is the noise cancelling microphone is blocked .
the mid range seems to be a little weak .
callers can hear me clearly and i can hear them well .
however if the car vent is vertical , then need to adjust and find the angle that might fit .
i can charge my galaxy s3 2 times and about 20 on the 3rd .
after 1 hour 50 minutes with my phone still turned on and in use , my iphone5 received a full charge .
however , at the time that i did have it , it worked very well .
i was very close to giving up and returning the headset .
i 've seen chargers that cost 3 times as much not looks this nice .
this is saying alot considering this from a name brand over an off brand .
it works like a champ all day .
then , you 're looking at spending another $ 30 or so for each additional clip for each additional device that you want to charge .
overall i give it four stars .
saw a charger at at t for $ 30 then saw this .
you may have a different experience with your ear , so take that with a grain of salt . my last set of headphones was made by skull candy and i found the earpieces there to be much better . in the end , i sent them back and am looking at ultimatebuds fs1 .
bought this to charge my samsung galaxy s3 in the car and it worked for a few months , then quit working .
mine was a sprint and this one did not fit my pnone .
this was a great , cheap , working replacement charger ! update literally a few hours later the cord wo n 't sync to the computer .
not worried about dropping the phone . fits well and works just fine , thank you very much . .
they still work well but i am a little more careful about scratching denting items when using these .
this does what its suppose to do , nothing more than you can do with a push pin .
another thing i missed in this unit is the ability to know when the unit lost all the juice without hitting the power button .
i 've walked down the hall to pick up a print job from the printer and never had any drop in call quality . i do have one complaint about the installation though .
stopped working after just a few week .
i can use the original cable in my car and have this smaller one in my computer bag .
it was one that did not have an ear loop and it cost more than this one .
bought this for some extra ipod time on my plane trip to france last year .
the cable is not thick , but it is n 't cheaply constructed .
all of the ports are accessible and best of all is the apple logo is readily visible .
phone was fine and i could use the touch screen while in the case .
the planet is being crowded by ewaste and plastic junk . .
the connection stayed tight and continues to operate perfectly .
it feels a little lose , but the price is great
the phone is very simple and intuitive to use .
at first the price seemed high , especially when you can buy a 3 pack or 5 pack of generic protectors for this price , but then i noticed this one has life time replacement so i took a shot and ordered this one . perfect cut with holes that line up on my pre .
i 've ordered several , and you 'd pay 3 times the price in a bog box electronics store .
if you are worried about comfort , keep it mind that it includes two different ear hooks or your convenience and selected comfort .
its ok , but it is n 't very precise with writing .
you need one each of these things for every device you want to charge .
if you are mostly going to leave the case on , amazon has a great price on these and they do look really good !
was very nice and obviously a legit oem which is always a good thing worked perfectly but even more important fit perfectly and wasnt constantly falling out which can be frustrating ( 60 ; thats what she said ( lol ) )
and i do n 't think most galaxy note owners are very critical about aesthetics .
put everyhting back together , and like magic , the cassette works perfectly now , even in my auto reverse deck . i only wish that it came designed to do this without modifying it , but trust me , opening up the tape and fixing this is so simple .
it 's dressy enough to wear with my suits and casual enough to wear with my jeans .
i hooked up my zune to it and it made the battery get really hot .
but once it is sit the ear , then it is very comfortable and no pain to use .
my calls are clear , but i must add sometimes the phone disconnects from the bluetooth and i am answering my phone saying hello not realizing this .
fast delivery , and the cradle is very convenient .
i heard it will be $ 99 . 00 but no release date yet .
item arrived as it was described .
not to mention that you can hear your phone conversation in sterio .
people have been able to hear me very well while driving and even while playing volleyball .
and use your task manager to make sure they are really off , and not still running in the background , killing your battery ) . some folks use their car charger for hours each day .
i bought two of these one to use for traveling , and the other in the little front drawer of our pottery barn charging station so i can charge both types of devices from the same tip when at home .
i just purchased another one because so far this is the best case for me .
i received this product for christmas and it work just great .
once connected , you 'll be off and running .
it probably would have spared my iphone from a few inadvertent dings to its corners .
i moved to an area where radar detectors are not permitted so i rarely use it these days .
however , after pairing it with the phone , i immediately heard it signalling that the battery was almost dead .
we are using it in a vw rabbit and honda fit .
it is of real good quality impressive .
a nice simple product that works well , does n 't come with a cord which is no big deal , their is a light on the unit that shows it is getting power , but not charging , but for the price it works great .
when you 're ready to get out of the car you simply retract the cable and it hangs nicely out of the way .
many times i forget it is attached . mute automatically disengages when a call ends which is a nice touch .
for me , it always feels like the phone is going to slip right out of my hand when i do n 't have a case or cover on it , so this was a good case in that aspect since it does n 't add any bulk .
i do n 't understand the lack of information .
i used this on a recent vacation to charge my blackberry tour .
this thing is tiny lightweight and works really well in a vehicle where you do n 't want long cables hanging around ( especially if you drive a manual shift car ) . that being said , i have had two of these .
just scared it will end up mi aligning the charging port if it gets hit or falls while charging .
the cover to the power jack would not seat and came off within days , which kind of frustrated me a bit , but realistically , i would want easy access to that port anyway so why cover it ? it would be great if otterbox came out with these in another color , but hey , i 'm a girl and i like things in every color .
still no one could hear me talking and what they did hear sounded like an echo .
when i make calls , the person i am calling says i sound like i am talking directly on the handset so i am pleased .
i usually ending up having to reconnect it to the headphones , but it does n 't happen that often .
the filter is a good product for my iphone , works well with high quality , i bought this filter recommend by my friend , who is good at buying online , so i bought filter from eforcity , item arrived on time and in good conition , thank u so much , and will definitely buy again .
this battery work well in the older phones for which it is intended .
this earpiece is not clear at all and i have to hold the phone up close to my face to avoid the static .
my daughter does n 't seem to care about the light that stays on , as she is just happy to have her phone charging .
i really only use it in my car , but the volume buttons work well and the battery does not need to be charged that often . bottom line , this device works well and the audio quality is fine .
another iphone accessory that i wasted money on .
unless mine is just messed up , it charges with a usb cable to your computer but does not sync .
i still have to be careful , otherwise i 'll push the internal casing back upwards i 'm sure i broke some little stabilizer but i can get it back down easily .
oh , and this does have a big red light that comes on once you plug it into the wall , whether your phone is plugged to it or not , so if you are one of those nit picky sleepers that needs a completely dark room to sleep , you stick yourself a small piece of black electrical tape over the light , because it is brighter then you may think .
installing it actually reduced my reception from 2 bars to no bars !
i scrapped it for a belkin case and i like it way more .
these straps are exactly as i expected .
i did n 't even see the mini usb opening at first .
putting on screen protector you will get some scratch .
protector doesnt scratch easily just gets dirty so thats why i change min which isnt often comes with cleaning cloth so that is good .
i have no fear of coins or toher materials that could damage touch .
my guess is that it 's a grab bag of what you get based on the large list of suppliers , so do n 't be surprised if it 's not exactly as you 're expecting . at $ 2 , it 's still better than buying the official $ 19 apple version , and seems to have all the same functionality . edit it looks like they are rotating different images of cords through the photo boxes .
the cord is long and the charger works , however for the lg g2 it will advise that it is not a reccomended charger and the charge will be slow .
i use this more as a backup case but for the price it 's great !
overall these shortcomings are outweighed by the positives of this device .
the first two seidio cases i owned were great , one was for a htc mogul and the other for a blackberry curve .
bought this for my sister and she rave reviewed this it clips on her vent in the town and country mini van and in tahoe .
i 'm straight line impaired and can almost get it right . note . . . these are packaged 12 in a plastic bag .
i did like the little bulk added compared to other cases but i ended up dropping my phone 2 3x if not more due o the stupid tabs breaking until i just felt safer taking the case off .
we no longer use a landline much since our cell phones have so many minutes .
i bought my original 305 's from an e tailer and the audio on one side went out within a month of purchase .
it just shows that its full and continues to charge .
no more falling off the window , while going down the road . . . would so highly recommend this product ! ! !
have dropped the phone a few times and the case took the damage fine .
it might be useful on something other than a windshield .
great , the covers fit our phone just right .
if used for small electronics and similar applications , this set should be durable .
i have it happily racking up the costs of my big ac unit right now . it 's pretty easy to operate ; at least , i just fumbled around until i found the measures i was interested in .
it would be nice if they had more flexibility .
leaves residues on your phone after you remove it , and it 's a nightmare to remove the residues on your screen , even with the trick of using a piece of tape to remove the residues .
controls work great and was able to make and receive phone calls with it .
this film is easy to remove and does not leave a sticky residue , or any residue at all , on your screen . this can be purchased at a lower price at any apple store and getting somebody there to apply it for you can save time and trouble .
not much to say on this .
i had been using my iphone for that but now no more opening the iphone and finding the flashlight app , i just use the itorch which lives in my other pocket .
excellent frequency , you can get apart from your iphone like 5 or 7 feet and you can hear clearly the music .
we have had this bluetooth for two days and so far ca n 't complain all that much .
i must say the price was awesome . .
i love this product it works great and it charges my phone great , i love this thing .
answers great , sounds great per the people i have talked to on the phone .
other than that it seems to work good , charges good , and syncs just fine as far as i can tell
this is a great charger for almost any phone .
the only detail known is the battery consumption .
waterproof and mudproof protection for my iphone that i 've used fishing and working outside in damp , muddy conditions .
and finally it just stopped working .
i 'll try to upload a customer image to show what i 'm talking about . one disappointment i 've had ( but not deducting points ) is that i ca n 't get this headset to connect to my laptop .
well worth the money and a lot cheaper than other sites or stores near my home ( charged 24 . 99 ) for the same case .
the only thing i would suggest to make it better is you ca n 't tell if the noise sheild is on or off , everything sounds the same to you , you have to wait till some one ask what is the noise in the back ground .
when i called tech support they suggest that i buy their data cable ( read shell out another $ 70 ) for that purpose .
this battery arrived quickly , charged fine and works just like the original that came with my phone . ca n 't beat the great price either . highly recommended
i only wish the cable was longer but then it would be awkward to wind up in a small package .
good product but , nothing the regular cable that comes in the box will do .
always feeling like it was going to fall off .
comfort is around a 7 out of 10 . this is my first bluetooth and i highly recommend it who wants to get a cheap and useful accessory for their phone . )
i really like the case it 's great for traveling so u do n 't break your ear bud .
i do n 't think you can transfer data with it , or even charge from computer .
fast response to my questions ( they should list dimensions otherthen thickness ) . do n 't agree that it is cheap looking for the price .
i love the look and concept , its elegant and simple .
simply do not buy this piece of shit , spend a dollar or more and get a brand that knows what they are doing
i first had this paired to a moto v551 then later to a razr v3 silver and black .
i had try several kind of bluetooth and this is the only one that has worked perfect for me .
i 've owned a scala 500 , a 700 , and now the 700lx ( in addition to a few models of motorola headsets ) . the scalas absolutely have the best sound clarity , and handle wind noise far better than any motorola i 've used .
in fact , my old battery looks newer than this one . maybe it was my order . . .
product itself is n 't perfect , but ca n 't blame the seller .
works good for a while then eventually stops working i guess you get what you pay for lasted me a while before it broke
it is a good quality product and suits my need .
i work for a company that sells refurbished phones and cell accessories and this particular item is a huge bestseller .
i would buy this case again .
but seriously , the important part is that this is a portable battery with some extras .
it 's padded to protect your ipod , it looks great and it 's a great value ( i love saving money ) . in the 4 months since i bought it , it has saved my ipod touch from disaster several times when i dropped it .
since the default place for my blackberry is in the holster , this is important to me . after a couple of months i finally removed the skin .
i assume it will stretch a bit with use which will make is easier to use .
the only reason i gave it a 4 vs a 5 star is because of the fact it 's not a true oem battery as the title implies but it does a good job regardless .
i do n 't mind the lack of controls i 've always done everything through the phone anyway and my only real caveats are the annoying paper tag you 're not supposed to remove and the short battery life .
i ca n 't see who calls neither can i dial cos its a touch screen .
when you wear them , they feel great .
then i got a leather case to replace it !
the comfort issue could be a problem for you .
they seem to be well made and i suspect that they last a long time .
i could n 't find anything that would fit my palm centro without it being too tight or too loose .
but i think i can safely say that no bt headset has great audio .
overall , especially for the very reasonable cost , a good product .
i bought this to use with my iphone 4s using the attachable keyboard cause it made the phone thicker .
i think this is not suitable to use around crowded areas like the city streets or the malls etc .
i bought several of these mounts at a local radioshack for a little over twice the price so i think that this is a great deal on amazon .
i have small ears , so i 'm wearing the small size right now , so it 's great for people who have small ears like me .
and wonders of wonders , one day when i fished out the headset from my pocket , i found them sticking to each other .
it also ends the call if you are talking on the phone ( and once the call is over the music starts back up ) .
i was given this headset to use during my workouts .
and people can actually hear you ! we have 7 wireless headsets working in our office and 2 are the cs 55 . once the cs50 ones break ( which will be soon ) i will be replacing them all with the cs 55 !
i bought this micro usb cable because it was cheap , and that it is .
and i did think the 5800 was a very pretty phone with big screen had it not been for those freezing problems . . . oh well , life goes on !
you should really buy this for a store thou bought one bluetooth from here an when i received it the thing would n 't charge .
the delivery was great , earlier than expected .
i was surprised when i read the reviews on this product .
i went with a usb cable instead .
kudos to the maker ! this will only fit your iphone 5s if you do n 't have a case on it .
this is probably the only reason i would give it 4 instead of 5 stars lack of quality control or a consistent supplier .
the battery also has a good life and he needs it as some days are long ones for him . the sound quality is good and he can hear the caller clearly and we can hear him well .
i can hear everyone great and do n 't have to have the ear peice i hated so badly .
i like this product , i 'm using it with my laptop and my cell it 's working perfect , i like the function that my laptop my cell connect to the device at the same time and when i receive a call while i 'm listening to my laptop it automatically mute the laptop and switch to the cell , really it 's niceupdates 4 month ago the right side head set stop working ! ! !
i 've also used the phone feature on it , which works well , but i 've had complaints of the microphone cutting out .
heavy enough to the point where it feels like it was well built , yet still lighter than the iphone .
quick shipment , works great , and would buy again .
i never send back dishes at restaurants .
the company i ordered from said 34 ; new 34 ; but it was clearly not in both instances .
it 's nice to have this charged and ready to go in case of emergencies .
i know it 's written in the directions somewhere , but i 'm pretty bad about keeping track of where i put that sort stuff .
i had left the lights on all day .
i feel like i 'm hearing the album and not my headphones interpretation of the album .
easy to install put the unit near window or anywhere you have service ( at least one bar ) then put the antenna at least ten feet away .
we keep it on the middle console in our mini van .
i 'm terrible at remembering to charge these guys up !
purchasing locally or from samsung seems a little like being robbed .
got this as a spare cable since hubby is always taking them to work not bringing them home .
i 've used this on my itouch and it works great recharging ( as i use it ) . i 'm going to be buying a few more as gifts .
i got 4 of these on sale , shortly after our state mandated no handheld phones in car .
this charger is amazing , it charged my htc phone and now it is charging my samsung note 2 . the cord is plenty you can pick up the phone and have it close to you or just lay it next to something .
works as well as original however it was shorter than i expected . the quality is good and the connects firmly .
of all three this scratches the most .
and i like the voice commands that it has , they actually work quite well .
while the headphone is sitting on my head , the other party can hear themselves echo , which did not make any sense as their voice was not being fed back to them .
this charger will probably get thrown into the pile of useless electronics .
i have found that if i turn the charger 90 degrees to either side , i can no longer see the huge gleaming logo . update i just ordered another of these chargers which are of impressive quality for the money .
it works so great i bought one for my wife .
i saw a video on youtube where someone that had this case on the curve threw the phone 50 feet into the air and let the phone fall to what looked like its demise .
and once you put it on it is so hard to took off .
i 've used a number of bluetooth headsets and this is among the worst .
but , it does work just fine .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm now in the market for another bluetooth headset , and i will not be getting these again .
it will surely be the end of an expensive iphone . i recomend this case just for style .
the speakerphone was great . . had lost os ring tones and nice wallpaper selections . . . i liked the phone but it just would n 't let me do so many things . . . i tried to download facebook which i use everyday . . again says phone not compatible o * ( so i am returning . . . .
the screen is largely unprotected except for a slight lip around the edge which may or may not protect the screen but i have yet to drop it . you really have to press fairly hard on the buttons to elicit a response which gets annoying after a while .
it has a lot more precision .
i chose this one because the controls are easy to see and use .
this is a piece of junk do not waste your time or money .
it was stupid of me to force it into the tight outlet . .
add an item and it is a crowded pad .
but otherwise look for another charger to buy .
my husband had a problem with it , that is was n 't load enough for him .
i hate the jumble of wires that are always wrapped around the shifter in my wife 's car so i ordered this for her .
reviews that slam it for being unprotected did no research prior to buying it .
do n 't wast your money on this battery china made wo n 't hold charge .
for the price and comfort , you ca n 't beat them .
u can even use it with your radio it 's great
i contacted customer service over the course of 9 times .
i have tried multiple cables , including the original samsung cable which allows for a fast charge , but found this did n 't help .
i can charge 2 things at once and does n 't get hot as my other port did .
we shall see . . . do not buy this headset , many people have had trouble with the buttons and customer service has been terrible getting this remedied .
the pouch itself is a bit bulky for my taste and could stand to be about 1 2 inch narrower .
i was able to adjust the rubber earpiece to a certain position that is very comfortable for me to wear .
or if you get tons of text messages it fills up the c drive and you the owner have to change system settings to tell txt msg'ing to not use the default drive . search the web for n97 to read and see the youtube videos of why not to buy this dumb phone um i mean smart phone .
it stopped working after about 6 months .
offers enough protection and grip , can take off easily and slip it right back on .
i love it because it was easy to apply .
not sure which models listed work and which do n 't , but the fact that non supported models seem to be listed is sufficient to be skeptical and go elsewhere .
the result is that audio does n 't come thru even though the person on the other side can hear you just fine .
i put it in and take it out of my purse with no problem . i trust this to protect my iphone . that is why my 4th generation nano also sports a pixelskin case . worth the investment for the peace of mind it brings .
the third one finally did fit correctly but there was still no signal .
all in all it did the job
ca n 't listen to music through it with my slvr though , as expected .
the only catch with this case is dust and other stuff will collect on it .
it 's easy to put on and take off ( once you figure it out ) . i do n 't drop my phone usually so i ca n 't say how it will do if you drop it but it only covers the back and the sides .
stopped working after a week , but i guess the price suits it well . . .
item received as described an in a timely manner , thank you
clarity is excellent , but would like a bit louder .
wo n 't buy another of this brand .
i left it plugged into the outlet and used it daily to charge my iphone while at work .
for the price , this is a very good option .
i can hear callers well and i have volume to spare .
short and simple the battery works fine in my htc phone .
i chose the imp70d because of its flatter and cleaner form factor despite the slightly lower battery capacity .
these are hard to put on my phone without a bunch of air bubbles .
furthermore , many of the reviewers have posted twice on this product , once per color .
i was skeptical because of the fantastic price and a few reviews that stated they did n 't receive the genuine samsung cable .
its ok one ear phone is longer than the other after a while they will break on you u get what u pay for .
these ones however did n 't work even right out of the packaging or stopped working after a few uses .
igo products will save you money by only replacing the tips and not the whole power source .
the physical size is a tiny bit bigger then an apple one so keep that in mind .
the metal plate is too thick to put inside of phone case and the power of magnet is too weak . did n 't want to bother return it only because it 's a few bucks .
but the earplug on this one is a decent one and i 've not had any problems with it falling out of my ear .
the bluetooth functionality makes these an absolute steal . while this will vary by the functions of what you 're pairing them to , my blackberry works flawlessly with the media and volume controls , and what 's especially nice is that it uses the same micro usb charger . the only real gripe i have is that the microphone is pretty awful .
however , i 'm good with the chargers and like the usb plug that makes it compatible with my other electronics . as most purchasers of fuzes know , it 's hard to find a good protective case with belt clip .
this is a great case for the note 2 . i had been undecided about whether to use a cover such as this or a belt holster as i 've always used .
he has a charge case for his last phone , and it covered the whole thing .
i 'm using it with a samsung galaxy s3 , and it works flawlessly .
we can leave it tied to the usb car charger and swap depending on who needs more juice .
the problem is the cable , which drags , gets bumped by clothing , etc , and jiggles things .
recently purchased three products from new tent .
it is definitely worth the price if you are suffering from low cell signal at your home small office .
my cell phone company wanted $ 20 for their basic skins in their retail shop .
the battery life on this is amazing , and the 2a output port charged my phone and my 3ds completly during a recent road trip , and still had enough charge for another round .
they are great to wear while driving if one is expecting a phone call during driving .
my son has a 710 also , and i do get some echo when speaking with him .
just pulled it out and paired it with my droid x and it works fine .
and when you add in the attention paid to design and construction then the value becomes significa n 't . check out both models to find the case style that suits you .
the case is so small it does not fit the iphone or our vibrant .
updates available via connection with pc .
they did arrived quickly and as described though and seller has been very nice .
unit i got was same as pictured .
i am overall pleased with this case although i have only had the case for slightly over 2 weeks .
the supplied neck cord is a good idea , but i 'm not using it .
recieved on time back cover was broken asked for another one and they sent me a pink cover seriously wth the the hone it self stop working within a few weeks horrible do n 't wwaste your money or time ith these people very unprofessional .
brought new life into a great phone thats over 10 years old .
definitely nice coming from an iphone where a simple cable like this runs $ 20 used .
decent product , holds the phone where you need it and can be adjusted to move the phone into multiple positions that should enable you to find your best position .
i work construction , the otterbox is a must for those who want to carry their iphone in the outdoors . this product delivers 100 , i very satisfied with this recommendation by a fellow co worker . well put together , great design and has safeguard my investment 110 . thanks otterbox
i am surprise who are the people who buy same thing for high prices like 8 . 99 to 15 . 99 , when the same product is available for under $ 3 . 00
it works fine with my original iphone but the voice quality is n 't as great as it was with the h7xx series .
we have to pair it quite often and that is annoying to say the least .
you will be very pleased and i do n 't see a lot of devices this size with this much power density on the market .
the only thing is it takes a good while to charge back up once drained .
sometimes my bold can go through a fully charged battery in less than a day .
the jabra jx10 is amazingly small and most people ca n 't even tell i 'm on a wireless headset ( which is really amazing because everybody knows when my wife is on her plantronics 640 ) . also , i have a car with a convertible top and i can still hear people fine when using this headset it 's quite loud . p . s .
it 's been a while since i looked at the reviews but someone commented on the device having a wire kind of takes away from it being blutooth and they are 100 correct . pros1 . the device has really good sound quality . 2 . the device if very comfortable to wear .
i also liked that both units are small .
i bought this headset for my wife for her to use with a samsung a900 ( the blade ) . the earpiece is extremely small and comfortable and the battery life is long enough for her to talk on it over an hour each day .
i find it easier to use for these reasons .
will probably buy in another color .
this is such a flimsy item i ca n 't believe all the positive reviews .
i 've never tried to charge both at the same time , but individually it charges both quite well .
my boss had the same case but he payed to much for it and i thinkthe price was great and my boss is unhappy hahahahahahah
my note slips right into this , it is super soft .
you must add an adapter to your phone ( which will make it bigger ) in order to charge it . what i would like to mention is an alternative .
i love the dlo case , it fits my iphone perfectly and is very convienent to use , but as i read in other reviews ( which i ignored ) , the belt clip does indeed go bad after about 6 months .
look for a jawbone by aliph . . . the h500 is a model that has been around a long time and is perfect for my needs .
okay for the money , very flimsy and cheap materials .
also , you ca n 't very well sit down with your phone in your back pocket either ( and then it does n 't connect well either because you are sitting on the phone ) . so really only works well if you are standing up and it 's in your back pocket .
bad reception at your home or office ?
did what it had to do for a short period of time i do n 't know if its the quality of the thing or me cause the rubber from the wire came out after me using it for a month stopped charging my phone and now i basically have to wriggle it around to get it to charge
i highly recommend getting a bluetooth adapter for your computer to take advantage of customizing this baby .
the spring clip broke after 40 days of use .
good battery life , comfortable ear piece but be careful , it is a bit fragile .
it 's fine if i take the time to speak clearly , but tends miss short , one word replies completely .
like most people that use an iphone or ipod , i 've tried many cases and covers .
some more expensive buds definitely sound better , but i do n 't like spending more on something i 'll lose or break .
i use these for everyday use around the house or office and generally when traveling or mowing the lawn .
it 's a good idea to purchase the carrying case to protect it while transporting or storing .
it would have been good if it came with a car charger too , but thats just wishful thinkin )
we both went back to our motorola bluetooths which are so comfortable , you forget you 're wearing them .
it 's starting to look old , so i 'm looking for a real leather one .
it 's like a rounded piece of plastic whereas your phone , if you 'll observe it has squared edges !
now i get 5 bars on sprint anywhere inside the building , and 3 4 bars within 10 feet or so of the building outside .
i bought these strap for the usb sticks so i wo n 't lose them .
the other 3 display the amount of battery left , each led would be 1 3 full capacity . can acts as a laser pointer and flashlight too ! what i do n 't like about it i do n 't think there is anything that i do n 't like about it , in particular . i think this external battery is a great product .
i would return it , except it would cost that much just to return it . the thing charges .
it is convenient to keep the unit in your pocket , and plug the phone in to charge .
i have never had one sound so bad .
however ear loop is basically not adjustable at all , consequently making the ear piece itself to constantly work its way out of my ear and feel as if it were just hanging there . . .
i like the basic product , and it works great .
just got today tried 2 different usb adapters and tried from the pc but none of them charge my phone . . . .
i tried to charge my smartphone with this device and it melted !
i never do this , but i almost bought this product based off of the amazing sounding fake reviews provided by the shills for powerbear .
but , i realized that all i needed wash the vent mount .
got here kind of slow , but in line with what was on the listing .
hurts the ear , where it has a corner on the back side that presses into the ear and starts to hurt , the sound is ok but not the best , wont get loud enoff .
once you get a keyboard for your pda smart phone , you wo n 't go back .
technology has improved so i wanted to give the last and greatest a spin around the block .
i also like the coiled cord , as it means i do n 't have a long cord hanging around my console .
the cell phone look and features was quite different from the earlier one i had from at t . ; up to this time , i can not set the clock on the phone .
however , i love the clip and the fact that it doubles as a stand .
but many other headsets require you to push buttons ( or hold them down ) . this makes using it a snap ! i actually have one for my home office and another that i leave in my car .
i have not had any complaints about not being able to hear me where i did with my other bluetooths .
and if i could would send it backi have glued a piece of velcro so it will do for a while .
i love the material its made out of .
bought it for my 3rd son , so he could use better headphones on his samsung corby , then the ones , that came with it .
identical in every way to the original , it charged promptly and holds it 's charge .
i am giving this product 3 stars for its classy styling .
if you need a simple case , this works great .
i am constantly dropping my phone , especially on hard surfaces , and this case has survived it all ( keeping my iphone safe of course ) . the coloring did fade a little around the corners after awhile , but i 'm guessing it 's because it was constantly in and out of my pocket .
the downside is that once you start streaming your music you will be disappointed by the lack of bass or sound fidelity .
at this price , i can afford it .
i have n 't used it a lot yet , so maybe i have n 't figured out the right combination of button presses .
i changed jobs , and the corporate standard is the blackberry , so i had to give up my much loved treo 650 . at least i was able to keep my number and swap the old sim into the new phone . overall i 'm fairly happy with the 8700c .
this product is great i love to use it in class to hide my phone because it looks like a pen
they take a charge , hold it , and last seemingly as long as the original when it was new .
you have to hold the button for varying amounts of time to get the result you want .
i popped in the battery and was amazed she 's still chugging along , and located my wi fi connection without any hesitation .
what more do i need to say , it works !
i got the basic idea and was lucky that it worked well . 4 . works great at my desk , four bars .
it is n 't as flimsy as people said it is , i do n 't see how people could break those prongs .
needless to say the screen had unfixable creases and was barely still in the wrapper . it might be a good protector and it really probably had absolutely nothing to do with the seller but i was pretty steamed .
for the price , it was worth it . .
this is one very convenient device .
it will flash green a couple times to indicate it is on .
for the price , i figured , id buy a couple of spares in case one died . i ordered 3 of these and while the retracting mechanism seems to work very well , two of the three simply did not work .
the p4460 is an ok product but customer support is non existant .
first , what 's really good about these they are tiny .
they are extremely easy to set up and use . we could n 't decide if we should get these or headphones , but glad we got these . just ordered two more for my parents . only complaint is that it does not come with a wall charger , only a car charger .
when i speak with them while they are using it , there is little to no background noise .
sound quality on my end is n 't as good as the journey but the annoyance of dropped connection gone is worth it and it was half the price of the journey !
the strap does n 't adjust to a wide range of diameters , it 's mostly for larger arms , and not smaller petite women 's arms .
first off all it does take some time to install , you 've got a separate antenna and cables you have to run .
oh and the screen protector has to be positioned perfectly .
i guess the extra cable is worth a few dollars .
product is exactly what i expected , is attractive and works like it 's supposed to .
the barrel is cool to the touch and has a super smooth surface .
since the room doubles as our guest room , it would be great to be able to shut off that light without unplugging the device .
you have several options as far as finding a comfortable fit .
i do n 't know how it works but it does n 't always work on the first touch .
no big deal the most important thing is that it works !
i bought this to use with my htc evo and it works without any problems .
the form factor is very good .
however , i personally like this because that 's part of the look of the iphone , so why cover it up .
i have a nerve problem and have pain in my hands .
that said , i needed a new phone for work and the geek in me immediately was drawn to a myriad of phones that had good gadgets ( mp3 , camera video playback , bluetooth , etc . . ) . the more i looked , the more i had to prioritize my needs .
i hate those chargers that freeze up once its plugged in , but this is not the case with this charger .
works like it should and you ca n 't beat the price .
following the instructions to work around the original cover with a fingernail to pop it off worked with a little effort .
but once i disconnect the call , they link back up and work fine . this is the first headset i 've had that does n 't fall off my little ears .
i only have one left that works about half the time .
i chose this seller because they , supposedly , had the cables in black .
i was able to connect to each phone in just a matter of minutes using the utilities functions on each of the phones .
i bought this as it was an official product from sony to use with the ps3 . i like it because of the battery life and how you can tell how much battery is left while on screen ( ca n 't do that with other bluetooth headsets ) . sound is okay and can get decently loud .
i 've had $ 35 headsets that fit quite well .
they were intentionally made that way so that the screen would peel and wear off fast . they produce a lot of glare compare to other screen savers that i 've used in the past . scratched easily , finger prints , etc . . .
hell you ca n 't beat the price .
but then , a few weeks later , i tried to add a data feature to my phone from the at t ; website and i had some problems .
be advised that you may have to go through multiple purchases and shippings in order to receive a functional device .
it also has good sound quality and the people i call have no trouble hearing me .
it 's always good to have extra cables for your phone .
nice and short cable so it does n 't clutter my desk at work .
as someone who uses his cell phone constantly , i 'm always looking for portable power .
for those of you that are challenged because of large digits or imperfect keyboard positioning this stylish stylus is a must have .
great for driving or any time you want your hands free but ca n 't use speakerphone . cons people whom i call have complained occasionally about the sound quality .
this was a perfect solution for running audio from my pc in a bedroom to the stereo in the living room .
the old one did n 't have that problem . on the positive side , the usb mini charger saves me one more power adaptor when traveling , which is a good thing .
do your self a favor and skip it
from my experimenting , a proper set gives me an extra bar or two , maximum .
and i did . first they answered a question about why i could n 't charge a new usb chargeable item i bought .
used this for a long time with iphone and now with an android with an otterbox on both .
this battery never made it through a single day 's use on my wife 's phone despite 34 ; breaking it in 34 ; with several charges .
neither cable appears to be used . the cables are not the same , however .
i bought this for my phone but it was too big ( case is better designed for the iphone ) . if you have a samsung instinct you should skip this case .
i have n 't used the car charger , but i use the usb charger frequently to recharge and synch my mp3 player , and it works just fine , so no regrets at all on this purchase !
i prefer to use my phone naked ( with a screen protector ) , and this pouch is the perfect solution to keep it safe when not in use .
i intend to use it when i replace my ear bud .
for a lousy $ 2 . 40 they should have just said sorry and written it off .
this headset died in 2 months , just after the warranty expired . i took a look at the online forums and it seems that i may have bought a 34 ; knock off 34 ; . i 'm no expert on supposedly original devices , but i would 've expected to be original if purchased from amazon . anyway , do yourself a favor and buy the lg headset .
i also like that you can easily switch it from right ear to left ear by just pulling the hook off . the buttons on this device are easy to access , and it was comfortable enough to use for extended periods of time . however , overtime , the static on the calls just got worse and worse until i could no longer use this without people getting really annoyed .
i 'm not sure if i would wear this in public , but i got this because of the good reviews it received with regard to sound quality noise cancellation .
charges you apple product for your cars butt lighter .
i use tablets every day for work .
it is also built extremely solidly , and does not scratch easily , although the screen scratches easily . however , the battery life is terrible .
i believe it was damage from sweat .
the sound quality is very good and the best feature about it is the battery life .
the volume is finally loud enough on this headset compared to my previous motos .
they are not non glare , but it does n 't seem to be a problem .
i would recommend this product to who ever does not own a paper clip .
i 've used a lot of different screen protectors and options .
its very pretty but it gets dirty really easy and its realllly hard to clean .
ever been in a location and have your phone or ipod run out of juice ?
i have purchased 4 different jabra headsets , because they are the most comfortable and easy to hear with , but they have poor microphone quality .
reasonably easy to put on with one hand once you get the hang of it .
the volume level is good for me , and i have hearing loss , so that 's impressive as well .
woke up the next morning and my phones battery percentage had actually gone down !
it 's almost exactly right , except for one thing .
i am usually an otterbox customer , but buying an otterbox would make the case more expensive than the phone that i am only using for a few months . i 'd do business with the seller again , the case works as it should .
when i lost that unit , i went back to jawbone . the only model available was the prime .
charge takes only 10 20 min for 8 hours of use . the reviews i had read stated this older model sounds better than the newer versions .
already had one of these for my car and the missus was so taken with it she wanted one of her own .
but the sound quality is great .
i have no experience on how long this fix lasts , as the inconvenience annoys me into replacing the defective adapter after a short time . i have not tested the data throughput rates with these , so i have no comments on that . . .
i have had no issues with this charger .
iphone is working just fine with using your fingers ( as intended ) .
it does one thing good and that 's to charge my 6th gen ipod nano .
this case for some reason is peeling , there is n 't much left of the orginal skin , i loved the case with pink being my favorite color but i would n 't recommend this specific one for anyone .
i had been using the white ipod ones .
first it would n 't even charge my motorola cliq xt but that couldbe because of the phone .
why pay $ 20 for these in the store ?
since i typically keep my phone in my pocket , it was n 't that helpful for me to have the wireless distance from it .
who would have thought something so small would be so powerful , technology is amazing .
i used this to go to a water park .
this seems to be a great charger when it works .
the buttons are a bit smallish and take getting used to , and the sound is probably not as good as the s805 headphones , but they are more comfortable for extended use .
the sound quality is low , especially outdoors , and there is quite a bit of static even when within a few feet of the phone .
one stopped working all together and the other one seems ok .
but for $ 3 , this is a wonderful case . update ( 8 07 13 ) unfortunately the inability to feel the volume and unlock buttons was a little much to overcome , so i had to get rid of it .
sometimes in a hurry it is tricky to get it situated on your ear correctly .
this charger worked fine for the first few weeks but then it decided to stop working out of the blue .
and for the money it is a fairly great charger .
very simple and i have to say it looks great too , matching my bb very nicely . if you use your bb extensively as i do , you might want to purchase two pods ( and one additional ac cord ) so that you can have one pod at work and one at home .
now , if i could just get her to stop chewing holes in my shirts .
however , the rubber works great and saves his precious iphone from getting scratches .
so if you 're not in a loud area or heavy user it 's a great headset .
i used it to get reception on my cellphone inside a shilded building where i would get 1 or 2 bars near the windows and nearly no data ( which was what i wanted in the first place ) the antenna 's bottom is strongly magnetized as expected if you 're to place it on your car .
i wanted it for my car , but works well in the house also .
it 's lasted with day in and day out use for about two years .
i started looking for replacement chargers and came upon this particular model .
i now get a steady , strong signal .
it 's perfect for those of us who do n 't have smartphones or a headphone jack .
waste of time and i also expect to be hit with return postage for an item not designed for the purpose i purchased it
highs are very good , mids are okay but sadly the low is just not present .
my last one broke after about 2 years . . . . and i liked it so much that i reordered the exact same one . update after a couple of months , the metal piece on the flap came out .
it 's perfect for what i need , which is something that protects the back from getting scratched .
i love this thing it charges my evo where others have failed .
order with this converter to be ready for anything .
it will pair , but forgets to , include the sterio service transport ( kinda of important ) . then it works .
i 've purchased 6 of them , all work great .
sometimes people on the other side had trouble hearing me sometimes especially when driving .
paid $ 0 . 32 for the charger and $ 2 . 81 shipping handling . . . . . yeah , i know the shipping handling was much more expensive than the charger was but i needed a charger that connected and this one fit nice and snug so i am able to charge my phone while sitting at my desk in my home office at my computer looking for work . . . . . which is an all day job huh ?
so i searched on trusty amazon . i know from past experiences of myself and others . . . that a bad car phone charger can ruin your phone . . . so i was hesitant with all the cheap , no name , knock offs . then i saw this one .
in addition to the phones mentioned above , it has also worked well with our motorola droid razr maxx and our blackberry bold .
straightforward to use right out of the box , small and light , sleek in appearance , and highly effective ( i 've used it now on numerous occasions to charge my iphone and ipad , which the nt70t charges quickly without any trouble ) , the nt70t has exceeded my expectations .
also seems to charge nice and fast .
it will look funny 10 years from now when the lights are extinguished .
when i ordered this battery , i was very skeptical of how well it would perform . but i thought for the price , what do i have to lose , a few dollars ? when the battery arrived i threw it on the charger overnight .
it seems to be the best value for the price .
for the price , you really ca n 't beat it .
either way the actual speed is 39 41 kbps and i surely do n 't have the patience for that . one last annoying feature . . .
thank you for your assistance to the consumers ! !
so beware of this usb cable
the clip allows it come out easily but also holds it very securely .
this charger is a great buy for those looking to charge more than one device at a time ( and at it 's super low price . . . it 's still a smart buy even if you only need to charge one device ) . we use it to charge two android phones at once , but have also previously used it to charge an iphone and an android phone together as well .
it hurts my ears every time i turn it on and off .
the clip is very tight , and difficult to slide onto even the thinnest of belts , but i believe this to be an asset ; there is absolutely no way this case will ever slip off your belt .
four stars instead of five because the bud cushions are thin and tear easy .
i love this cable it has handled every compatible device i 've thrown at it while staying out of the way when not needed , or letting me have just enough slack as needed .
i wish i could use it , but it seems to be a perfect fit for an iphone 5 with no case .
now what was a nov 28 , 2008 launch has been back ordered until january , 2009 .
we eventually returned these because they were not staying on my head during workouts .
no sooner after the 2nd case arrived , the bottom half of the 1st case quietly fell off somewhere ( yet to be found ) . i suspect that a few of these cases may be defective prompting at t ; to offload their inventory , and why there 's a boat load of them available here for cheap .
that may change over time as the device breaks in .
you can be sure if this charger comes from amazon you will receive the genuine motorola charger and not some knockoff .
i bought a this cheap case to basically protect the iphone as i moved around .
the button is also entirely too sensitive .
however , do n 't install it in the middle of the dash .
the belt hook is reinforced with metal at the end so it wo n 't fray and get in the way as you try to get it on your belt over time .
so for under $ 10 not a bad product .
i also read one review saying the clip allows the holster to fall off .
i bought these headphones wanting a set i could listen to music with using either my phone or computer .
turns out , the charger works great and also does n 't cut my phone off anymore .
i had used my 8gb microsd to install themes on my phone and they work great , should these could the applications with errors ?
i suppose that they are not as good as $ 100 earphones , but for this price , i do n 't expect them to be .
so , i purchased this antenna and replaced the other one .
it takes like 15 mins to charge too .
i 'm really not a whiny person . but these headphones sure as hell do n 't fit my head comfortably .
i would rate this device a 4 . 5 out of 5 , and the only complain being the power button .
the heat has not caused me an issue , but i am conscious of it and mainly use the sleeve for transportation , not leaving the phone in it all day long . the overall quality is great and the fit is snug like i like it .
some one i worked with showed me their 2 teat phone and it looked new .
i love my iphone 3gs for a lot of reasons , its slim , lightweight , easy to hold . . .
i can use both my hands to look up quotes , and stock while i 'm on the phone without craning my neck .
it has a better more comfortable keyboard .
this is still enough to make the cord on it a little warm i 'd be a bit more concerned if my lighter outlet had constant power , but on my car , it shuts off when you remove the key . still , $ 3 , it 'll serve its purpose until i can get something a bit higher quality .
with those two improvements , i would have given it five stars .
however now , even when trying different earpads , it just wo n 't stay stable if using all day during work .
so it 's a bit of a conundrum . regardless , these work great for me .
good price , but maybe that 's why . . .
product is as described and useful tool .
this cover is just what i was looking for .
i 'm glad i did . this unit works extremely well .
removal requires some work but nothing to be worried about .
snapped off the belt clip in less than a week just getting into a car .
i like that the electric prongs do not collaspe since that is where i have had problems in past .
from previous reviews , it sounds like what you get may depend on who your seller is .
i switched to a different case .
the battery was still at a full 4 bars . 2 . charged my ipad2 and blackberry smart phone simultaneously .
as soon as i plugged this charger in the wall it made a spark .
this battery was cheap and was the exact same battery as what was in the phone ( appears to be blackberry original ) . it fit in my blackberry 8820 perfectly and after charging fully seems to hold the charge longer than the old battery . this seems to be a legitimate replacement battery and works perfectly , it was also super cheap ! ! !
i have purchased many car charges for my phones and this is the only one that has n 't broken .
i like that it is a non slip like product and it still makes my phone look slim . . .
awesome case , my girlfriend loved the case i liked the design .
that 's all i have to say !
it fits anywhere in my scottevest jackets , and i do like the led light and the laser .
right now , it is showing an hour ahead of the real time , and i cannot set the time . the manual that accompanied the phone looked water colored .
paired to my iphone , ipad , lenovo x60 , and android phone without any issues .
there is a slight jiggle to the usb connector end while attached to my phone , though i 'm not sure if this is a fault of the charger or the phone . i would recommend keeping this in a secure location with no undue pressure on the plug .
this one did not charge at all .
i ordered these because i was tired of bundling up all the different usb cables i use at my desk .
cheap and easy to use works great i would recommend this to anyone who does n 't drive a semi as long as theres not a lot of background noise
i found it only adequate in a quiet room .
it keeps my phone together when i drop it and it looks stylish .
this one even rings when you get a call .
often , i have to switch a call back to the phone to avoid losing power and possibly dropping the call .
this is one thing i would ask manufacturers to do , and that is to design better charge remaining indicators .
i typically stack it under my smartphone when on the plane , it 's easy to talk on the phone and charge at the same time .
it has so much interference , that the audio is on and off every 2 seconds .
there are all kinds of configurations on the market but this one handles the slightly higher usb output needed for iphones and ipads yet still works on other electronics such as my htc thunderbolt , and jawbone .
this charged my iphone 4 a time and a half past the normal battery life .
my daughter needed a new ipod charging cable but we did n 't want to buy one in the stores , so glad we found this one online , it is identical to what we 'd get in the stores , works perfectly to charge the ipod and it was a great price .
we have a power monkey and it is nice , but my wife uses that one , and i do n 't like how thick it is in my pocket .
i may try to show you guys a picture because with platonics this design is known to do that .
plus i trust it to deliver the right type of power to my devices .
have n 't tried it with my husband 's ipod touch , so ca n 't say how it works for that device .
says it has a great grip and he no longer fears that his phone will slide out of his hand .
i paired this to my brothers palm pre and it sounded great ( for bluetooth headset ) . overall , i 'm not terribly dissappointed but i wish i waited for a better price . . .
perfect size to fit any briefcase and purse .
i carry the itorch with me everywhere !
you just put this sticky little piece of film by your battery and * viola * you have way better reception ! ! seems to do the trick .
my experience with my old original battery was that i needed a charge every day or even more frequent , so this is a big improvement for a little price . by the way , my order has shipped by webtreo . com .
this is a big , big minus . i do not recommend this item .
bought a different one to replace it . 2 stars because the kickstand was functional .
i 've checked out all of the online support forums for this phone and i have not heard from anyone who has actually done this .
i am currently using similar ones which , though do allow the device to work , do n 't allow all function keys to carry their purpose or softkey support to be accurate .
also the clip is so thin that it 's not good with sweatpants or scrubs .
this was also an improvement over the jabra bt250v . here 's what you need to know about limitations .
this is a nice product but was not big enough for my smart phone with a case on it .
i ca n 't figure out a way to change the inline fuse ( if there is one ) , but it is cheap enough to be used as a disposable car charger .
i was unpleasantly suprized to get my new phone as well as my daughter 's new phone to see that lg changed the charger hook up .
overall this headset is one of the best i have owned , and i own quite a few .
i wasted my money they never charged and i actually think they ruined one of the phones .
i 've had some other cases that i liked , but this one is by far the lightest and most comfortable feel in the hand .
my main issue is the control buttons way too sensitive !
i guess you get what you pay for .
purpose well served and to me kept away dust .
i use this on my nexus 4 . it works and it is cheap .
the only thing it does is make the phone bulkier and a little bit less slippery .
nothing too fancy , i just needed it to charge my ipod touch and it did just that .
not the end of the world , but definitely a crappy case .
needless to say , i kept my beautiful case and holster .
the point is that due to the sleek and smaller size , i can take this everywhere without worrying about the bulk of the larger capacity battery .
after 6 months of occasional use , the thing burned out entirely . for s gs ; i took the thing apart .
the price is good , it is easy to set up and very user friendly .
it also does n 't drop connections with the phone ( a blackberry ) . i 've used a jawbone ( sounds like it 's a shortwave radio transmission ) , nokia bh 900 ( clear but very uncomfortable for all day use ) , and a half dozen others in the last few years , and the others do n 't come close .
it was one of the best holster style i 've seen . . . too bad they did n 't make sure it stood the test of time . the kit comes with additional holders for original iphone and 2nd generation ipod touch .
i opened it and the case was exactly how it was in the picture .
i purchased this case as a replacement for the case my dog chewed up .
it does drop the signal strength and if i am in an area with very weak signal , i just pull it out of the case .
for anyone who is a heavy user of juice , this thing rocks !
other headsets of lower quality seem to be able to handle the wind a little better , even though there is still a lot of noise and you have to wait till you 're out of the wind or use your hand to protect the speaker . overall , you are getting what you pay for .
it retracts so it is both protected and out of my way when not in use which is the reason i got it .
really , nothing else needs to be said here it 's cheap and works just fine .
i was pleasantly surprised . the case is nifty .
the galaxy s3 is a great phone , but its finish is very slippery , and the phone is too easy to drop .
we charged them , connected to the phones and . . .
these chargers have a higher voltage so they will charge your products a little quicker ( i think ) . plug fits very snug on my phone and quality is really there .
however , it is n 't as bright as i would have liked .
if it 's your only case and ur looking for protection pass on this does not protect the phone much .
i really like them , i have six in two different sizes .
he said there was n 't any distortion whatsoever .
a little long for my liking , but if it holds a charge for the stated times in the manual , it 's worth the wait .
bought this because i drive a lot and needed to have my phone be hands free , i 've gotta say i 'm pretty impressed with the quality and durability of this product .
i have so many devices these days and fortunately they are all starting to take the micro usb charging plug .
this product compared to the old screen protected is extremely poor quality .
i agree with other reviews about the design features and charging options but those things come secondary if static over takes them .
if damage is done , the warranty is void .
any idea where one might be ?
nothing 's perfect , but so far , so good ( and alltel has a 30day money back guarantee or exchange deal , so nothing 's lost here ) .
i was near a construction zone and my gf could n 't hear the noise . great size and style , definitely a beautiful look .
if you can get it withouth bubbles comingup it works great .
that makes the keyboard completely useless on the iphone 3gs with ios4 . there is a video posted on youtube where another person had the same problem . if anyone was able to get it to work properly with an iphone 3gs with ios4 , please let me know how you were able to do it .
bought this for my wife , nice that it has incorporated charging cables .
it is lacking a little in the bass frequencies , but that to me is an acceptable tradeoff for not having the cord . battery life after all this time is excellent , and with occasional use i only have to charge it once a month or so . the set is also a hands free device for your cell phone , and people i have called with it say they have no problem hearing me .
the photo is not of the product advertised ! ! ! the charger is wonderful and is , in fact , a rapid charger ( unlike some advertised as such that take 3 hours in the car to get your charge back .
the material and craftsmanship while poor , performs adequately well and is of a more than reasonable price .
it is very stylish and i received many compliments
i waited for almost 3 weeks and the charger never showed up .
what a deal ! ! of course it works just as it should .
i 've upgraded again , and it continues to work .
the charging time is also quite good .
to be fair , the sound quality was reported to to be very good , but the drawbacks far outweigh the pluses .
i was in my local att store looking at iphones and asked about cases .
i got two of these to have on hand since i have a cat that likes to chew cords .
does n 't stay on even if you figure out how to get it on .
the cable will stop at varying lengths , but to retract it must be extended to full length .
the noise is only really noticeable when it is quiet late at night .
i 've had a few bluetooth headsets over the past few years , and this is easily the best one i 've used so far . the main talking points have already been covered to death , so i 'm just going to give you a couple of reasons why i love it . first and foremost , it pairs to two devices .
the itorch has in the short time i 've owned it proven it 's worth .
the rubbery edge sticks up far enough that you do n 't have to worry about the screen when you lay the phone face down .
does what it is supposed to .
it 's ok , but i would pay more to get better ( and more consistent ) sound quality .
works good i have a child that likes to chew on anything so i go through phone cords like no other and buying cheap is great for me
i believe this is a great design feature as it means i do n 't need to carry any extra or special chargers . one thing i always struggle with when charging my galaxy nexus is that the nexus does n 't always see these third party devices as an ac charger .
who wants to be putting too many things in one socket .
the others do n 't bother me , but this one does . otherwise it works fine .
after using it a couple of days , i decided to return it as i 'm sure the iphone 's back would either be scratched or even cracked without proper protection .
i liked the material and looks good ; but it is a little too tight fitting and it is not possible to take your phone out easily .
i just hate it when brick and mortar retailers think that they can abuse you just because you 're in their store .
requires too much effort to get it right .
on those weekends when i barely use the phone , it loses a bar of indicated charge , if that , over a day and a half . perfectly packaged , promptly shipped well done , a1 accessories !
the charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my samsung galaxy s3 . they really need to start making these chargers better . . . . i 've been thru several ! ! ! !
it 's possible that it 's just me .
i 've had it for a month and now i get more talk time thanks to this battery .
and is not as fast as the new chargers .
what a waste of my time and money .
overall this is a nice simple case .
and it was the best decision i 've ever made ! simple to use , not too bulky , attractive and you can hear everything very clearly !
i 'm wondering if these cords compatible with the iphone 3gs .
i 've had 4 bluetooth headsets over the last 5 or so years , and this one is the best and was the least expensive .
i highly recommend this case to all even if not hard on phones , our iphones are 300 . 00 investments better have good case for them . bought on amazon was easy and had good way of tracking shipping info .
hubby likes his , back to square one for me .
the volume doesnt get that high for music , and the sound can be a little tinny at times .
they sell these at the dollar stores .
it took little while to receive them from supplier .
i have dropped my phone and nothing was damaged . but , here 's the thing the cover fits around and protects the phone in the back , and on the sides .
do not buy waste of money
i 've charged my nexus s 4g three times from completely dead using the imp70d , and still had power to spare .
when i compared the two chargers , they were identical .
i 'm not going to fault plantronics , because i 've used their products before in an office environment and they were very dependable .
when i originally wrote the review i stated that this charger actually worked .
the colors are ok but the price was great . )
the phone fell from 15 feet hit the ground and works still like it did when out of the box !
i bought this as a spare charger in my laptop bag for both my kindle fire and my blackberry 9900 and it works great .
after 10 months of moderate use , the serviceable charge time of my samsung has dropped from disappointing to worthless .
i had this headset originally , and then lost it .
i 've had this for about a month and it works perfect !
the galaxy s3 has the port on the bottom which does n 't work out nearly as well since my phone would have to stay upside down .
they are detachable so you can swap out other usb cords .
i got this because i had to use a non bluetooth cell phone for a while and i prefer talking hands free . pros confortable .
i paid for four chargers , after 5 days the charger isnt working , now i am down to 3 , this is not right , so people , pay the $ 20 buck for an original apple charger you will be better off .
it charges fine and works just like the old one ( my tips all fit and it passes plenty of current ) . it just did n 't meet my needs .
i do not listen at max volumes since i do not want to cause hearing damage .
the charger looks cheap but it is not that cheap to brake after months of usage .
took me extra time just to figure out how to open the six !
nor will it take you to the phone book .
i would like to start off by saying that this product is what i ordered and i have no complaints about shipping or the condition of the product when it came to my house , the problem i do have is the micro usb cable that comes with the charger .
have been using this unit for over a year and for the most part , i like it . pros easy bt connection to my lg vx8300 . easy to carry in your pocket .
this worked good but the ear pieces were all much too large to fit in the ear of a smaller person .
locally , my t mobile store carries this one . i own all of these . 3 is probably the best quality , but it 's very large and bulky .
ca n 't beat it for the price .
i had seen some with lcd display that looked interesting .
i can even put it into my docking station or the iphone holder in my car ! let me say again it looks great too )
i asked amazon for a refund or replacement , but al from from customer service emailed me this , unfortunately , more than 30 days have passed since you received this item , and we are not able to provide a replacement .
got this case when i bought my gnote and i must say it looked sexy and great !
imagine the smile when you hand over one of your prized moto chargers and tell them to keep it .
this one is the first one that worked properly . it is easy to use , more full featured than most ( with the ability to attached a charging cable ) , and looks and sounds perfect . i have tried it with 2 separate ipod touches , 2 different nanos , an ipod classic , and an iphone .
i have been to maine in acadia state park a few times and turned geotagging on my phone .
folks , learn the hard lesson i 've learned , only order items frm prime certified sellers .
quality is good no complaints otherwise .
i pop it back and still working like a charm . the music sound quantity is not the best in the market .
the battery life , on the other hand , is great .
imp52dgood there are a lot of things that i like about this battery pack .
this is my second purchase of the elago cases and it wont be my last !
i gave it 2 stars because it had a pretty design .
i have been using this charger for over one year .
quite a contrast from my wife 's crap motor oh no v3m razr phone . ( in comparison to my samsung u900 , another winner ) . one thing i neglected to mention .
if you are looking for some basic wireless head phones , then these are the ones you should buy simply because of the price .
i 'm very happy , especially for the low price .
important note the gooseneck tube on this item seems like it is solid and non adjustable .
she continually has calls dropped , so i got her this signal booster , and it has n 't made a bit of difference .
next time i would get an over the head pair .
it has been great to me so far with charging my phone and ipad off of it .
battery life is good and charging is easy . if buying another one , i would look for one that can sit more securely on my ear , but i would have no problems sticking with this brand .
the case looked great and snapped on tight .
it charged up fully in about 3 hours after i received it .
while waiting for my order to arrive , i read a negative review about a terrible echo .
i 'm using this with two phones ; my sony ericsson w580i and my blackberry 8310 . pros first off , the sound quality of this headset is awesome .
it feels very comfortable , the audio is great and the set up is a piece of cake !
i have had experience putting screen protectors on phones for several years .
i have to squeeze in to the cradle to make sure it comes in contact with the charging ends .
she likes going out without a purse or wallet , but would like to hold her id and credit card on her , and she does manage to fit both cards in this case , but it is a very tight fit . i use my case to hold my id card for work .
initially it is a great charger at a great price .
no problems with it and it actually looks pottery cool when it 's plugged in .
i recommend it . i was n 't really crazy about the usb cable that came with it .
then i released one side at a time and used my finger to smooth the film to each side .
this neck piece was recommended on purchase of my latest headset so i tried it out .
which lets face it , if you 're spending this sort of money on a wireless set , yup , they 're going to feel cheap . range , microphone quality , fit , all very acceptable .
my drive to work is 45 mins if my phone has 50 battery by the time i get to work it only charges up to 70 when other chargers i 've had charges up to 100 .
it was really nice , but there were a few quirks .
it automatically reboots it instead of turning it off completely .
i think my old one died because i had it loose in a bag and i think one of the parts may have been hit by something too .
i do n 't think it 's the cable at all , which is working very well at charging the phone .
the only other issue i have is the unit keeps cutting in and out .
they worked for the job i originally purchased them for . the plastic pry guide is useless .
charged it fully right out of the box and then started using it .
i w0uld recommend this to everyone interesting is a good quality bluetooth .
i can run on the treadmill and not have to worry about knocking the wires out of my iphone anymore or the headsets ever feeling like they 're going to fall off .
but its a u2 which is fine it will replace the cable i use with my computer less clutter on my desk and i ll use the old one as my spare room charger now .
typically only have 1 bud in my ear at a time and no issues with it falling out , etc .
you also get 5 in a pack instead of 2 for 15 that apple charges .
i received the case in 3 workday , speedy delivery , and the item is in good condition . better protection for my htc , really doing me a big faver . nice case , highly recommend .
sounds is really great compared to other headsets .
you can never have too many usb chargers .
i paid about $ 90 for this .
i 've bought several hard cases for my note2 and this one is my favorite .
the cheap ones are completely worthless you might as well try using the phone with gloves on .
only a few drawbacks the volume and call buttons are a little hard to manipulate , and it would be nice if the unit could be held tighter against my head .
however , for such a low price , that really does n 't matter to me .
i have not had any dead usb ports .
which , unfortunately , resulted in a lot of accidental button pushing and disconnecting calls . i saw these on amazon and thought they were worth trying .
great for phone repair or and small electronics .
i used these headphones on my htc hero .
remember to unplug it when you get out of your car , so a thief is n 't enticed by the glow and breaks out your window .
i think that using this cell phone signal booster is worth a shot , but do n 't expect it to solve all of your reception problems . edit we 've been using this for awhile now , and both my husband and i agree that it does help with the lackluster cell phone reception at our house .
i will be looking to new trent first when i need another battery backup .
with that said it is one of the best built unit i have purchased from amazon and i would give it 8 stars if it had a second usb plug .
pros good tool set if you need to take things apart . cons they came in a plastic bag ( no case ) they 're extremely flimsy plastic that makes me feel like if i use them over 10 times , they 're going to break . i do n 't recommend this at all and would recommend you buy something other than this .
please , please please save yourself the money and do not buy this cable .
the imp 500 still has hours of charges left after charging my droid and ipod touch .
these look just like the real deal . only problem is that it might or might not work . if it does work , it works like a champ . if it does n 't work , then you just wasted a dollar . most stores will charge you $ 10 for one of these cables . i think it 's worth the purchase
what can i say , this bluetooth is comfortable to wear , cool to look at and it comes with everything you need ( you wo n 't be looking for a case to keep it in , etc . ) . first off , this bluetooth is different than what i was used to in that it does not hook over your ear , but it goes inside your ear .
i love these power cords so much i order them in groups of 3 from this seller . the length of this cord is long enough to be plugged in and still use your phone . i place these cords in every room , every bag and every car .
this has to be one of the best leather cases i 've ever had ( i go through cases or clips like paris hilton probably does herpecin l )
if it were n 't for this they would be a great pair of blue tooth headphones .
however , i do n 't like my cell to be out of power during traveling )
i really wish it had a lightning adapter so that i could keep my charger plugged into my outlet .
i 've been able to squeeze about three full charges for my iphone 4s out of the device .
it 's not as loud as the im600 , but it 'll do in our house .
i had a motorola droid and one of these oem motorola spn5334a chargers that i loved , because the cord was so long , 6' . i gave my original droid to my son when i got the new samsung droid charge , but kept the charger .
definitely recommended for anyone who needs a key for the sim tray .
i like this dealer , sfplanet , and have purchased from them before .
the volume sits a little below half and i can hear perfectly in the car .
if you need a bluetooth handsfree for your car this thing is the way to go .
overall , i would recommend for the money .
so i 've had the case for about two months now . . .
amazon has the newer , hard to find elsewhere , batteries at a great price .
bought this one as a replacement for my wife 's blueant z9i .
i did contact otterbox about this problem and they were nice enough to send me a new case , no questions asked .
they only drawback is it takes a bit of time to trim them to fit .
leave one home and one at the office , phone is not far from a charger .
as a builder my work environment tends to get dusty a lot , i like these .
i still used the old iphone as an ipod and alarm clock .
so if you are with t mobile forget about 3g . if your wondering why i gave it a top rating is because the phone is great .
after connecting it and displaying the charging symbol about 2 minutes later it warned me the device does not support charging .
with my old battery , even though it showed good battery charge and i would leave it on the charger overnight the charge would only last part of a day on standby .
you ca n 't carry a conversation when you 're driving with the windows down .
i bought this to relieve pressure on the usb jack in my phone as well as to give my charging solution a clean look . it 's cheap , simple , and i expect it to last a long time ( motorola makes great cables in my experience ) .
it works mostly good , and it is b3etter than the h820 that i own .
i thought a fuse was blown inside the unit but when i attempted to change it , i 've noticed that it does n 't come apart like most vehicle chargers .
after about a two weeks , it stopped working .
i was looking for a holder for my iphone and this one is great !
and last but not least , the reception .
i was very frustrated but i recieved an email from the company apologizing for the faulty devices .
too cheap to do anything with so it goes to the landfill .
the audio improves after the first few seconds of the call , for whatever reason , and people at the other end sometimes comment on the 34 ; bad connection 34 ; and sometimes do n 't .
yes , the bars on my sprint phone do jump a tad when i turn this on , but it 's barely noticeable and certainly not worth the exorbitant price .
i would n 't say it exactly looks good though .
i ordered this piece in both black and white to match the cases i have .
long wire so that you can put your phone in your pocket no problem .
i can go several days on one charge .
for the price of the phone it 's not a bad product at all .
if the vas button ca n 't make contact with your face , the unit is useless .
i thought i was getting the hard case and the cover , but this was only the cover .
pros looks nice , relatively cheap . cons fragile belt clip and leather clasp . for the price , you get a holster that will last you approximately 4 6 months , assuming you do n 't break the belt clip .
ca n 't comment on battery life have n 't had to charge it again yet .
it worked very well for a long time , but recently the sound quality is beginning to wane , making it hard to hear .
at night it 's no distraction either .
i was hoping for a blue tooth that will connect to more than one phone .
the case is not white , its more of a silver .
they shattered the phone screen twice and spent a lot of money getting it replaced .
the second one would not stay together on my phone kept falling apart .
lastly , if you had to reposition it , good luck getting the bubbles ( hazyness ) out .
this is exactly as described and worked great for the broken screen .
i purchased two to replace a broken charger .
i 'm assuming that it must have been designed for males with larger heads .
the wire is pretty thin and after lots of usage it eventually stopped working .
you buy a cheap case , you 're going to get cheap case quality .
hopefully one of nokia 's beautiful new smartphones that really deserve the name will be more affordable by then .
the price is unbelievable for a genuine motorola product .
i really like the fact that its a magnetic closure .
i had to replace an older d link usb that just did n 't seem to work at all on both our mac 's and pc 's ( i had two d link 's ) . i had hoped this hub would actually work unlike the d link hub and it does the job great ! i bought two and hooked one up to the pc and the other to the mac and plugged 7 devices into each .
using the imp500 i was able to continue reading past 12 hours , plus it was 3 4 charged when i disconnected the nook .
the lcd protector did not fit my phone from the start .
it 's not overly bright but it worked well in a pinch in a tent .
this blue light is extremely bright for its size and may need to be covered if you are sleeping in the same room with it .
it continues to get worse so that i have to wrap the cord around the phone and do other things to make sure it is plugged in at a certain angle .
i just received my otterbox and after all the positive reviews on amazon i 'm glad i chose it .
this must be a sick joke by motorola .
this product is a waste of your time and money .
when i got my new lg xenon through amazon , they sent me a new sim card , too .
i found the ear tips hard to fit ( my ear is between a medium and large ) i will contact bose for suggestions .
the model is both light and easy to operate .
seems sturdy though only time will tell .
there are no problems whatsoever when it comes to the use and whether the charger works .
i would recommend this seller and product to anyone .
the bluetooth radius is true to specifications as long as you do n 't have a major object blocking the connection like multiple walls .
the added capacity that the battery pack provides gave me more than enough power to be unplugged from the wall for the whole day and more . overall , i am very impressed with the itorch imp52d and i would recommend it to anyone looking for a usb battery pack .
you have clear touch to all your buttons , at least i do .
first off , the rating is 1 star only because i ca n 't leave it at 0 . i got this phone over the iphone because of the lack of mms and qwerty keypad on the iphone .
this is the second care charger i 've had in as many years .
it is a little noisy though , squeaking at times while i use it .
all i need to do is the put the phone in the pod . .
it had the screen going out , turning rainbowish colors .
these are as described , but the plastic is a bit harder than the tool these are replacing .
it charges my ipod touch all the way when it 's run down .
this is the second one i have purchased and it stayed together pretty well for over a year , losing only a few jewels along the edge after much time and use , in and out of the purse daily and dropped a few times .
believe me when i tell you that i tried nearly all the bluetooth headsets out there , they were either falling off my ear , not loud enough or just yuppy junk .
this is important for two reasons 1 ) i wear glasses so , it 's nice not to have to deal with a loop , 2 ) i think having the earpiece so close to my inner ear precludes me from having to turn up the volume .
i was able to hear the other side just fine .
pros very adjustable for different size phones and has a pretty nice reach and stays on the windshield nicely . consthe only problem i have is i had to glue the two peaces together because the backing kept coming off when i was removing my phone several time .
battery life is about 5 hours when you first get it ; within a month or so it drops down to about 45 minutes on a full charge before the damn thing starts beeping ( low battery indication ) at you until it turns off after another 30 minutes or so .
since the phone antennae 8217 ; s have changed , i haven 8217 ; t been able to notice any significa n 't improvements with these installed or without them .
worked great when it worked , but no longer working properly .
this is one of the best bluetooth accessories you can have for any type of cell phone .
you plug it in , push a few buttons and it 'll tell you how much juice the device ( s ) are sucking up .
i will admit up front that i am on my 3rd pair of these iphone ready headphones i love the fit and i think the sound quality is more than acceptable for earbuds , but i 've lost two previous pairs to the same flaw awfully flimsy jack that is tiny and not properly reinforced .
if you have the skill , the tools are great and very complete .
i still have not figured it out how to connect to both of them simultaneously . pluses 1 . sound quality is outstanding .
rather than resending another , merchant finally agreed to a refund .
you 'd think you you could charge multiple items by getting just this kit .
it charged well and the battery lasted a long time .
the connection is now loose and will only charge my phone if i hold it in at a certain angle .
have not used this but i have used car charges before and i makes it very nice to be able to re charge while driving and it arrived right on time .
but by no means a big deal !
highly recommend this product and the site as well .
the one exception is the belt clip .
but no extra stars for the sound quality .
good deal , works fine for my purposes .
i tried useing it a couple of times and then went and bought a bluetooth .
works great with my samsung galaxy s3 . only way to improve it would be to make the cord a little longer .
it has been a reliable device with decent battery life .
pros great sound quality , lightweight , durable , discrete , controls on the sides and affordable .
if you wiggle the cable it will eventually connect but the moment you touch the device it will drop the connection .
i gave this headset to my wife and she uses it all the time .
got this for my wife to charge her htc evo 4g phone .
bluetooth comes with lots promises , but only with iphone , this product really sees the light !
this is not convenient to use as there is n 't a place to store it .
this was a god send , i 'm so glad i purchased this at such great price . basically what happened was that my charger had messed up and it was attached to a usb wall adapter . so i bought this chord and it works just fine .
also i have n 't had any complaints from other friends i 've talked to with the headset .
i had a few older jabra sets , including wired pieces , and this one is by far the best and most comfortable .
charges fast and is very portable .
i read reviews on the internet and decided that this was the unit i wanted in my price range .
i have owned 2 of these and its the best bluetooth i have used .
if customer service doesnt pick up , im going else where .
no complaints love it nice very bright glowing motorola sign cords nice n long been using it for a while no no malfunctions strongly recommend for car charging needs
be careful ordering a clip only , they make one that does not fit the phone if the case is on it .
it does nothing to improve your signal .
i got this a few months ago and it has been great so far for all my long and short trip . even works great on the plane . pros it can charge my ipad 2 and iphone 4s without any problems . it holds a charge for long periods of time . lightcons it 's glossy black which leaves finger prints .
the range at the building i work is less than 100 feet , not a problem for my use .
however , my perception is that it is cheap plastic looking because it is shiny .
given as a gift to someone who had reception problems at home .
who knows maybe a more expensive one does a better job .
this earpiece is absolutely terrific , i love it , it 's so light weight and convenient . . it feels like your wearing nothing .
i would pick up my phone the case would pop off so i would be holding the case the phone on the ground .
the only thing is the set they set me is yellow but overall great product .
my husband no longer complains about not being able to hear me when he calls .
draw back to this case is the belt clip which started to tear off after about a week of use .
it was more expensive , but it simply works and that 's worth it !
the only thing i did n 't like about this is that it does double the thickness of the iphone 3g , but for an extended battery life i did n 't mind it that much .
i would highly recommend this hub you ca n 't find anything as nice for the price that is powered .
and this kit saves you over $ 20 vs the almost identical battery pack featured elsewhere on amazon .
that 's it nothing else to say have a great summer
looking for a simple , easy to use phone , get this one !
i have owned this blue tooth device for over a year now , and love it ! ! !
sound quality is good enough for me , though the bass can be better .
if you have problems with dropping your phone , this case is an okay choice and fashionable choice !
usually not the case for a small pocket point and shoot camera .
it seems like kind of an iffy item .
if you are considering buying similar protectors for more money , please do n 't .
if my phone was lying on a piece of furniture within two feet of the headset , i could usually get passable quality and occassionally get clear reception .
if in the pocket i can get it out , unflipped and talking on the phone before the call cancels ( it 's close though ) . thought the flip close was wierd at first , but probably the best interface , would n 't want to have to mess with a button to wakeup connect .
i 'm not sure about the longevity of the product as i 've only had it for a month but so far so good with every day use .
the nokia e71 cell phone is one of the best teams in the nokia company because of its design and general characteristics , compact design is no doubt that external elegance and all applications make it a mobile office wherever you are . cell phone 100 recommended . thanks . . . )
i had no idea when purchasing this product that it would not fit on the arm of anyone under 400 pounds .
i like the charger because its an easy way to charge my samsung phone works great and also can use in my car .
she still has minor issues with the headset , but overall she likes it . we decided not to return the headset because i did pair it with my iphone 3g , after three attempts , without using the passcode .
all you have to do is line up the battery with the 2 metal things and find the sweet spot !
i bought 1 pack of 5 and they are just as good as any $ 13 pack .
for me , it was a total waste of money as the shipping costs alone are likely far more than the product is worth .
this baby is going back . this is my 5th headset in as many weeks .
this case is 3 separate pieces ( versus just 2 from a store ) , and is the first i 've found that protects the case around the buttons .
for that , it takes a long time .
even having a big phone the case makes it feel small and easy to handle . it gives great protection can even take a drop or a slip out of the hand .
i 've never been happy with its performance it was small and light , but at freeway speeds i just could not hear the other party . i purchased this headset four days ago .
but in few months one of them stopped working . that 's 50 hit rate .
it is worth $ $ $ rather than pay for a service call .
you got what you pay for .
so i found my stowaway ( quicker than i thought i might ! ) , did not load the software that came with it ( as the instructions tell you to do ) , but just decided to see if it would sync with my playbook .
brilliant design , fits anywhere , so much less than other mounts which cost twice or more , and do the very same thing . lack of instructions might confuse .
pitch and speed temporarily increase when unit tries to catch up to realtime disorienting .
never noticed a difference between them , they all work the same .
i am a tester for new trent they sent me this , and i loved how it slid right into my pocket .
i 've had this charger for over a year , it gets very light use and it stopped working .
my office mate may get a signal here and there but it always cuts out pretty quickly .
the participles for a good device is there but they need to improve on the design and make a lot more comfortable before people can start enjoy using it .
its really hard to put on but it does the job , it will start coming off within 3 months so the pack of 3 should last you around a year , it was good for the money .
i dropped my phone 3 times the first day ( and i still had the smartclip in my hand ) . avoid .
this is a very good case .
parrot recommends a place on thier site . ) , sounds good , and easy to use .
as soon as they hang up , i do n 't have to hit any buttons , the headset automatically start my music where it left off .
problem with ear buds when you run is sweat makes them slip out , so this is a good alternative .
i would like to see a hard connection instead .
i bought this for my daughter to use as a cover for her phone .
it broke trying to unplug it .
very interesting to see what items are energy hogs and which are n 't .
they never responded . update 10 09 10 they finally responded by email so i changed my rating from 1 to 3 . mike ny
i will never worry about the power going out again or getting caught with no charger ! !
i have tried washing them with soap and water , but after about 2 months of doing this , the gels seem to lose their shape and just spin rather loosely on the speaker post .
i had one side stop working , but after 24 hours they were back to normal .
the company was going to give me a refund but then told me fully charge is actually blue .
the result is callers will have trouble hearing you and you will sound all garbled up and choppy .
one for trips , one for office convenient and affordable .
i was highly skeptical as i have been buying bluetooth headsets like crazy trying to find one that worked , and they 're all pretty much junk .
i returned my jawbone after just one very frustrating day . all control buttons are hidden from view and touch .
i consider mophie a life saver .
it seems to charge my phone well and fast . i like the compact size .
i felt the motorola name that came along with 900 reviews was enough to make this a good purchase never mind the price under twenty bux ?
the beltclip is very snug , and will not slip off even an active person 's belt , i should n 't think .
i 'm not hard of hearing , but i would love it if i could turn the volume up higher .
this battery restored an old psp to excellent condition .
it is a great case for the iphone 3gs and , in my opinion , worth more than the price .
for a rapid charger , i have not found it to be very rapid in my environment .
i got it on straight this time but once again ended up with a piece of dust on the underside of the protector and the rainbow effect was still there . do n 't waste your money on these .
if you are looking for a charging cable , look elsewhere , even for under two dollars , these cables are simply not worth it .
overall , this item is well worth the investment .
when i got my 3gs iphone 19 months ago , i made the mistake of purchasing an overpriced , metal cover from the at t ; store .
both appear to have the same issue with mic placement which makes them virtually useless for use as a phone headset unless you are in a very quiet area .
i had the worst experience with elago .
it never sat well on my ear , no matter how i adjusted it .
it doesnt make your phone that much bigger really .
i can hear very well and those that i talk to actually hear me very loud that they have to turn their phone volume down .
it fits all phones with micro sd connections . as i stated in my review title buy it , you wo n 't regret it !
this was not even an issue when i had speakerphone on . i would probably give this 2 1 2 stars .
at bedtime , just drop the tour into this stand .
it does what it is supposed to do but it is really bright during night hours and a bit distracting .
then i removed the backing on the outer side , pressed and polished .
i purchased this item from amazon ( not a 3rd party ) and was surprised to get a full retail package . the plug design looks very cool , in my humble opinion .
they were paper , and used cheap glue that did n 't allow a clean peel off , so the screen protector was basically useless . ( why is it that products made in china seem to only use cheap glue ? ) so that freebie ai n 't so great . if i were to do it over , i 'd probably go to a nearby discount store and get a cheapo silicone case for a couple of bucks less .
i would have given it four stars if it had the release buttons , and five stars if it was gold plated , but what do you expect for the price .
the battery can last for a week when in standby mode . for normal use , it 's 3 to 4 days . still , i think how long it can be used depends on how you use it . the time you charge it for first use is important . also , keep it from charging to long . that will shorten its life .
due to the price , i was hesitant .
as a long time user of walmart earbuds , this was a big step up in quality without the big step in price .
the cords are adecent length ; since the device is portable a long cord is n 't necessary . before even reading the instructions , i set up the unit to charge inexcitement .
pairing it with your phone is easy , it can be really loud if you need it to be , i usually have mined turned like half way up .
everything else is great . pairs quickly with my nextel i870 . i lost my plantronics 510 , so will fall back to this unit until i can find the latest earpiece that has received good reviews .
this battery pack fully charges in about 2 . 5 3 hours . my first test was my iphone battery indicator at 29 , plugged this in and left it for about 1 hours 35 minutes .
for the price , ya ca n 't beat what you get here .
when i received it i quickly noticed how flimsy the plastic was .
the charging pad is smaller then i thought , its smaller than a mouse pad .
my problem with them is due to my usage .
i use it with a generic usb charger that i picked up from fry 's ( i 'm sure you can find them online as well ) , and it appears to work just as well as the original samsung charger that came with my phone .
i tried bending it so it hangs down from my ear and then swings forward to my mouth , but the center of gravity still tries to swing to the lowest point , so i 'd not a boom twice as long as this for that plan to really work .
i bought this product hoping that it would provide some privacy when riding the train to work everyday .
does n 't matter what setting i use , it 's just awful .
reviews on this product were very good but there was one piece that would have likely broke easily per reviews and for this price point i decided to return it .
then again , i did not buy this for the flashlight so it will get minimal use from me . as a portable battery pack , this performs excellently and has helped me and my coworkers equally as well .
one of my biggest gripes was the film coming off of the screen , and another gripe was oil and fingerprints accumulating over time .
and it 's easy to use , you just use the same charging cable that came with your iphone . the only minor down side is most cases wo n 't work with it .
that was 2 years of daily service , so not an issue .
pair it with a spare battery .
first of all , i must start out by saying that i am a little surprised that this little mechanical device is even necessary with all of the technological advances out there these days .
i do n 't know . there are some nice things about the juice pack though it fits pretty flush and feels nice .
my wife and i have both had igo equipment and although the idea is good , the parts are kind of pricey and the power units failed ( died ) in 1 year or less for both of us .
i purchased several they work great for me , only down fall is the foam buds and rubber ear insert come off easily .
i 've tried all the newest jawbone products starting with the era , which i tried 3 before giving up on that , i tried the icon , also tried three of those and still did n 't have the noise assassin as advertised in the commercials , then i tried the prime and it totally lives up to jawbones claim to fame of the noise assassin .
which is about half of what they boast .
in addition , it dramatically diminishes the clarity and the screen looks slightly blurred .
i would not recommend it , plus it 's pricey !
my previous nokia e71 battery lasted nearly three years , and just got weak .
even the slightest breeze makes it unusable , thats my only complaint .
so great battery life so far . . . cons after a while ( an hour or so ) it start hurting the upper part of my ear .
i have a hisense sero 7 pro tablet and a nexus 4 . i took it on a trip from north missouri all the way down to lawton , ok and it was able to keep both charged at 100 the tablet was tackling navigation and pandora duties while the n4 was handling phone and hotspot . if i needed another , i 'd not hesitate to purchase one of these again !
the range is pretty poor and i 've had a few instances of brief stuttering with my iphone 4 in my jeans pocket ( in its case ) ; however , those intermittent issues are an acceptable trade off for wireless convenience when working around the house or yard .
sometimes it works , sometimes it does n 't .
they also have good sound quality .
upon close inspection , i there was a multitude of scratch marks on it .
i had high hopes for these headphones , based on the reviews .
this was n 't a problem with my original charger , so it 's a little annoying .
charged my phone to 100 and is convenient when you do n 't have your charger with you or an outlet nearby .
i ordered this case for my dad . . . needed a professional look .
apparently , that reviewer only wanted it for music , even though that 's not what he stated .
used it while driving to test sound clarity and it passed .
not the item that 's pictured here !
this product definitely provides unsurpassed protection .
have no complaints ca n 't expect it to exceed the capabilities of my phones original battery
at first i thought it does n 't have wall charger etc and found a better price at verizonwireless .
shortly after i got this cord , it went out .
i now have them in all cars and they work fantastic .
no more wear and tear on the usb data pins , need i say more . . . . . . .
the cord was over 4 feet and , at least for me , the perfect size .
but if you do n 't want to look like a fast food worker then the blue ant is the way to go .
i like the device to have a nice clear sound , to be easily charged ( less than 12 hours please ) , to not need to be charged after every phone call , and for the button to answer calls to work every time , not just when it feels like it .
i am currently on my second charger .
i needed something to use for stereo while at the gym .
i 've been using this headset for about two weeks with a blackberry 8700c .
for the money spent on it , it is a very good deal . it is useful in the car , when your mobile is on low battery .
yea , maybe they 'll work , but even when they 're not knocking around ur collar , they are still uncomfortable with the imbalance of weight .
as one might expect the loose clip broke after a month . fortunately it has loops too , so it 's still usable .
i do n 't have a lot to say about this basic phone with caller id . for the price ( 11 . 00 delivered ) i do n 't know if you could do better . sound build quality seem fine . comments about phone 's base being lifted up falling when you answer call , is operator error .
if i could i would replace the five stars with just two for the lack of durability .
i have many other devices that charge via usb , so i 'll be keeping this one since it 's got the 2 slots , but i 'll be getting a different one just for the ipad .
only thing was it did take almost 2 weeks to get shipped to me .
it also does n 't do well with more complicated sketches where you need to work with some fine lines .
i actually ripped it off and cut off the edges a couple of millimetres all around the protector and they cooperate better . overall , i could not recommend this product because of it 's lack of true protection found in the ballistic and ionic cases ( with three layers and two layer , respectively ) . spend a couple more dollars and get an upgrade .
also the product is fully charged after about 5 hours charging it does n 't really deliver as it promised .
if you have a samsung galaxy s2 or s3 and need a back up or replacement car charger , i highly recommend this purchase .
this one i have only used the ac adapter the battery life is at best abysmal .
i have had no problems out of it i love the blue light !
as a result , it can charge at the maximum rate possible .
they told me it works very well .
then i started hearing a lot of static noice ( i was not walking around , sitting next to my laptop ) . bottom line , do n 't waste your money , there is a reason this headset was so cheap .
i put on the music on my ipod , and wow .
so far the phone charges fast and the life is much better than the 2 year old battery it replaced .
i like it because you can charge too items at once via usb cord .
what more can i say about a battery ?
it 's a bit on a short side and probably best suited for connecting the phone to a laptop .
this pouch has become coveted by fellow mountain bikers who do it without protection . . .
i highly reccommend acquiring a short pocket if you do not already have one .
of course some were more style than function , so i continued looking for one that would provide both .
after that , i threw this one in the trash . .
great item a cheap price .
got this product really fast it was packaged really well .
it fits just fine , but is a little bulky and not exactly what i was wanting .
they work perfectly fine , they just get stuck in the phone and sometimes i have to roughly attach and disconnect the cord .
it 's that good and i definitely recommend this for anyone who wants good protection , comfort and style .
doing so pops it off ( at least off the plastic surface , not sure about windshield ) . but so far , while driving and holding my galaxy s2 phone , it 's been sturdy .
i refuse to pay for data plans ( i 'm constantly around wi fi so data plans do n 't do much for me ) . but , i also wanted a decent phone .
the ht 820 's that moto makes are the best ive ever owned .
will wait to see if it works in a few months .
my first one lasted more than a year and the phone still looks brand new . and as for the light duty comment .
then i realized there was no plug included .
i would recommend this if you are looking to save money on electricity and want to find those power draining devices .
while its true this comes with no cables , it is an easy way to organize and hide your existing adapters while looking rather unique and stylish . thankfully i purchased this on sale .
as many recent reviews have noted , this thing stretched out for me after about a month and now no longer aligns properly with the earpiece , sensors , and buttons .
this case would be ok if it fit .
over all i would give the product a 5 out of 5 .
the main difference is that the led light on mine is long and narrow , rather than a single led point as shown in the photo .
maybe new trent could just use dimmer bulbs in the future as there is no need for such bright ones .
good way to keep using your phone after the usb input breaks so you ca n 't charge it .
since it is generic it tends not to want to sync data sometimes .
if you leave it attached , then it sticks out and i ca n 't use my protective case on my phone .
never received a refund . tells you what kind of seller you 're dealing with .
she drove several miles to a restaurant .
none of these pointing devices last a lifetime , but i 've used my pogo stick for well over a year , none the worse for wear .
this new case is even better .
the cover and battery came new as listed , however once i inserted the replacement battery and tried to put on the cover that came with it , i immediately started having problems .
however i thought the charger was a disconnected charger to where the cable could come off the base and connect to a computer so i 'll have to order another charger that does what i need it to do .
i got not one single bubble !
i got mine for 20 off at a brick and mortar compusa going out of business sale , but i 'll buy another one for full retail if this one ever kicks the bucket . ( i do , however , have one huge caveat motorola 's customer service is extremely terrible , and i will only buy fairly disposable items from them , i . e .
of course i am clueless about chemistry .
i had problem with it for a while ; it kept dropping signals .
i fully charged it and i 've been able to juice up my iphone 4s at least 5 times from an almost dead battery , and the backup pack is still reporting a full charge .
from my experience , it lives up to what is described from new trent .
the price was decent , but it is just a bit too big for ladies' small handbags .
i do not like the look and the fit but it works fine .
have n 't had any complaints on microphone sound quality etc .
i have two of these items one for the kitchen counter , and one for the bedroom stand .
when you run your finger along the front screen , it is not as smooth as the glass , but it 's something you get used to , and it is definitely better than a scratch you ca n 't repair .
the people on the other end say that i sound like i 'm on a land line phone , even when i 'm outside in the wind or driving with the windows down .
pro 'sunit has great range . comfortable in the ears , can wear it all day . battery life is awesome . mute function make this very useful for someone that spends a lot of time on the conference calls . con 'slasted two months and now will not turn on anymore .
i can turn the volume up much higher then in my old headset .
i do n 't want a replacement anymore , i want a functional phone case .
the fit is great , and the feel is better than any case i 've had , even though i have a new phone , this case has stood the test .
like i said , it does what it says it will do with little effort , and works quite well for the technically challenged .
i bought these primarily to listen to music on my iphone while cycling .
i bought three other pairs of workout headphones .
ok , for the purpose of full disclosure , the negatives first .
for what it 's supposed to do though , it does it very well !
this is a pretty nice case .
i locked myself in and pulled out my phone to call my roadside assistance .
fully charged , it does not even last eight hours .
i charged my samsung galaxy nexus for about 3 hours for afull charge .
i bought these mainly for music , though call quality could be better . overall , i will give these 3 . 5 stars .
if you want crazy bass , look elsewhere though . they fit well over my big melon head , that and i go to the gym quite a bit and do various exercises , from elliptical to busting butt on the bench and whatever else .
this thing has all the bells and whistles .
actual signal is perhaps doubled but that 's not much .
the speakers built into my wife 's netbook are extremely quiet .
i have had bad luck with headsets in the past where the person could not hear me very well or i had trouble hearing the person . this was pretty simple to use and most of the calls i had no problems with .
this bluetooth has out lasted a lot of my phon .
the first battery received lost it 's charge overnight . . the vendor replaced it with another look alike that is working better . not totally happy with the quality but the vendor was responsive and that is important for discount item transactions like this .
i never get any complaints from customers or coworkers about call quality , and i 'm using voip .
we both have android phones , so we love using google navigation , and this allows us to quickly and easily put the phone somewhere we can see it well and get good gps signal .
i 've never had a bad taxi driver .
you can buy and screw up a lot of these before you make up the cost of a new front glass on your phone .
battery life is also very good .
i love the touch factor because it is not slippery and does not feel like rubber either .
when my kids are home or the dog barks it 's easily heard by the caller .
i tried this speaker out with my htc hero .
if not , then do n 't hesitate to buy them , they work great .
i thought i would try a refurbished battery first .
the cable worked great with the pre if you need an extra one , but i suggest purchasing the whole unit plug and all , not just the cable , because with shipping and handling it gets to be the same price .
maybe i did n 't read the description thouroughly enough but this cord sure did n 't work for the samsung precedent phone from the prepaid pay as you go plans .
even comes with a carrying case ! battery life is very good , and speaker volume was actually too high at times ( but easily adjusted ) . when speaking with other people , they were able to hear me very clearly .
and perhaps a little annoying that the bluetooth light is so big and prominent .
callers have told me i sound much better then i did on my old blue tooth that you wore on your ear .
in the mean time , i guess i 'll keep looking . lastly , i also agree with the other reviewer who vented about the stupid sticker they place on the unit .
i was able to watch at least 25 hours of movies on my itouch , with the imp 500 recharging the itouch along the way !
very portable and comes in handy all the time !
their service is second to none .
i am a fan of new trent and their products .
i am pleased with my charger .
i wanted to put it in the kitchen while washing dishes and cleaning in general to not only answer the phone but hear my music . .
the micro usb seems to be wearing out as i usually end up jiggling the connector before it starts charging .
the solution is to remove the earpiece and lay it inside flat . i like the size and the look of it .
the sound quality is good and people can hear me just fine . cons when i first set this up i had a couple issues with it not turning on when the car turned on .
the battery i got showed a manufactured date that was only 8 months newer than the one i replaced .
this model , the c150 , is one of 4 jabra headsets i have ordered .
i plugged it in and it made my phone reboot !
it is small enough to carry without really noticing you have it in your pocket .
this cord works perfectly and has lasted for months now .
when i purchased my iphone , my first concern was how to protect it from scratches .
and it works like it suppose to .
a phone which has got lots of very useful features and functions . pros very good reception .
i bought this phone because of its sleek and stylish design .
it does what it is supposed to do without any problems . a cable came included with my tour , but i wanted an extra one for work , so i bought it on amazon rather than at the verizon store , which charges much more money for the exact same thing . update april 15 , 2010 this also works to charge my kindle 2 , which like my blackberry tour has a micro usb charging port .
i suspect i will start seeing loose connections in the cord soon , but until then , it works great .
however , my first one cracked within a month around the power button .
i knew it had to be my cheap knock off car charger so i looked for a good one on amazon and bought this one .
the only thing i do n 't like about it is the lil mic that pops out but that does serve a purpose in case you decide to use your sun visor .
it protects my phone as it was designed to do .
i keep this charger in my car , so i 'll always be able to charge my smartphone if forget to charge it and let it run down completely .
overall , this is a good choice for a case to protect your nokia e71 , however i 'll be on the lookout for 'perfect for me' in the future .
only minor complaint is that they pick of some background noise when using them for calls .
it 's hard for me to gauge the sound quality on this because it never stays in or close enough to my ear .
i like the style and controls .
i loved all the features of my n95 , although the screen was really too small for internet browsing .
i 've used it with tomtoms , garmins , a ds , a ds lite , every cell phone i am my wife have owned for the last 4 years , various usb crap gadgets like small fans , portable hard drives , ipods , zens , and so much more .
when we are n 't using the charger for one of our cells , undoubtedly whomever is with us is usually charging their cell or android device . i learned to stick with motorola the hard way i bought an off brand charger that would n 't charge my droid 4 ! it became apparent the other charger was n 't supplying enough power .
i am frequently told that i sound like i 'm talking from 34 ; under the water 34 ; or 34 ; in a bubble . 34 ; you also definitely have to speak up quite a bit .
all in all , i would recommend these .
its simple and the slide out keyboard is nice but overall it just stinks .
the sound quality is as good as other headsets i 've used , and people on the other end of a call have told me that my voice is clearer .
i use this case on my phone everyday .
so the customer service , is zero , now if what you need , just happens to be what these robots repeat , then you are in luck , if not . throw the sim card to the trash . what else . i thought att was good service so back to old t mobile .
works alright , but you ca n 't wear it continuously for long durations .
easy to set up and connects easily and automatically to my cell phone ( samsung galaxy s4 ) . i have n 't tried using multiple cell lines .
me was n 't in a big hurry , but wanted this type of pin for my iphone instead of always using a paperclip as a substitute .
the person i was talking to said it sounded windy , but it was n 't enough to bother her . the only thing i really do n 't like about this headset is the size .
but lately it has been a pain in the a to update through my computer and it has been a little sluggish .
we are so amazed and glad for this system !
no worrying about bringing it into the house to charge , forgetting to take it back out , or losing the charging cord .
this charger , by far , has been the best i 've used .
after a while they do n 't fit we 'll in the mini port side and wo n 't charge unless you hold it in place . kinda of disappointed
it is thinner and more streamlined , and the buttons work even better .
the only bad thing about this case it that the white discolored after a really short period of time .
there was a noticeable difference in my signal in areas i know i have little to no signal in .
it is also pretty stylish looking which is important if it is going to sit out on my kichten counter for all to see .
no one cares enough to really help you out .
good product , awesome price , does n 't * look * like cheesy or like a bargain at all .
this is a great product and works great !
this is a handy battery backup to throw in my backpack for times when i have n 't been able to charge the phone .
i would only buy the bulk version to replace a another 925 , otherwise i would purchase retail . overalli was very pleased with my purchase .
makes answering the phone a lot easiermy only complaint is the glue did n 't stick to the leather which is why i gave the clip 4 stars instead of 5 . but i was able to fix it with some superglue .
there is a difference in usb cables .
the belt loop has a snap so you do n 't have to tread your belt through it .
this is my fourth case for my iphone 3g .
lastly , and most importantly , i can see a reduction in signal strength with this power pack case as much as 50 ; this is bad where i live as some areas barely get one bar , and with the juice pack , i am getting no bars in these areas .
i took mine off , started fresh , even cleaned the screen with rubbing alcohol and put on gloves . . .
i was impressed that it works as well as it does .
there 's really not much to say other than the adapter works like i expected it to .
its worth the price and worth more
however , it does n 't retract at all .
the battery is small and fairly easy to carry .
modern smartphones and tablet computers can draw 1000mah or more and that just cooks this charger .
i recently used this battery on at a 4 day long music festival where there is no access to any type of power outlets .
i received the cable when how described .
i got this right before we had a 4 day power outage !
i 've had them for a couple months now and one of them unhooked at the plug in port and came loose .
so you 'll not be charging 4 of those .
the instructions show you how to switch it , and you can even switch the volume control from the bottom to the top , so it is on the top regardless of which ear you use it on .
it 's durable , has a battery indicator , and it does n 't die on you after some light use .
i fixed that by drying really well and putting a tiny pinch of powder on it then blowing it off .
i had to replace an old v3 battery that i used for overseas trips and never had an issue .
i checked out the new bold but was unimpressed by it 's bulky size and the flat keyboard ( makes it hard to type ) this phone is much better !
not a big fan , just use a credit card instead
a couple of them did n 't work , but the remaining four have been great .
this bluetooth actualy worked fine , but would not stay placed properly on my ears when i moved around .
the headphone kept disconnecting and reconnecting back with phone while i was walking my dog .
all in all it 's good for the price .
it is able to charge my phone in under an hour .
it . . is a hassle to use it , you have to pull it soo tight , then it comes out unplugged , ie with cp used as gps et .
these are a must have to protect your iphone 's screen .
does that make sense to you ?
every time i am carrying the kids they are wanting to take my phone off the charger and plug theirs in .
sometime you just do n 't have time to sit and wait to power up by plugging the phone into the wall .
great fit , very useful card slots , easy to carry all you need to run out the door , great gift for my wife .
there are some fun skins you can add to it . i got this headset assuming it would be at least as good as the wep 200 . it is n 't .
in summary , i 'm still in the market for a better headset .
i have long been envious of 1st generation texter 's whose fingers fly over the keyboards of their wireless devices .
i 've been through a few bluetooth devices and the most common shortcomings have been 1 . does n 't stay in your ear , 2 . shotty call quality and 3 , rediculous or very short range .
i like the way the case looks on my new s5 but it doesnt seem to fit quite as snug as i expected it to fit .
love this product , its affordable and it charges my phone really quick .
this unit works seamlessly with my blackberry phone and i got it for a great price .
time will tell if the improvements the maker made will keep the belt clip from breaking as the earlier versions of the case did , i will put the case to the test , but so far i am happy with the case .
i like this it has performed well and even after a year of use still has not broken down like other cheap ear phones .
i have heard the epic charger may be 1000mah but i could n 't find that one .
it tends to scratch a lot but this one is for the road and stuff .
do n 't change this product need extra just in case kinda hard on blue tooths jabra will not do you will not do you wrong
i previously had the 12 south case for a phone i 4s , and that was fine for more than a year .
i know it was cheap , but still they could of added six or more inches to make it more functional .
so when purchasing this product , beware that it might not work with your xbox controller , it might work with other objects , but i have n 't tried .
returns and exchanges are so easy with amazon so i never fear oredering because they always make it right .
they work very good , they have lasted quite a good time , they get damaged through time like anything so they work quite good for the price
if there is a difference between this and an oem charger i ca n 't tell .
very nice product , but when i upgraded to iphone 4 and 4s , will not work , new case does n 't fit stand .
with the booster in place , i can now get that same 2 bars at about 85db in my office .
thousands off applications available on websites like . . . to outfit your phone with useful apps , games , etc .
reception is good , volume is adequate and the people i talk with say that my voice is clear .
connects easily and batteries seem to last a long time .
at night it 's hard to ignore it , it 's too bright and distracting when driving .
nice that it has belt loops as well as the clip .
though the package looked beat up or had been in the ditch the content was intact .
now i have to look for another cover which is too bad since this one cost me $ 20 !
this means i can put it into spaces with little ventilation and not worry about it burning down my home car office .
if it is detects any silence for more than a few seconds , it will automatically go into fast forward until it hears sound again .
all in all , a great product .
so it works . i thought it was going to be too high for my vw jetta since it sticks straight up but there 's enough space there to stick whatever you want to charge . product works !
i am wondering if an in ear type will be better in the long run . save you money on this one if you plan to use it in a car .
the flashlight also is a nice feature although i wish it were brighter .
this device is very well made , and does not feel like it will break .
one tumble off my nightstand while plugged into my phone and the charger was broken .
after all was said and done , the dock does not work .
i have not had a problem with this usb cable , but there are a lot of 'alternative' cables and chargers out there for apple products .
for the amount of electronics it contains inside i wish they had made it smaller and more dense . i 've had good experience with wilson electronics in the past and in the very least it gets the job done without failure .
my earphones cables keep on getting tangled by themselves . this cute item helps in preventing such issue but do not fix it entirely since the cables sometimes end up tangled with the cord supervisor itself . still useful though to shorten the cables . . .
the old charger i had that came free with my phone was only giving me . 5 amps and trickle charged my phone .
it 's 11 cents do i need to say more .
the phone is also easy enough to remove that you can switch between this and another case easily .
the downside is the battery power on it is horrible , i have to charge it twice a day .
it had worked on my android as well as apple products and has clear indicator lights that let you know how much charge is left on the itorch no wondering when it will die .
i have owned over a dozen different models of bluetooh headsets .
smaller than a credit card i take it with me when i travel in case my rental car wo n 't have bt * speaker quality is acceptable * very simple * turns off automatically if phone is out of range for a while * long battery life * uses standard usb for charging * easy to pair , but you will have to be just a little 'techy' . here 's what i do n 't like * inconsistent quality .
but i have to give it back due to the conference call ability .
the biggest negative for me is that the kit only comes with one power clip so charging more than one device at a time is impossible unless you invest in additional clips which are not inexpensive .
it holds very strongly and feels very secure whenever you 're on the go .
within a week , the device was dead !
the case itself is very good , although after use the plastic turns yellowish .
it will call out the person calling you .
when i asked him why he likes these earphones , he says that he can hear things in the background that he was n 't able to hear with his skullcandies .
it is a very rapid charger compared to the others out there .
i did n 't realize that if i pushed the mini usb connection in harder , it would snap together and make a very solid connection . this adapter is small and has a feature i like and a small issue that is annoying .
although the product itself is n 't actual oem manufactured by apple , the product itself is 'doable' and serves it 's purpose .
this product has all the signs of a genuine nokia battery , but after the first week it seemed to always lose its charge and get extremely warm during moderate usage .
no problems with this charger after one year .
only problem is that the ring viberate button is not really able to show .
charger works fast and without any problems that i can see .
response is excellent on my original ipad and iphone 4s , both have screen protectors . i 'm not a huge fan of the pocket clip .
i would definitely not use these for a cell phone or anything with any weight or value .
meaning you ca n 't disconnect it from the wall charger and link it up to download music , etc .
they do protect the screen , but were a major disappointment .
these cables are a thumbs up ! !
will buy more from this vender whenever i need a charger
classical and rock do n 't faze them , however perhaps it 's because all the really old recordings are in mono ?
i got this phone from a friend because my samsung rant died on me .
the charger works for the bb 8330 . i use it daily and so far so good .
then i ordered a second one for my husbands iphone , we can use a tight fitting case on our i phone to protect it in case it is dropped but the phone with the other cover fit great in here .
all i kept hearing is craziness , craziness , craziness . 34 ; my phone 's going to get scratched 34 ; , or , 34 ; it 's going to get dented 34 ; . now , she 's at ease .
this is by far , the best case i have ever had .
ok its been only 4 days now and this charger does not work .
when we are in the car for road trips it keeps our samsung phones charged .
i had the n75 about two weeks and here is my report o i find the loose fitting lid an irritant .
when your phone is clipped face in on the belt clip it 's pretty much impervious to most shock and any kind of screen damage . about the only thing it wo n 't protect against is getting dropped in a body of water .
the blackberry now performs just like it did when brand new .
i like headphones but the cord can be annoying , especially when it catches on something .
t mobile used to have lots of sweet nokias , then they went to so so motorolas , now they are pushing samdung and whatever is cheap .
i feel that i got great value for the $ $ spent .
i keep one on hand in case of breaking the clip and case gets a workout getting in and out of vehicle . .
even when i was walking around outside and moving around , the voice sensor never lost contact , and the people on the other end never complained of noise or echo or anything .
this case is worth every penny and after years of different phones and even more cases this is the best one yet .
the downsides are that because it 's not a current model there are a number of things it ca n 't do , and in addition i find that the range is not that great sound degrades rapidly once the earpiece is not in a direct line with the phone or other device . the device has one multicolored led which is difficult to see if you are not looking directly at it .
the case is rubber of course and nice but i prefer to get her a hard case next time !
do n 't even look for quality bass sound from these it 's not there . i found that , with these positioned exactly where they should be over my ears , the sound coming from this headset , for some reason , seemed to be getting filtered in from far away .
my wife and i grab this charger anytime we travel .
i 've been using this for over a year , seems to hold charge good as oem ( it is oem )
this is by far the best charger i can find for a car .
the microphone is great and sound quality is top notch .
i went through two . the plastic is super cheap so your fingers will not glide on it .
big mistake as now i have to unstick the adapter from my cassette player and try to get amazon to take it back . ( i bought 2 on clearance )
this phone has limitless possibilities and is practically a miniature laptop .
only reason for not giving 5 stars is because it does n 't come with a power cord and palm designed it to only fit their over priced cord .
these are ok but love my one that cost $ 25
you ca n 't use any other charger , with this case attached .
plus , the blue light is kind of cool at first , but when you 're driving at night , it 's too bright and distracting .
if the ringer worked , i 'd probably give it 4 stars , but since it is a phone , and it is supposed to ring , it 's kind of a pain in the neck .
this , my droid , and thecar dockmake a very happy trio for navigation in my car . however , there are a few minor concerns i 'd like to point out first , the blue led .
looked totally identical to the other .
i like the fact that the volume is controlled by two seperate controls .
i use this in my car to charge my phone and my ipod as needed .
update2 apparently there 's no way to differentiate ( or link ) product reviews on amazon to a particular seller ( or a particular batch of product ) . so as i mentioned in my original review , incipio feather case is great ( or i would n 't be buying it again ! ) . however , the case i bought recently from a particular seller batch on amazon has a peeling issue clearly a lemon .
its rubberized does n 't look like it in the picture but it is it 's really cute i love this case used it for awhile but i switch out cases like i do my shoes .
i have it , it is charging 2 phones right this moment !
then my phone last all day long ! ! ! from 8 00am to 7 00pm , still have 60 . and the itorch ?
for the price that it is , its not bad .
the best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water , it still works .
nothing more than a glorified paper clip , but it 's only 60 cents , so i just added it to my order .
i ca n 't imagine that anyone else has patented the idea of a mute switch . . . . update , 2 10 07 the usability issues that i mentioned , plus the lack of third party applications finally got to me .
it was delivered on time and it very tough so it wo n 't tear .
i hooked it up to my stereo and i could here a lot of static .
would not buy another from this company .
you will walk around like a zombie trying not to knock the back .
i use the battery with my ipad3 to extend the current battery level .
the led is bright enough to help you in dark conditions , and is visible in normal light .
the callers often complain that they ca n 't understand me despite talking directly into the mic . the thing that makes this unuseable is that it often links to my phone but does n 't actually connect .
stay away from this ugly monster .
peelman of how to re position the clip properly resulted in a very secure fit that i could not make slip off despite much effort . update 11 21 12 after a few months of usage , i 've had absolutely no problems with this holster .
i mean , come on , is n 't that the main reason we get cell phones anyway ?
it was a good price , well good if the product worked , and probably less than return postage .
i bought an otterbox first but then ended up returning it .
it works ok with my blackjack ii and my macbook .
the leather texture is some sort of flimsy ( not to mention ) thin covering that peeled off simply trying to put this on my belt .
it arrived almost fully charged and it is behaving just like a brand new battery should .
somehow , we misplaced the power adapter so i ordered this one mainly so i could get the power adapter .
the charging cable did arrive rather quickly and it does work , however , it is faulty .
i never dropped it and it usually stayed in my purse or on my desk but it started cracking around the connection areas .
i thought this item was clear but it had a grey hue .
this is fine , though it would be nice if it charged it faster .
i have had to purchase another case from a different manufacturer just to keep his phone secured .
the suction seems to be pretty good .
if the cutting is done carefully , the protector is actually nice and becomes easier to install .
either way , you have to remember to keep the spare charged and ready to go .
this case keeps my phone intact and protected at the same time . . . woo hoo ! !
it is small enough to be quite mobile and powerful enough to fully charge my phone and more .
i would give it five stars if it had a backlight so that you could read it without a flashlight , and i would also like very much if it had a battery backup for data storage so that it could be read without being plugged in after you are done .
this case was absolutely perfect when i first received it .
he says it 's extremely comfortable , and he likes the fact that it is in his ear so he can hear better . the charger is very nice .
the screwdrivers are complete junk so do n 't waste your money .
which i did n 't expect but i accepted when i found out . . anyway , i found that the charger from them is better than apple certified charger , the cord is thicker , longer , tougher and easier to use .
completely covers everything , but , works perfectly . soft , but hard .
i can hear the other party clearly and they were able to hear me clearly as well . overall , excellent headset and definitely worth the money .
i 'd buy again based on cost vs performance value .
this was not worth the time , effort or money .
very handy way to charge without plugging and unplugging .
the problem with most is their uselessness when confronted by windy conditions this does a much better job than most .
i would still recommend this headset because the cons are far less than the pros .
purchased this for my 9 year old daughter for an ipod touch and has worked very well .
considering you cannot really have a private conversation in the car while on the speaker if there is another person in the car , and if you can live with that motorola t305 is the best thing to have in the car . however , i had to buy blackberry ( perl ) so i could synchronize up with my work emails and motorola t305 sound quality was bad , there always was static noise interference .
great and speedy customer care to make up for a mistake .
the case is actually pretty stupendous , though .
they charged it so i could talk on the phone and text on the way back .
it was not irritating or heavy or anything .
the otterbox was ok , but i believe i ordered the wrong item .
so , i figured it was the cables .
life saver when you spend long periods of time away from a wall charger and is essential to stay connected for work or in touch with family .
it has very good sound in my house or car , but outside i could hear noise from the wind .
the velcro has very little to attach itself to and if i do not stretch the material and wrap it extremely tight , then the velcro detaches .
i smelled something that could 've been burnt wires , but could 've just been the plastic very hard to tell .
previously i had htc windows mobile phones and before that treos .
i use them to go jogging , and i must say they work pretty well even under stress and harsh situations .
i love the color , i love the fit .
all my friends are on the same wireless plan from nextel as i am , so i know its not service , it is definitely the phones . i can have full bars on my phone ( 5 including the little antennae icon ) and my friends phone held right next to mine will have 2 or 3 bars .
if you 're not following me here , just be aware that if your ears are small to average this may not be the bluetooth for you .
it wrinkled , was filled with bubbles and gets dirty very easily .
this is n 't good enough , i prefer to use the corded headset . i am returning this product to amazon .
this is perfect for my pantech phone works great .
the only problem is because the roofline is high , i was told i sounded soft .
my only complaint was putting it together was annoying .
for the price , i think this is the best value out there .
i did n 't like the way the clear surface fit the phone maybe i 'm not putting it on right .
it charges faster than the itorch and it does n 't have the laser that can burn your co workers eyes out !
i am satisfied with this holster .
so far , it seems to hold a charge just fine , as i 've had it in regular use for over a month and only had to charge it three times in that timespan . i 'm still kind of disappointed i cannot use custom ringtones with this headset , but it 's a minor issue .
the commuter broke within 4 months ( yes the company replaced and the other one broke also ) . at worst , this may stretch , but that will not bother me . if nothing else , this is a fantastic back up case for the price .
i would order this case again .
good little product , definitely helps manage cord issues .
i 'm mourning the loss of this headset and wish it 'd magically work again .
if you do have a habit of using a protective skin on your devices do n 't pick this case also .
not as tough as i would have liked though .
it is very durable as well .
i used a screw driver befire , nicked my phone ! ! ! buy it ! ! ! it 's worth the money .
i work on a military base as an instructor so i am constantly wearing out points and needing to charge my iphone because my life is very mobile mon fri . this external battery fit the bill perfectly to assist me on my weekly travels and instruction in the class room at work . solid build quality and does what it is supposed to dothank you amazonbig thanks to new trent
the product did not work as promised . . . it did not fit my iphone 3g , so had to return it back .
the product was ok however the material is somehow cheap looking leather .
somewhat protective , as long as the phone does n 't land on a corner just soft rubber there .
i keep this adaptor connected to the end of my expensive headphones so that i can use them on my iphone without taking my case off .
i have this charger plugged into a surge protector that sits on the floor , and it broke while i was moving some appliances around .
i 've only used it on an itouch 2g , but it works perfectly !
sometimes it 'll go green after an hour sometimes after 10 . i 'd recommend this to anyone wanting to use a simple universal bt transmitter .
i ca n 't see how you could damage your phone with this case on .
its a good cord that does what you need it to do but you can tell it 's cheaply made and the sticker on the side of it is n 't even in the exact center , it 's awkward looking .
one last thing , if you are looking at this particular otterbox , there is another one by a different seller for almost $ 20 cheaper .
i 'd easily recommend this product at $ 19 . 99 or so , but $ 25 is a bit high in my opinion .
no clip failures , magnetic latch is reliable , it has n 't loosened up significa n 'tly and appears to offer pretty good protection for my beloved crackberry .
it has some nice features , but it is very disappointing as a phone .
i 've owned this phone for 18 months , the first 15 months with t mobile and the past 3 months with at t . ; reception has been great with at t . ; with t mobile , reception was good .
i do n 't know whether or not this model is still sold but it is too heavy over the ears .
this has to sit on the corner of my desk and i need plenty of room on both sides to allow the usb cables to plug in .
wi fi is great and very fast ( i can now buy from amazon or get movie tickets from my cell phone ! ) , you can install applications to it ( like msn ) the sound from the speakers is also a great thing to notice , while speakers seem small the sound this phone has will blow you away !
this means not only will it work with your iphone , but will also with your touch , nano , classic and what not .
i would have liked it to provide a complete charge , but the droid has a higher mah ( 1300 ) , so i did n 't expect it to do that .
that one completely covers the top , the sides , and the bottom , so that if you drop your phone vertically , rather than flat ways ( i 'm not sure if i 'm describing this correctly , but i hope you can envision it ) you 've got the part of the phone covered in rubber .
i trust you already know the specs , so i 'll focus on the only negatives . 1 ) the trackball thing sometimes gets stuck and wo n 't move .
this one requires charging every other day .
phone is very durable and solid .
its ashame too , becausethis phone had it all .
this product does what is expected , charges my galaxy s2 phone about 1 . 5 times from a full charge .
my choices are return it and buy the same other item that is guaranteed to come with ear buds , or purchase ear buds separately ( at a cost of $ 9 plus shipping ) . the latter option makes the device not be worth the price .
the touchstone allows me to bypass this . however , it seems like this thing will either stop charging my cell phone ( palm pixi ; i do n 't know if that matters ) or outright start draining its battery .
highly recommended to those who need a bluetooth at an affordable price
it got to me 2 days early , too ! i 'd order from 'cyongear' again !
i also used this on the beach to protect my phone .
the manual is surprisingly well written .
best iphone case . . . . i had my phone dropped several times but this one protected it .
they will more than adequately protect from scratches but i have my doubts about their ability to protect from a drop onto tile or concrete .
nor was the sound quality very good .
i saw the reviews for this headset on cnet , and i was pretty excited about getting it to use with my lg vx 9400 phone .
i ca n 't tolerate holding a phone to my ear anymore because this headset makes life so much easier . and i 've had mine for over two years without any problems .
bad purchase decision on my part , great concept just does n 't work with older vehicles
it 's very comfortable for me as it is , but it comes with a couple of different clips to adjust the fit if you need .
this does n 't appear to do anything other than waste your money . go to the radtech web site , where you 'll find a similar product , except it actually works properly .
having an older phone getting cables can be a mess , especially when a previous vendor sent the wrong one . . .
worst thing apple has ever done is get rid of this cable .
i wish they cold design one that can stand .
i have another one but a different color .
if you work at home and you need to use an analog line for calls then this is one of the headsets you will want to invest in .
it did fall off once , so far .
this is the sort of product for which success is defined purely by it working as advertised .
i bought a 'very good' condition phone from teczilla .
i received the item in a timely manor , but the best thing about this product , was the outstanding response i received by the seller .
have no probs with this cahrger till date but the phone screen went blank and do n 't know why .
thank god i have the protection plan and got the phone replaced .
it turns out work great with the samsung epic 4g .
this case is a bit larger than necessary .
seemed to be charging ok , and external led and laser light worked fine . after about 30 seconds , all the led 's went out , the power button did nothing no matter how many time or how long it was pressed , and unit is totally dead . back it goes .
i love my kindle fire , but i hate the micro plug . when plugging in a charger cord , i find that sometimes it does n 't recognize that the plug is in and sometimes i have to jiggle it a little to get the charging box to turn green to show that it is , in fact , charging .
after a lot of frustration , i finally got my blackberry to pair with the keyboard , but it would still not recognize it when i tried to get it to link to it .
the volume is poor even with the volume cranked up to the top i could barely hear the other party indoors and outside ( with any background noise ) it was almost impossible .
the product is very easy to use .
this item failed on first use .
seems to be a standard case .
this battery was for my daughter 's phone and it worked .
the only disadvantage with mirror screen is they 're not very visible in sunlight .
charger will charge a tablet and something small , but not an s4 and galaxy tab 2 10 . it will charge one or the other , but for that i have the chargers that came with my devices . . . overall if you have small , older devices then this will probably work for you , otherwise pay more money for enough ampage .
i have had the new trent imp52d itorch for about 3 weeks now and i love it . it 's a small enough package that it fits in your pocket for charging onthe go .
works perfect and the cost was n 't much more than postage only .
i had to speak to the jx10 very slow and clearly to achieve only a 50 success rate in it understanding my commands the first try and subsequent tries .
in addition , it is n 't that comfortable to wear for a long period of time .
this a really good smart phone with a great price .
while it does require you to take your case off , it 's pretty nifty .
stick with the genuine sony , as off brand ( oem ? ) batteries do n 't seem to cut it in other electronics ( from experience ! ) .
does exactly what it 's supposed to do allow you to plug in a mini usb plug into a place you could n 't fit it before because of the angle .
i bought this to match my car , however as soon as it was out of the warranty from amazon , it broke .
this is beyond annoying . another note because this case is listed separately for each color , my bad review is only going to show up under pink unless i copy it to the other colors .
this is normal and does not mean anything is wrong . so for an oem charger , you ca n 't beat the price .
i had to change side every hours because the headset hurt my ears after a while . but . . .
the phone has fallen off my desk a couple of times on to hardwood floors without damage .
the case itself is the best protection you could use for your phone .
who is the idiot that design this ?
after researching a bit , i bought the cyberpower one and now the keyboard works fine .
but i did order nokia bl 5c and it works great .
awesome product from a great seller very fast shipping !
when i bought my wife an htc one x , it was the first phone we had owned that did not have a removable battery .
you can buy a much cheaper speaker phone that works just as well , which i would say is mediocre .
but most importantly , it double power , just as promised .
i was overall quite happy with this mount .
the prime also has plenty of volume too , i 've had to turn it down cause its too loud , which is usually just the opposite for me on most bluetooth devices .
it 's okay , but these are the first headphones that have actually gone dead on me because i did n 't charge them enough . also , size apparently effects the transmitter receiver in them .
mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and i do n 't really talk on it that much . why is this phone so great ?
i thought my dad said it worked , but it did n 't charge my dads phone .
mine looks like the one that is orange on the inside and it is the best iphone accessory i have gotten .
needed that extra back up when on the road and at all day trade shows and this new trent product does it all !
i bought this for my iphone 3g and it works perfectly .
the antenna gives me better gain than other models .
bought this to replace the hs820 simply for the flip on functionality .
there is a nice plan for virgin mobile for 30 bucks , she will be really hard pressed to use up all of her minutes . the phone is really nice .
i was dissapointed that with my new 3rd generation ipod touch 64 gb , the phones will not advance to the next song or go back to the previous song with the push controls as they are supposed to do .
i bought it immediately and i use it regularly to avoid any of the scratches , dings , dents , and occasional rain day water . excellent fit , excellent product , great price .
seems it takes a minute for them to warm up or something .
penny 's feedback on 10 26 05 about the skip mode as following one thing to keep in mind when using any product like this some ( but not all ) car tape players have a skip mode .
im becoming very disillusioned by virgin mobile and am about to quit their company after 5 years .
i pair with the sony tmr bt8ip on my iphone to connect to the a2dp profile . in contrast , i also have the sony drbt21g b headset the sound there is richer but it is bulky and dorky looking when going to the gym . overall , i 'm quite pleased with this item but only give it 4 stars because the stereo sound could be better .
the magnetic closure works well and it 's quite .
it was n 't very stylish , and did n 't seem to provide much protection .
but what i could n 't find , was a belt clip case that would fit a phone with a skin on it , except for this one .
these always sync in about two seconds the first time .
my charger came ( two days earlier than estimated ) and works fine .
so i purchased myself a rotary phone .
held good charge and would charge my phone 2 full cycles , however after 3 months and outside of the return period , it died . . .
i ordered 3 chargers from 3 different sellers just in case one did n 't work .
as for what i bought them for , lol they work flawlessly at the gym .
oh my goodness i am very please with this case it is exactly what i was looking for it was easy to fit over my phone .
other than that it works great , no problems at all .
never have a problem with dropped calls .
wow , for free , the next day , they shipped me out a replacement .
seem to be a good choice , especially for the money .
it could be a little sturdier .
provides a very rapid charge for my htc desire .
these work great and once applied , you ca n 't even tell they are on the cell phone .
i use this at work to listen to music books and i need free hands no cord tethering me to my ipad2 or smart phone .
the low energy display it uses could easily be kept visible for a minute or two with a button battery , which would last for years in this application .
with this motorola charger , i do n 't have to bother w that . . .
but i ca n 't imagine that many other devices perform much better * learning curve .
i 'm also glad to see that the inside antenna can be upgraded without having to buy a new amplifier .
it adds minimal bulk but does n 't protect the sides . the problem is what happens when you unwrap the case .
this is going to be very useful on our next overseas flight , and it will work on 240v 50hz in france .
it 's snug , it does n 't flop around at all .
it will also be useful for when i go boating because i lose ac power out on the water and this would be a great support device .
but love them great protection
i honestly did n 't notice that my phone was charging faster . . . . seems to me like its jus a regular phone charger . . . says motorolla but i do n 't know , could be a fakey rip off . . . its workin just like a regular charger , not impressed
i am very pleased with sena and will continue to go to them for cases .
i purchased the 655 after reading a glowing review on cnet .
i ordered this and was so surprised that it was so cheap and charged my evo so fast .
to turn it on , press and a blue light comes on to confirm it is on ; to turn it off , press again and a red light comes on to confirm it is off .
the i860 gets as good a signal as the i710 ( but its significa n 'tly more expensive too ) . i am not sure why two phones based on the same hardware and software have such drastic differences in signal .
you would feel pulling of your ears sometimes and the clip helps in this case .
i can have my windows down in up to around 40mph and people can still hear me clearly and not really hear the background noise .
but for the price the quality is great , and looks even better !
it is easy to put on and off , but will not slide apart on accident , unless you really yank on it .
once the phone was connected it performed all functions without any problems .
when i 'm not using a phone case for protecting my phone , i use one of these .
he likes it and it works jut fine for him .
this is my 2nd arkon phone holder i wanted a different one for each car . m it is a very good product .
no one was in sight in this bad part of town .
i 've been using treos since they first came out ( i think i started with a treo 180 ) and so i have to admit that switching to a windows mobile device left me feeling uneasy .
installation was easy and the tool kit worked though the plastic tools are no the robust and will break if you tweak on them too much .
i paired it with my sanyo katana dlx and quite a few of the negatives stuck out to me right away .
the functionality is great and i love that it is a two piece unit , allowing you to connect your own quality headphones .
all in all , i 'm pleased with this product , except for the visor attachment .
this item was broken when i received it , the edge was broken when i opened the soft pack that it came in .
in moderately scientific testing , i 'm able to charge a 1625mah battery from 15 to full nearly twice ( it died at like 92 on the second charge ) . but more practically , it can provide positive charge during use for about 7 hours , which is pretty good . it 's pretty small and will fit in a pocket if you absolutely have to .
no need for extra charging ports in my car which was already occupied by my phone charger . on a side note , i can see some users expecting the charging cord to be a little longer than it is .
this case is slippery when you put it in .
does exactly what a battery should do and is priced very fairly .
it works just fine for that purpose and can also charge the phone from the pc , if you have a day to waste !
there are cheaper flip phones that can also do video . i would have given this phone five stars if the sound quality was better .
i found that alot of the sound quality towards who i am speaking with has a lot to do with what they are talking on .
i 'm a truck driver and have had problems in the past with hearing other party and with other party hearing background noise .
personally , i prefer a softer case as i believe it absorbs the shock of a drop better but my experience with this hard case has been very positive .
i was rather pleased to find it had remote control support , as well as a microusb charger the same as my motorola droid .
it has all the right cutouts and has survived a couple of drops so far .
but it works just fine for charging my phone , so how can i complain ?
it moves a lot when the car is moving so you would need to rest it on the dash which would help somewhat but not perfectly . overall one star only because with the poor quality it is worthless in spite of the few good points .
perfect for the desk to place your iphone .
my only negative is that it has it 's own charger .
i turned up the base on my razr v3xx , but it does not matter because the speakers do not play any bass .
my father recently dropped his phone facedown on concrete , and the screen protector received a pretty deep scratch , but the screen on the phone was perfectly protected .
it would have taken me three times as long to get near the same results . this is how he did it he thoroughly cleaned my iphone with a cleaning solution and a clothe , getting rid of all the smudges and specks of dust .
it is lightweight and easy to use .
do n 't know for sure if it was due to the cable or software , but never got this to work .
i finally found one that fit , at an at t retail store .
i was concerned after ordering this device , when i read many reviews that said this device was a cheap piece of plastic that did n 't fit into their ear properly .
it is smooth without being slippery .
this is the company to go with .
what more is there to say .
i 'm using this with my galaxy s3 and it works great , plus it 's the fastest car charger i 've ever owned .
the switch makes it so easy for me to see when it 's on and when it 's turned off .
it does nothing at all for the front and very little if you drop it .
i use my phone all day at work for finding street addresses using gps , email , pictures , not to mention all the phone calls .
after a couple of months with this headset i have to give it a bad review .
used one of my own cables and everything 's great .
went on a cruise , wanted something waterproof for cell phone and wallet contents while on the beach or doing activities where stuff might get wet .
cable is fine and seems to be oem .
bought this case and hoped it would be the harder version that is a little slicker and would not pull my hair but it does !
the best way i can describe it ( which you cannot see in the picture ) is imagine a long rectangular piece of plastic , now fold that in half so you now have a long u shaped piece of plastic .
smaller heads would probably find it even more comfortable than my gargantuan melon .
if you did not know what it is like to hold a naked iphone , you would think that it was made with this otterbox defender case .
the only complaint i have about this item is that we thought it was a hard case and it 's not .
out of all the chargers i have bought , this one has been the best !
this little gadget is pretty light , however , that it can be moved around with ease .
i think they are working on getting it to work with the droid as we speak .
if you just click it , the laser pointer will turn on , not the charger , and your co workers will freak out because they do n 't know where that red light is coming from .
sync with my computer and are good quality ,
i am pretty hard on phones so when i got the otterbox defender , it was the best $ . . . ( in store ) that i ever spent .
ordered another and the metal connector just broke off .
does not hold a charge for long , have to charge it the night before i need it .
i took it with me on vacation , and it fit just fine in the carry on .
i copmared the cover to another galaxy ii that is sold in asia and i found that the design is different . so if you bought galaxy ii from usa , do n 't buy cover from outside usa
all buttons sensors are exposed , so you 'll never have to remove the case , although that 's easy enough to do . i like the case because it 's smooth enough to slip easily in a pocket and thin enough to give a modicum of protection without making it bulky .
this charger is significa n 'tly faster , at least twice as powerful .
second thing i noticed was , the battery life of my palm pre plus was only ever so slightly extended and i mean it when i say , it was hardly noticeable . for the extra bulk it makes , that in its self is not worth the extra 30 minutes of talk time it gives .
it also does not present itself as a real usb device ( many chargers show up as a connected computer ) , which is great . only downside for me is the fixed cord ( ca n 't substitute cords for other devices ) , but for the cost of this , it 's well worth one per car .
the belt clip is not too tight but tight enough that it wo n 't come off the belt .
this will boost multiple phones or 3g ipads .
it is very inexpensive and works just fine .
it makes more sense to just buy the accessories from apple .
no volume control , the automatic adjustment works ok but would be nice if i could set it .
after a lot of hemming hawing , we finally chose this case for my dh 's iphone .
unfortunately i had to return this headset as many others complain of the same problem .
the clarity is outstanding and it is loud , quite loud .
every six months or so , they stop working .
fits like a glove , good design , just got it today and im impressed .
some airports are better than others for having power chargers , so i love carrying this as a backup .
it is not perfect , it has some noise cancellation issues , but it is better than any other i have tried .
now i 'm having problems with ipod all together .
if you have an iphone you need this case !
other than that , this is a rugged case and has held up very well and i am rough on my stuff , i recommend !
i 've never cried over a haircut , or even withheld a tip .
one setting or the other generally works unless i 'm in the open in high wind .
the only bad part is the foam ear covers wear out after time .
i was willing to put up with that because i liked the wireless aspect , and they sounded good .
this was exactly what my wife and i needed to charge our iphone 3gs 's on a long road trip .
on a recent trip the imp500 recharged my cell phone and operated and recharged my nook color reader twice without needing recharging itself .
since , the mic hole is facing straight out , if it 's windy the person on the other side of the line will hear lots of wind .
truly feels like a real keyboard that folds up small .
not much to say other than since this is a genuine name brand high quality charger , you are n 't apt to fry your device or slowly destroy the innards with a low grade poorly regulated charger .
since my original cable went out i looked for alternatives to apple .
i give up trying to find a mini usb cable that will connect properly to a samsung phone .
worth the money if you get it installed as designed . larry
the battery life is pretty long .
so , if you want a fake cellular antenna to make your car look cool , this will fit the bill perfectly .
the level of improved reception is about as noticeable as the loss of cash that i paid to get these free signal boosters .
stay away from the screen protectors that require a solution to apply , too much of a pain and they ripple .
as others have mentioned , the bass is lacking in this pair .
this cable is about 80 oem like and it just works , so that is all that matters at this price .
last allot longer than some phone batteries we have purchased for other phones .
the controls are pretty bad and i cannot use for voice commands with htc incredible .
as of the writing of this review , the product has worked perfectly .
got this when i got my very first stright talk phone it worked grate , there was no braking at either end as often happens with usb cables .
since then i 've picked up a power support air jacket and really like that better . . .
i 'm partial to myshure e2c 's , but these were surprisingly good just as headphones at this price .
so 3 out of 5 for getting it all half right i guess . as a footnote , initially i was scared i 'd been sent a damaged product as there were scratches already all over both screens but that 's actually just the screen protector 's outer layer which gets discarded .
the gentleman who spent at least 10 minutes with me to set the device to go over my left ear ( the manual illustrates the right one ) never flinched over my clumsiness .
you know , people who literally have pains in their neck from clamping a phone between their head and shoulders . these are wonderful headsets .
no worries about it falling out .
the battery compartment is very deep and extremely snug .
even when trying to be careful with the battery on my htc rezound ( custom rom , custom kernel , cpu governors ) , it can drain faster than i 'd like when i 'm using 4g and on the phone often .
this is my 2nd iphone , the fist being the 2g .
it can reach my phone from everywhere in the house and can reach amazingly far at work .
i 've used many igo products and this is the first one to disappoint .
they could do better on the price for a higher rating .
beware that there are two different products shown in the amazon product pictures as of 8 19 2013 . i purchased and review only the round one with corner and bottom openings .
read the instructions carefully it needs to dry undisturbed at least overnight .
the only warning that i give its a bit bulky but it does its j0b by protecting your phone !
while riding i could hold a conversation with the caller on the other end ( despite riding in a strong wind ) ! reportedly , the sound quality was okay in the midst of airflow , and there was never a problem understanding each other .
the blue plastic tool came in very handybut the screwdrivers did not fit my phone , which was my mistake . but a good product over all .
this unit has worked really well thus far .
my phone has been dropped several times ( including hard surfaces ) and the otter box takes it in stride .
we all can use one charger instead of having multiple chargers all over the place .
the motorola prongs are much smoother , very easy to plug in and easy to remove . the old cheap charger i was using would make my phone very very warm ( almost hot ) when i had it plugged in for over an hour but on several 1 2 hour trips my phone barely even gets warm with the motorola charger .
at worst , the novelty of packaging and color of the buds would suffice for a mothers day gag gift , though i bought these on the high recommendations of the 100 reviewers here on amazon . wife came up to me , grinning ear to ear . have you heard these ? , she stammered .
they are very comforatable and make them alot nicer to use . battery life .
luckily , it was less than $ 20 , so no big loss .
the lack of the over the ear portion makes it more comfortable with glasses of all kinds . stays in your ear even when running around . the case is also a battery charger which is great if you tend to leave this thing in the car . the battery seems to last a long time . calls sound nice and clear to me and people that i call . con the styling is n 't for everyone .
buy this ! ! as a trucker i find myself in rugged conditions every day .
the reviews have to be fake . . .
not expensive and they work well from my end although sometimes they affect how i sound at the other end , apparently .
but the mute button is great .
cute in color , small and useful , but no one could hear me clearly when i was on it .
once you get past these two problems , the sound quality is good , and it is easy to wear .
the fit is worth the price .
and it does n 't touch my face when i 'm wearing it . i 'm going back to the 510 as my primary headset and i 'll use this one as my backup headset . . .
it 's smooth and shiny , meaning that it shows fingerprints all over the place .
the flip open boom mic allows me to keep it off when im driving , and when someone calls , all i need to do is open it up and put it on and it automatically connects the call and is recognized by my iphone as the default audio device .
if you are looking for a cheap micro usb charger , then this is a good option .
you are able to transfer pictures , videos , contacts , etc between pc and phone .
so now my computer is permanently crippled and limited to one channel due to this poorly made product .
let 's face it , every time you get a new cell phone , you have to buy a new car charger .
but the whole thing seems to be well made .
kind of reminds me of a block phone like a nokia .
i know of several others who cannot make the jawbone 2 fit . it will not stay properly seated on my face .
when i turned my phone on , it was 100 for something that cost $ 12 , it 's well worth the price .
not happy with the quality of this product .
the clip mounting accessory is removable which is a good thing .
it 's so nice being able to recharge my phone quickly without searching for an outlet or a spare computer . it comes with several cable adapters that look like you can use it with about any reasonably modern cell phone , so i love that i can probably also charge my mom 's phone for her in a pinch .
it works exactly as i expected it to .
this is a very nice charger , but it does not fit my iphone 4 like it said it would .
the case is well made and just what you need to keep your pearl safe
data transfers through the battery connector so there is never a reason to remove the battery .
i plugged it up to my panasonic cordless phones ( i call them networked where you have one plugged into jack and others one their charger but not plugged in wall throughout the house ) , and there have been no issues . when you have the cell phone past the 10ft range from box instructed , you will get some static .
then it works like new again .
i really do n 't recommend it for the reason that it 's unrealiable and i have to wait for a replacement using the old wire connected ear pieces .
the sound is extremely clear that you wo n 't believe you have a bluetooth .
i needed them for data cables and charging of my gs3 . when i got them , much faster than i expected , i was pretty happy at first , till i used them . they are n 't the style in the photo nor are they replacement cables for samsung .
does what it needs to do i . e .
as i use the device i will add updates to the capacity of the battery and if it deteriorates or not .
certainly nothing so bad i ca n 't deal with it though . micro usb ports and easy pairing also make this a plus .
it 's a charger for dirt cheap and the shipping was n 't more than the item .
arkon makes quality products for your smartphone and i have yet to be disappointed by their products .
i use in an old school minivan , with a deep dashboard , and my phone is a galaxy ii ( i know , i 'll update it soon ! ) pros 1 sticks well on window .
i love this headphone for one reason .
i have dropped my phone several times since owning the case with no damage whatsoever to my phone . after owning the case several months i contacted the company and received the best customer service i have ever received from any company bar none .
on my bike , in my car , or in my house , i do n 't care , but out and about , i feel like a dork . function over form )
i 'm returning it and requesting a replacement to see if it was just that one headset .
i think it 's a great tool and i hope that they make more with improvements for different temperatures .
i did n 't think the sd card would take much power to retain it 's contents .
i love all the programmable features and the bluetooth accessories are a must .
it charges everything i need it to and even some electronics of my passengers .
i guess i was just greedy when i thought i was getting 3 great styli for a cheap buck and a half .
one end is longer than the other and its mic is bad i hate it and it broke after 2 months
great case , i would recommend it to anyone , i use mine all the time and the case also helps prevent sliding on tables or in the car
they either do n 't answer the hone , or leave you hanging for long periods of time on hold .
the sound quality is very good .
after listening to these earphones for an hour , i decided that the sound quality was unacceptably poor .
i got this because my wife saw my other charger but did n 't want a bulk one so i ordered the imp52d and she loved it ! great to carry on purse or in a pocket .
forget being able to talk on these in the car or at an airport or when walking outside .
the picture can be misleading you do n 't get two it 's just a front and back shot .
so far , if you just want to plop your iphone down and have it charge without finding the wires , then a charging dock is best .
for a long time i had a bluetooth dongle plugged in so that we could play music from our phones on the speakers .
it never comes apart unless you need it to .
the cord arrived as it said it would .
the sound quality is clean and accurate .
i bought this to replace an older charger .
it is narrower , but slightly thicker and longer to balance out the internal capacity .
i have not found another ear piece that can do this . 3 ) . everything else .
i tested this charger plug on my lg env3 ( vx9200 ) cellphone .
there is not usb on this model .
the price was $ 517 when i ordered , it dropped to $ 488 now .
my older lg phone connects automatically as i approach the house .
for me , the pros outweigh the cons .
it 's not difficult to put the phone in but you do have to force it a little , which i think is good because then i enjoy how snuggly the phone fits into the case .
i unplugged headset and switched to using my cell , and they said the problem went away , so unfortunately problem seems to be with this headset . also , just fyi , this does not come retail packaged , but shows up in a plastic bag with no instructions .
i purchased this to charge my htc evo 3d when in the car .
i was surprised at the quality for the price .
can easily keep my iphone 5 juiced up when travelinghome during the week . handy laser pointer and flashlight .
this site is also where you register and enter your credit card information .
its enough to keep your headset safe from the daily hazzards yet , small so it does not seem bulky .
it is comfortable enough to wear for long periods of time and the sound quality is great .
i have used this headset with my nokia 6620 and with my pc , and it works great with both , switching back and forth easily by telling either the pc or the phone to connect with it .
with the iphone , you get used to using your fingers pretty quickly .
this is the second plantronics 925 that i have purchased from amazon .
took way to long to get .
lasts way longer then the one we had before it .
however this purple one keeps showing a notice on the screen that it is not compatible with iphone .
get one and make your phone charge faster in your car !
there 's a bit more flexibility near the plugs than seems typical , but they 've held up well . i will also recommend not ordering them from an importer . ( i will recommend ordering them from cellular 5 star . )
its a nice case , does it 's job and it feels secure .
i travel for work a lot , and i have an ipad , and iphone , and a mifi .
i had everything the video said i needed , minus the skill .
i like the size , price , and utility .
i like it a lot , it feels nice and keeps the phone looking sharp .
there is a bit extensive learning curve , but it does not take away from being able to use the basic functions right away .
never seen this before but it 's very cool and works ok . discrete design .
i dropped my 3g iphone on a thursday and ordered a replacement screen , with overnight shipping , from a different company .
i like the fact that this unit does not lose readings when power is lost .
had it for over a year , fantastic quality and it even stretched to fit a slim bumper .
i do n 't feel like i need to make extra space in my gadget bag for this and its portability may be the best thing about it . i also love the added laser pointer .
sometimes you really have to use the force .
i suggest you purchase a slightly more expensive model with a push button lock to keep the cable extended .
cable is somewhat harder then the original one and with it phone charges longer then with the original one .
it is a quality build and has been working well for some time .
i owned this charger for about a year and i am very pleased how this product saved me from low battery on my galaxy s2 skyrocket .
as far as im concerned , its well worth the small amount
my reason for purchasing this is that when the radio is on and my phone rings it is very hard to hear it .
while my phone comes with a charger already i 'm actually using that cord in my car to charge it while i drive , thus leaving me chargerless while at home .
it was worth every penny and after i received and tested this out , i threw away my cheapie generic mini usb chargers !
i used it for my htc evo 4g cell not made well
ordered , received a couple of days later , and following the instructions set up the system .
with this product that reputation not only repeats , but holds up .
very good deal a lil under 40 bucks for the 2 items i got
it makes my throat hurt and im coughing so im going to leave the case outside for a couple of days and see if the smell goes away .
the charging cover case is solid and does a great job protecting the iphone 3 . and when you need a quick charge you just lay it on the charging pad and it does the rest .
this was my error and not an indication of the quality of the headset . i am replacing it with the exact same thing as this is the best headset i 've had the experience of using .
if you have a gs3 do n 't buy this it 's trash
thats why i put up with bugyness .
what i love here is the talk time . . . very long talk time so i am notafraid of battery problems . the size is just right to drop it in my front shirtpocket and you can even use voice to connect you for calling someone . i love this .
good voice quality , but watch those extra noises that yo might not be used to thinking about on a normal phone handset .
of course , it took a couple of hours to get it working under windows , but it worked first try on the mac ; )
it does n 't quite fit my giant head so well though .
you might just have to put the key items like credit debit license etc cards cuz that as much that u might fit and still have it close
how hard is it to make a charging cable ?
i have n 't tried it on leather or vinyl .
if i had to pick a down side i would have to say that i 'm dissapointed that motorola decided to make this phone look exactly like the v300 . i like what the body of the phone feels like , but a change of color would be better , maybe silver .
i like this charger because it has a light to verify that it is on , and when it is not in use you can unplug the usb and it is very small and out of the way .
it is not recommend that you use car chargers as they can damage your battery but these are great for emergency situations .
you have somewhere to put your bluetooth in and not have to look for your bluetooth .
however , if you do n 't mind the cables , this device works well .
however , i wish it was more compact and felt less fragile ( the plastic glass base feels like it could break ) .
but when i upgraded from the iphone 3g to the iphone 3gs , the older model had some connection maintaining issues .
the grip is strong but easy to release !
i used it with 2 phones and the only issue there was some noise sometimes during the conversations .
my son did not care for this .
when i turned my head , it fell off and out of reach .
charger was the correct one , that 's a big plus .
amazon shall remove this product or vendor from their list . the connector does not fit the 3g or 3gs iphone , pure trash . i should have requested my money back , too much waste of timeand energy .
i guess i assumed for $ 50 . 00 this feature was a given .
easy to grip and does n 't get all greasy .
you ca n 't go wrong with this case .
for a first 34 ; smart phone 34 ; it 's okay . little too thick , but it 's an old model . nokia os it 's crap and slow .
definetly what i needed to charge my phone .
the product is made in china but looks like made in usa .
it is thick enough to make me feel safe about the phone , and it looks good .
on those all day calls , literally 6 hours of phone use , the battery keeps up .
the sound is pretty decent , too .
my wife has small ears and ca n 't use a bluetooth that goes into her ear .
i find nothing convenient about the fact that you ca n 't sync or charge from your car without first removing the case .
no wonder the price was so low , this battery pack is so bad that with the iphone battery fully charged and this pack fully charged , i cannot get not even 5 hours of use out of the phonei noticed it from the beginning i should have returned this item right away . the newtrent i used to have outlast this one here by far
i have not attempted using htis on any other personal products .
update 18 march 2014after having the case for a week , i absolutely love it !
a little awkward to place on ear , but like everything else , after a while you get used to it . all in all , the product works well , specially for the price .
you never have enough iphone cables , so i 'll probably have to order a couple more .
i could not be more pleased ! edit 6 22 2013 i had to take this thing off of my phone , as the seam in the leather ( which was actually just glued ) started to split and come away from the cardboard ( ! ) inside .
the wrap around protection does not extend to the front , and it does n 't even come completely flush with the screen . even so , i still recommended .
the unit is very flimsy ; i 'm afraid it will break with even the gentlest handling .
i have a lg cu 500 and the phone did not have a problem in recognizing the cell phone .
it took me a couple days to get used to the feel of the bulkier pda phone compared to my smaller lg , but once i got into it , i love it .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
works good with our phones , better actually than the charger that came with one of the phones initially , great price
this is a solid unit , compact , sleek .
these actually discharged my samsung note 2 . i bought 3 and none of them worked .
many poorly designed chargers overheat , and they can also cause the battery to overheat , which is the reason many batteries fail to properly hold a charge . samsung designed this car charger to not activate until after the phone is attached , so you can keep the charger plugged in at all times without it getting hot .
even though this is a generic apple charger it did work with no problem for my cousin 's ipod touch ( it 's an old generation , probably the first one )
but the new one barely works at all .
takes a little to get used to as for comfort and people keep staring at you thinking you are talking to yourself but they work good .
as luck would have it , it is confortable , it does sound great and it was very affortable .
i can mumble softly and people hear me .
this case was terrible ! very flimsy , very pretty , very useless .
i put the phone on top of my dashboard and it stays there through out the whole ride .
i needed new ear buds for my ipod after the rubber started peeling off my old ones and therefore making them uncomfortable to wear .
i purchased ivyskins , this and that , plus two others i ca n 't remember the names of before trying this case .
the usb charging is nothing spectacular , i 'm using a samsung galaxy s3 . i have n 't tried a full load on this yet .
the outer piece has a flimsy feel but has held up and i 'm hard on my phones so that 's a good thing .
it also looked good when worn .
i searched online for a case for my new samsung galaxy note ii , and decided on this product with it 's cool design .
other than that it fits my phone .
pull on your device too quickly and it 'll put the plug right out of the tape while its still in the deck .
i wish it was a little bigger too so the phone could easily comes out specially when using the protector cover .
i received this cable and immediately noted that it not only deviated from what is pictured but that it was obviously a cheap , fake cable .
we each keep a spare battery , fully charged , in her purse and my pocket when we 're away from power and charging devices .
i paid $ 1 . oo for this one and that included shipping . . .
this cable i got for my galaxy s is amazing .
if you plan to buy this as a second charging location , then you 're already using the cables ac that came with your phone for your first dock .
i ordered this because i just wanted to have an extra charging syncing cable to carry around .
this own is by far the most clear , unencumbersome , comfortable set .
i had better luck with the same item from sf planet seller .
when i put my phone on the dock i switch it to the clock mode so the dock makes my phone an alarm clock at nite and keeps my phone in a convenient , safe place .
the charger is solidly built , no rattles and feels like it can survive repeated plugging and unplugging .
before installing the wilson system , we had constant dropped calls , when we could make or receive a call at all .
bought my cable last year and only used it for a couple of weeks before i decided to replace it with a cable from nokia . this eforcity unit is made of cheap feeling material .
great value , about 40 less than what palm was selling it for .
it 's small and neat , and simplicity itself to use .
the build quality is as expected .
i paid a little extra there because of the counterfeit scare in the online world !
to play music i had to play one by one manually .
there are other features in this phone but i did not feel the need to use them all . it is kind of expensive because you can always get a wireless phone set and use a cheaper corded headset , but if you need a dedicated phone with a headset , it is a good choice .
this item is a godsend to people that are detail work challenged .
i 've owned other cellphone brackets , and so far this one has lasted the longest .
but i feel that i 've gotten some decent value out of this handy headset from motorola .
my v600 was a very pleasant surprise .
why amazon allows this is beyond me , but that is not the point .
material is good quality and will last for some time , a very helpful device if you do n 't like leaving your headset in your ear all the time .
but i am thrilled ! ! ! to no longer pry open the rubber back and insert the micro usb . . . . .
if you want a lot of dialing features to carry around the house with you ( caller id , auto dialing , etc ) then the phone part of this is okay ( my portable phones all do these things , and are only a bit heavier ) . but i wanted really good sound , and this does n 't have it .
this cover started off ok , but after some use it started to get rubbery .
we have never had too much trouble with our cell phone reception living just outside a busy metropolitan area , but as our cell phones are our only phones , i expect them to function exceptionally well in our home .
the motorola h700 was the first and i really liked it . pros * good sounding audio .
just because it has the 2 usb slots does n 't mean it can tolerate the juice .
worked good and was long ( 60 ; thats what she said ) and it came quick ( 60 ; thats what she said ) in the mail . . .
you have to somehow put it on just the right amount to get it not to unsnap .
shipping time was great hands down , ordered it at 9pm and still got it two days later .
i received the headset quickly and it was as advertised , i got it used for a discount and have had no issues , it works perfectly .
the cable was cheap cheap cheap ( in the good sense of the word ) . it 's incredibly convenient to just hook this baby into the front of the tv and playback the video .
shipping took about 2 3 weeks but really enjoy the case .
you really ca n 't get much more portable than that . to use you invoke a 3 button key combination to help it initiate contact with your device .
i like the fact that it 's detachable so you can connect other devices that have a usb ending to it .
this device works so well that i bought a second one for my office .
i travel a lot and i am always in the need of extra juice . this battery charges up to 3 times my motorola atrix . construction is solid , it includes a usb to micro usb cable . con may be the size , not really a con to me but smaller would be great .
sure it 's dirt cheap , which is nice compared to the expensive real nokia cable , but with what these accessory vendors charge for shipping , i 'd recommend ordering several of these at one time from a source with a good deal on multiple items .
he has since used it to answer calls from our land line , and occasionally the sound quality just is n 't there . so why four stars ?
bought so we could charge to phones at the same time while in the car from the same port .
they all support voice prompt and they work fine without a display , but i recommend the display model even if do n 't plan on using it after installation .
the other problem is the battery , i thought nokia was going to fix the duration but it 's better to purchase more batteries or i recommend better the new and updated cradle from boxwave .
the extra few bucks was great for peace of mind .
they work well but just do n 't last .
when i first put this on , i did n 't realize it had two layers .
the ipod charger is so badly made that it got stuck in my ipod . . . i had to spend serveral minutes trying to jiggle it out . . . i believe the side buttons which actuate the clip in inop . . . i called cellpod and they said to send it back . . .
ok , so you have kids and they go through the genuine apple power cords like water then this is for you .
first , of course , i had to put 2 aaa batteries in it and , voila , it worked ! ! ! i am a happy camper ! ! ! as another reviewer said , it is surprising that some other manufacturer has n 't continued this concept in folding keyboards .
this charger is very lightweight and i was afraid it would break , but it has survived banging around from car to car and trip to trip .
this is my 3rd case for my iphone 3gs .
the retail price is over $ 75 which seems absurd give that i can only charge my blackberry phone without purchasing additional tips .
i was n 't expecting much for the price but at least that it holds my iphone , and it barely squeezes in with a good amount of force , i have a very slim skin cover .
since upgrading to the h730 , i have not had a single person ask if i was using a bluetooth .
the product is made of very thin material so its almost not noticeable which is the good thing about this screen protector .
i was also impressed by this little phone 's sound . the v330 is a real winner !
my one year old dropped it all the time and no problem .
ironically , i have a home repeater system after trying a couple of quick fixes ( i thought ) . this was an upgrade to a combination home and mobile solution i tried first before realizing the specific product to get the results i needed for my whole house solution .
a whole lot cheaper than what cellular stores want for these .
i tried it with the noise shield on and off but no difference .
very disappointed in the quality of this product .
nicest cover i have ever used for my blackberry torch .
some of them i had to throw out because they got ruined during installation . power support crystal film set was so easy to install , i got it perfect the first time .
i have at least a half dozen different cases for the iphone 3gs , never could find one that was giving the protection it needed but not take up much space in a pocket , and it has to have a good grip in the hand .
it paired easily with my lg android phone ( even tho i had never worked with a bluetooth device before it was easy ! ) , and my older lg phone .
this product accomplishes the task beautifully !
price was excellent as compared to retail , so i am very satisfied with purchase .
needed a cheap back up phone for my son .
well i saw these and figured why not .
nothing broke and it still works perfectly fine .
i have a cassette player in my car and wanted to be able to plug my mp3 player into it .
works fine and well worth the money .
i noticed that it takes a little bit longer to charge in the car ( not sure if its attributed to this charger or just car chargers in general ) but it works as i thought it would .
for some people , not a big deal , but for people who do n 't want to place something with adhesive on their dashboard or windshield , it 's a problem .
what i got was not whats pictured .
other than that , everything is just fine .
charges fast and stays in the phone and is pretty durable and came on time overall i 'm happy with my purchase !
have been using it for some time , and other than that it does n 't fit very well in my honda 's center console ( it needs to be pushed in every once in a while ) , i 've never experienced an issue .
after two weeks of use , the on off switch stopped working , and this feature was the main reason why i bought this unit .
this company knows what they are doing comfort qyuality you feel like you are in a theater i am so happy with this purchase unfortunatly i baught them in a retail store in an airport for way more
my previous phone , a 4s was protected a belkin case similar in quality to this one and never had a crack on the phone .
good for something like playing games , or if you 're prone to losing small objects like i am !
it only worked for a month then it would charge my phone anymore .
portable fan even on one of these ! ! i loved it so much , i bought another one .
it 's not hard to put it back in , but i wish it was planted in there better . overall i love this bluetooth .
i travel around the world and this device is perfect for keeping my small devices like my itouch powered up .
nice to have a few of these around for charging up anywhere in the house .
i hate having to carry two cell phones ( one for work , and one for personal use ) , because this typically means one phone is low on charge .
yes , cardboard . then , it would refuse to stick to the windshield no matter how many twisting and variety of places i tried .
i 've had this earpiece for years and it still works as well as it did on day one . never had any problems ; never falls out my ear .
the cable material itself feels much better than the generic brand i bought .
would buy from this seller again .
if you are planning on using this to charge smartphones , be very weary .
i took one star off of it since the wires are showing where you plug it into the phone .
i got a couple of these , and they work as expected .
it 's features are wonderful with the battery charger that is included you can recharge you device anywhere at anytime .
this is a must use item for energy savers .
it is a lot of cables , only the latter one is unique , but it has worked flawlessly so far .
it works perfect and it is small and compact , comes with a nice carrying pouch .
i 've looked at quite a few case with similar style , and the reason i chose this one is it covers the corners , the flap is smaller than some of the ones i considered , and the over all look is simple but elegant .
this has protected my screen very well from many drops .
it is the most stable , reliable , and advanced operating system of an smartphone around .
i bought this because having problems in the basement of my house and it works well signal is 4 or 5 bars instead of 2 or 3 bars ; easy and fast to set up and i use bluetooth headset so i can go 30 to 35 feet from signal booster
on an older one with a few scratches , there were a few bubbles but nothing horrible .
do n 't buy cheap lithium batteries or extra spares that you do not use .
it is not too bulky and it is an exact fit to my galaxy s5 . would recommend for great protection .
i 've since made several attempts to superglue it back together . * should the battery run down while in use it shuts me out of my call ( lg phone ) . * sometimes the ready in use light will go on , but i am unable to get the earpiece to respond . sigh lt ; after trying many different makes and models over the years ( sennheiser , blueant , cardo , motorola , ericksson , jabra , plantronics ) , i 'm sticking with plantronics for all future purchases .
i have used this kit to fix a bunch of cell phones and price is right and tools work great
the earpiece unthreaded itself and disappeared within the first week or so .
it is still disappointing that it does n 't work well with the ipad considering that i can use my ipod cable interchangeably with my ipad and get the same charge results .
i actually use the laser pointer in meetings presentation or to just watch my friends cat chase it .
the juice pack worked great for my mother 's phone . . . and then it just up and died .
does this work for how it is intended ?
i actually bought another since it is so inexpensive so i now have one at home , work and for my suitcase ( on top of the car charger in my glove compartment ) so i never have to worry about looking for a charger .
i 'd really hate to buy a new headset just because the battery will no longer hold a charge . regardless , i have found the bt250 to be a better value than the hs810 .
it seems that , to date , no one has really created a durable holster for the note 2 , but this one is the best so far .
the only problem i had was with a ( palm pre ) phone which i ca n 't blame the ge device as it turned out the plam pre phone was a desaster and they are off the market for good . one thing to mention here is that the only way you can get this device to work is when you leave your cell phone close ( less than a foot ) to the device .
these are cheaply made chinese knock offs .
simple to install and a great way to help protect your phone . my wife really liked the ability to change the look of her phone .
i bought a samsung infuse 4g and it did n 't come with a charger but i already had the wall port for the usb charger . so i ordered this .
paired easily with both my phone and laptop .
the price led me to believe it was going to be a cheap plastic piece , but i figured , what the heck .
that 's 14 , 600 times in a year and you 're complaining that the stitching is coming apart ?
. . and i 'm from europe , where the phones and networks are much better than in the states .
this item is fix with iphone 3g and 3gs .
gave up when i got a tablet ( see my review for motorola xoom ) and realized bluetooth works great to transfer phone 's photos .
i 'm on my second ionic guardian for my phone .
this is , by far , my favorite case .
battery life so far has been solid , no worries there .
it was straight and not curved ( 60 ; thats what she said )
here 's my thoughts the sound quality is better than the parrot on both ends .
this case is slim and sleek and looks great on a black s4 . not sure if i would buy it for a white phone .
but the battery life on this is really the winner my work mates have rechargeable headsets , and it seems like they 're always having to charge them .
it came with a warranty , its very small and its costs less than $ 10 . it picks up a little noise sometimes , but so did every other headset i have used and it is n 't bad .
charges my motorola photon 4g fast , my brother 's htc arrive fast , my sister 's samsung rant , and a lg flip phone . charging is super quick .
it isnt all that loud but its there .
very useful and does the job i like how small it is and the look of it highly recommended for people who need gadgets for there toys
so after an hour i tried pairing it with my phone , and voila , it still works !
it 's not that great , it usually charges when it wants to .
i only used this a handful of times before the connector was n 't making a strong connection to the phone any longer .
all in all , good price , easy to use , sturdy , and most people wo n 't notice the sound quality .
it works very well and i would very much recommend this product because it would give you more usb access to your laptop or desk top .
but is certain to protect your camera from shock etc .
its a charger and it works so i guess buy it .
i washed off the case in a river and my phone was just fine on the inside .
i 'm not sure what the purpose of making only the back aluminum except to keep it low cost , but as anyone purchasing this is probably expecting a metal case it is a let down over all . p . s .
i had to change a flat tire in the sun one day , and i guess my sweat , or the heat of being in my ear in the 95 degree sun killed it .
works perfectly for my evo 4g ( which btw is not as bad with batteries as some have said ) . love the charger , love the phone .
it 's been 3 4 years and it still works .
it would be better for it to have been black .
the plastic stylus was not recognized by my phone so i e mailed elago and they informed me that they sent out the wrong model . . . way to go , real professional elago .
not sure what other reviewers are talking about when they stated they did n 't receive all 3 large eartips .
i bought this as a second charger for my blackberry tour .
i have purchased many chargers for my samsung phone on amazon and honestly the quality is just so so on them .
it is rather hollow inside , so it 's very lite .
i thought this would be a narrow angle of viewing , but it was too dark and blurred the screen too much . on the other hand , it was easy to install and was the correct size . edit i talked to the seller , i would recommend the clear version .
horrible qc to say the least .
all the rest is good . the phone is terrific as a phone .
it was a little bit bulkier than i thought , but it is not overbearingly large at all .
price and quality ca n 't be beat
the small sleek size is perfect for my pocket allowing me to bring it anywhere i go .
verizon wanted almost $ 40 dollars for this battery i got it for under $ 10 , and it is new .
this case is n 't just cute but very sturdy .
i bought this because my dad is always losing his ear pieces so i figured this would be a good one to try in case he lost another .
i have in and went to the the verision store and bought one that actually works .
it took me awhile to get used to the earpiece fit .
i pushed a little harder , and that seemed to get the iphone working .
first is sound quality , the sound is clear and decent highs just not enough bass for me .
it is , what it is . . . but it works !
when i travel and have to sit in a conference room all day , i can just plug in my phone or headset to this charger and juice up .
this is not a case for a florida summer .
pay more and get a real cord .
that being said , it 's probably just the glue on this one that went bad on the face plate because the other four of them my company has have had no such problem .
the volume and mute buttons are kinda small and hard to reach press . those are just small details though .
this is an easy product to use and practical .
i believe i know why they do n 't . . . by limiting the number of words used to command the device , it can better recognize what you 're saying .
that is a nice touch that keeps me from having to carry too many cords .
strike that you have to click and hold the button to start the charge .
on top of that , i chose the one from sf planet who had a good rating , and paid for standard shipping , instead of the one that offered free super saver shipping , to get it a little faster , on 6 14 , and i still did n 't get it until today , 6 22 . not sure what i gained paying for the upgraded shipping .
system sounds go through it and that 's pretty cool ! i give it a 4 out of 5 .
my son has 2 monitors with speakers in each , got this for him now he listens to his computer on 4 speakers and has great sound . .
i originally got this holster for my iphone 4s which it first side to side perfectly plenty of room vertically and could tight strap to be snugger .
okay , so i have had this for a little less than 24 48 hours . pros closes beautifully with a magnet .
i ca n 't always get the charger to charge my phone and even when it does charge , it is very slow .
this phone has the worst caller id display i 've ever seen .
however , it kept breaking up when i 'd listen to the music .
i 've just had this for a week , so i am not sure how long it will be this great , but is the best bluetooth stereo device i have ever bought .
this skin is perfect barring the above defects .
i had to transfer my calendar and contacts from my old cli eacute ; and found that some of my old palm applications caused the treo to restart ( i promptly deleted them ) . generally it was just tedious software stuff , including a tricky firmware update from the palm website , but do n 't expect to be ready out the door . 2 . before you buy , budget for accessories .
i know it 's at a cheap price point , but it has a great fit , plenty of grip , does n 't add much bulk at all , and when i dropped my phone on the pavement it bounced !
i 've been a big fan of plantronics products for some time .
no longer have the 3gs but when i did this case worked very well with it .
i have a dash t mobile phone and it work great with it . .
now with this i can keep it outside of my bag clipped onto the zipper , easy access , looks like a cute trinket , and no more messy cords most importantly .
so its a great case if you never need to open the battery cover .
after the initial failure i 've found that i can wrap or coil the cord around the device to maintain the angle or pressure on the connection which works about 80 90 of the time .
it charges just as good as the iphone dock .
i do n 't have that issue as of yet and i sweat pretty bad . also all the controls work well , even calls when using the headphone switch .
overall , this is an excellent solution to any battery life issues you may have .
the wired connection works great but i have no use for it since bluetooth connection works so well .
i bought this for my verizon blackberry 9650 and it works flawlessly .
i bought the imp70d battery pack right before a long trip after quite a bit of research and after a brief experience with a friend 's imp99d , which saved the day .
great for the price , only complaint is that the whole center ring lights up blue which is very annoying at night . edit was great when it worked now it 's a no go .
it works with minimal static as this happens on occasion , but not so much that i have a problem hearing what is being said .
but the only down fall about this cord for me is that it does n 't charge on the computer but it works well as a regular charger )
seemed like a good buy buy tbh i never end up using it since im almost always wearing or charging my bluetooth .
it is also fairly expensive for what you get .
another dumb design is that you have to put a clip and stick it to the back of your phone , like i need more bulk on it .
my original iphone cord started coming apart at the connector after 6 months of use , and charging started becoming sporadic .
the form factor on this one is just about the best .
this was one of the few phone you could get that was touch screen but required no data plan at the time .
i have a 16 gb card in the blackberry which i use when i travel , the ipod for longer flights .
all responded that they did n 't know i was using a bluetooth and they could hear me clearly . also . . .
they sound much better than i had anticipated , and i would recommend this for anyone with a compatable lg phone . i used the hands free a couple of times and it works reasonably well , but does pick up enough outside wind noise to make it not practical on moderately to very windy days .
i hope they work out , because they 're light and sound great .
we both have iphones now , but this cover really did the trick in keeping his phone protected and gave his phone a little more flare which men rarely do lol .
but i must say it is nearly impossible to remove .
they do not twist very easily and they are both in line and tuck into the battery .
seeing is how the 2 , 5 star reviews on this item are from fake users who seem to be trash talking other iphone battery sellers and 5 staring there own is pretty messed up so therefore it appears this seller is some type of scammer .
but since 2 of the 4 i bought have either failed to stay paired or when paired simply have no quality connection i ca n 't recommend this product and i hesitate to recommend the brand .
it does what it 's suppose to do .
the iphone is so sensitive to the touch , it 's easier to just use my fingers . . .
ugh ! ! i hope this seller enjoys my donation . . .
be aware that the cord is not included , but you can use the one that came with your blackberry . i like the fact that the light changes from red to green to indicate when the battery is fully charged . i got this , along with an extra battery and car charger for under $ 30 at amazon .
if you see this sizing and understand it , then it 's good for your cell phone .
what are you going to do ?
the case does not fit my phone well .
only time will tell about its durability . bottom line an excellent product for those interested in protecting their blackberry curve .
the price is also unbeatable so it 's a great value as well .
it sticks , stays for a day and after that sides of it starts coming off .
otherwise the model seemed perfect for carrying a motorola droid razor m .
i had just bought a motorola h375 , fed up with plantronics and jabra 's not being anywhere near as good as they should be ( not including bt250v ) . worked great for two weeks .
the rubber ear tip that holds it in my ear is pretty comfy as long as i do n 't wear it all day long .
it is used to sync my iphone with itunes .
so far i would recommend this battery . update 4 weeks after installing this battery is would only last 5 hours and that was barely using the iphone with no voice calls at all during that time and no extra heavy use of the internet or anything .
apparently , the charging light does n 't show up while i charge my devices using this product .
i find myself wiping off oils and finger prints constantly .
you will get a nockoff product , not the actualsamsung brand that is pictured . but it works . . . 3 stars because it 's a valid product .
i bought this set base on a lot of reviews saying it charge their ipods .
i was able to download blackberry app zone and get many of my favorite applications faster then on my curve .
do n 't hesitate . delivery was prompt too .
not sure if adding this decreases the charge time or not , but it seems so .
the sound is still great ( on both ends ) . and no issues with durability !
it is basically a pretty phone with very good reception , but the outgoing voice quality is below average .
it is expected that this type of protector will require a bit of squinting in the sunlight ( it 's a mirror . . . really it is an actual mirror ) and turning up the brightness on your device but it looks cool .
i have small ears and i have yet to find an earpiece that i like or that will stay in .
i ordered an oem blackberry headset a months ago , it was just like the one that came with my storm , could not tell the difference the amazon seller was bto inc . i placed another order for my wife headset , three weeks later this time was offered by amazon seller , the oem shop for the same price .
my next impression was how nice it looked .
speck products are very good and inexpensive .
looking forward to more from this company !
when i finally got the ear piece in correctly ( and more about that in a minute ) i could n 't hear anything around me .
it sometimes emits a lot of static as well .
i use microsoft voice command with my xv6700 pocketpc phone .
everyone usually has a usb connection of some sort .
when this charger goes it tends to loose it 's fit firmly in usb and has a short .
good enough to use anywhere and keep the oem one safe at home .
numerous times buttons on the screen were accidentally touched and the camera would come on and different things would activate . the screen rotation system was horrible with a 3 5 second delay from landscape to portrait mode not to mention the phone is just awfully slow . and keep in mind , this was n 't just my phone , i ordered over 5 of these and everyone complained about the same thing , all were sent back .
was n 't a major problem , as the call quality was good 'nuff and i did n 't want to spend $ $ $ 's to setup a full blown repeater system . but ( there 's always a but ) , just as i was scheduled to spend 4 weeks working from home ( i usually work at client site ) my providor lost a cell tower .
the headset stays on , but can sometimes feel like it 's flopping in the back .
if mounted anywhere near your radio , which is often the case , it will completely kill your reception , fm or am .
and since we 're always on the go , the itorch has been the perfect accessory for keeping our devices charged and ready to go . usually when we take long trips with our friends and family , someone is always asking for a wall charger and then they have to find an outlet to use .
when i tighten it around my arm it never moves no matter how fast i am running .
got it and it did n 't even work on an iphone or ipod .
make sure you get memory chip for extra storage .
i recommend looking at the video review that another reviewer posted here to see how to install it ; there are several small pieces that could become an issue to install . the case does not add too much to the overall size of the phone .
and beyond that , it seems it might suck more power then just one small thing plugged in .
great buy and they 're much cheaper than apple 's own .
overall it works as indicated but not a super duper product to write home about . . . also is kind of hard to tell which way increases the volume or decreases it . . .
this cable is an economical choice for a backup to the cable that came with your device .
otherwise , it 'll do for protection , but does n 't look nearly as nice in use as some other products .
it 's grippy enough that you do n 't feel like it 'll slip out of you hand , but it 's not too grippy that you ca n 't get it out of you pockets . one thing to be aware of is that this is a tight fitting case .
my favorite case for my iphone .
these are the cheapest chargers i have ever purchased .
it works well and does have louder sound than the laptop speakers , but not quite enough for what i was looking for , so i experimented with it as a speaker phone for my droid and that 's where it really shines .
i have to say , me and this product have had a love and hate relationship . let 's go over a few things this product includes * the actual mount * variations for different idevices , ( it can fit up to a iphone 3g ) * a free aux to aux cord now the review .
it helps if you turn the volume gain up on the cell phone itself , but that causes some echo for the other person that is talking to you .
so far unit works well , sound is very good and comfort not bad .
sometimes the hotel room does not have enough outlets .
i like the case so far fits ok my samsung galaxy s2 i like that is very shiny and soft to the touch .
i had to cut ever so slightly the edges so it fits without bubbles .
you plug it in as directed on the instructions .
as most of the reviews have been stating . . . . . this is an excellent case for the note !
after purchasing my palm pre , i had to have this charger .
when she is in the car talking to me on it i can barely hear her because of the car noise and even with her having the radio on low it is still annoying to hear everything in the background .
and it 's barely loud enough if there 's no other traffic and or kids are quiet . noisy to callees . people i call always complain about having difficulty understanding me so it does n 't do a good job of cancelling ambient noise . for both noise and volume reasons i end up driving with my left hand cupped over my ear and towards my mouth .
great price it was for my iphone 4 and 4s so my daughter and i both use it she like lock feature on part attach to the phone
some have commented that pink line means the battery has been exposed to water , but i do n 't think so because my original battery had the pink line since it was brand new .
no noticeable difference between this and the charger that came with the evo .
now for the bad , which to me is most important because obviously , a case like this is not meant for protection of the phone , because it is thin , this case is meant for adding some color to your phone which is why i bought it , to match with outfits and stuff .
it does n 't add unnecessary bulk and fits in my pocket or purse easily .
i had thought originally that by just placing an item on it , it would charge .
now i 'm glad for its flexibility since it gives it a slightly rubbery surface that absorbs some shock when being set down .
i 'm really enjoying my new kill a watt monitor because for the first time i can see exactly where and how i 'm utilizing power in my house and make a direct correlation back to my monthly bill .
i appreciate amazon 's effort in resolving this problem quickly , but still it looks amazon is getting too comfortable being the 1 e retailer for too long , wake up , amazon . com !
i 'm looking for a new headset and there 's nothing like this one .
i still would n 't go purposely dropping your phone onto concrete with this case on , but it does provide some protection if the phone falls off your desk or vibrates off the coffee table .
when it fell out the case came off .
another reviewer mentioned receiving the adapter which is physically smaller .
five of each , essenstial for ipod rebuilders such as myself .
i 'd bought a generic charger from amazon some time ago and at some point it got crushed and broke apart .
worth every penny . it took about a week to arrive .
this is easily my favorite case so far .
the product arrived on time and is as described .
i wanted a new charger that would charge more efficiently .
i do like the fact that i can use it as usb charger or wall charger , depending on my needs .
you have to put your phone within 6 inches away from the ear piece to get better reception .
i bought these for replacing my short cable . i do n 't know why but samsung reduced length of cord and made them super short . cables work okay as expected and no complaints on that part . maybe samsung is in penny pinching mode .
maybe it needs that separate adapter that they also mention ( although they claim it works with the iphone guaranteed . for all these poor performance reasons , it goes back into the box and returned for a refund .
like other reviewers mentioned , this thing has a great build quality overall very sturdy and solid .
only time will tell if it really is much of a bargain . note . . .
so you are stuck there like a land line . ! foot away it is great .
many devices do n 't support this and it 's a nice touch . the most unfortunate thing is that no matter how strong your reception is there 's nothing you can do when at t ; 's has service issues .
the only annoying feature was the method by which the flashlight and laser pointer are turned on off ( x number of clicks to turn on and another x number of clicks to turn off ) . but , certainly tolerable and not a deal breaker .
its the same item as it shows on the picture .
before i was using the mophie case but i could n 't wear it often because it was like having a hot brick in your pocket , hence i had to always leave it at home . on the contrary , with powerbear , i never take it off because i ca n 't even tell the difference .
after a couple of days , one side went out and i was only able to hear from one side .
the original blackberry curve 83xx is a pretty amazing device .
they have their issues like all the cell companies now for customer service but it is the phone itself the rebate program that was an issue for all 6 of us . 3 people had problems with the buttons on the phone and had to send them back before they even got their rebates .
i cannot think the energy savings are substantial but hopefully it is the start of greener technology . i would not recommend this device over the usual charging cords unless you have money to burn and want the latest gadget .
and forget about playing it loud .
it 's not dangerously sharp , but it will let you know if you , say , accidentally clip it to your pants rather than the belt .
i really wanted this to work but it never charged my phone for more than 2 minutes .
i like the protection this case offers , as well as the grip it gives me phone to keep it from sliding out of my pocket in the car ; ) . i do think it could be a little more rigid but the softness does help with the shock protection .
i 'm told the microphone quality is clear with proper volume .
also works for a few other phones .
skip these . . . there are better products out there !
you can block out the rest of the world easily ; which is very good since i ride a noisy commuter train every day .
took about 4 days to get here .
just up and down , not side to side .
could n 't distinguish between lower and uppercase and just a general dirt cheap phone .
it has been working fine for several weeks .
i wanted something sturdier to protect my iphone .
other than that , i highly recommend giving the jawbone a try , if you do n 't mind sacrificing some $ $ $ . this headset is exclusive with at t which is why the price is high here , but can be found cheaper through at t outlets .
it 's exactly the same as the first one i bought three years ago ! ) i like the fact that it 's easy to turn on and off by folding the boom .
they would not connect well or be loose so it would n 't charge .
i had a personal and an office phone that took different cords , so instead of buying an extra charger , i purchased this charger and used the usb cords that i already have around the house .
of the 8 headsets i 've tested , this one is about average .
what can i say great price , great service , works great ! ! !
you do have to push a little harder for the side buttons but that does not bother me .
the charging tips that fit into your phone were only for motorola and nokia .
not really a big deal , but it is breaking away from normal use .
i use this with an at t fuze phone for music and phone .
does what it is suppose to but the blue light is very bright .
nice charge dock , does n 't come with the carry case like it showed in the add , but still nice
it works but its really thin and will break easy .
the batter has been great too !
this product does not work well at all .
plus everybody hears me perfect even while biking . .
i maybe charge them twice a week maybe . can make phone calls with them , can control your music through your phone with them .
i really loved this zebra case , it shipped on time and was what i imagined it to be , the only issues was that once you 've had the case on for a period of time it starts to turn darker ( the dirt i guess ) but still is a cute case !
it works nicely for light cell phones , but for those bigger ones like apple 's iphone , it does feel a lot bulkier , and can easily fall off .
however , do n 't count on much protection for your phone , even on the back where the apple logo is exposed one wrong move with your car keys in your purse or pocket and you 'll end up with a big scratch along the back too . i 've since changed my case out to something with more coverage , and i 'm happier using that instead .
i rarely use the flashlight or laser pointer , but they are cool little features that could come in handy .
just be sure it supports a2dp .
i now have a hands free cell phone experience in both places .
charge very quickly and love the blue light and very sturdy would buy again for the great product ! ! !
arrived 2 days earlier than stated eta , packaged nicely , charger is one of the nicer units i 've seen for any phone .
i like the simplicity of this item , and the fact that it has a small clip that you can use to clip onto a backpack , purse , etc .
sleek and convenient to store and i just love it .
i needed a second antennae for my wilson sleek cell booster so i could leave one with my vehicle and the other at my weekend residence for convenience .
these are great because they allow me to go wireless . . . headphone cords can be so annoying . they have a 6 hour run time on a full charge , so for me they fit the bill . one thing that concerns me is sweat .
it keeps the iphone well protected while it gives you easy access to pull the phone and put it back in place .
so for $ 10 or so , you ca n 't beat it .
with much anticipation , i tried the jawbone icon , eager to believe some of the rave reviews it has had .
put in my car , and i find i want to charge my phone more now .
the smell is completely gone now .
also , i did n 't expect to be able to dock the iphone with this one , but removing it takes more effort than it should for quick removal .
well to each their own i guess .
i needed a way of charging my ipod that was not though the usb port and the pod works .
you ca n 't even imagine a lithium battery is sitting in such a leather weight body that can hold on for 7 hours' talking . i spent $ 10 on this headset and could n 't be more happy .
as long as it 's under ten dollars ( including shipping ) . fyi , it is very roomy for my 4th gen ipod touch before i put a shell on it , but now it fits perfectly just snug enough that the ipod wo n 't slip out .
i charged it again , andthen same issue .
thankfully , i can just plug the adapter right into the headset , bypassing the need for the extra bulk . the price ; but honestly , after spending more on a collection of less impressive headsets over the past few years , you really do get what you pay for . highly recommended for it 's sharp looks , perfect clarity and ultra comfort .
on the upside , the acoustics seemed decent , but then i only used the headset once and decided to return it .
the otterbox is not so pretty .
unlike other cheaper chargers , this one does n 't blow it 's fuse easily ( has n 't happened once yet ) .
this bluetooth is not woth buying .
the flashing is pretty annoying , but all of my bluetooth units have had that , so i get used to it .
phone callers ca n 't even tell i am on a bt headset , no complaints of inablility to hear my voice will on a call .
bought this for my wife 's desk at work so she would n 't have cables stretching across the desk .
i always have faith in samsung products !
so anyway , ez to through in a bookbag or nap sack and have that cable with you it takes up no room .
the volume down button worked , so i tried lowering the volume to the bottom and then increase . . oh well . . it reached the bottom and wo n 't increase , so essentially you ca n 't hear any sound out of it any longer .
the clip case is secure for normal use , but be careful not to catch it on anything , which could pop your phone out .
that 's why this product loses a star . this powerstation will work well for those of you who own older devices and do n 't plan to upgrade anytime soon , but otherwise you may want to consider another satechi power station that is compatible with the devices available today . to the seller 's credit they took my return no questions asked , with a quick refund .
if you are an outdoors person , you need this protection .
well when i got them they do work .
this one just plus in and will retract to fit in the compartment with no fuss or tangling .
but the only drawback was when on the highway , people heard a lot of background noise still , and i use my headset a lot like this .
sometimes it will synch and charge and other times it will say that it 's not supported .
always good to have an extra usb data cable .
the second drawback is that to synch your phone , you have to remove the skin to be able to plug in the cord to connect to the computer . if you are okay with using the duracel skin all the time and the synch issue does n 't bother you , this would be a great device .
the mirror gave me a headache personally , but they did look wicked cool on my ipod .
it started to get loose but it works well to charge my samsung phone and is handy to have in the car
unfortunately , hers die within 2 months with very light use .
i had problems with the seller on amazon sending me the wrong one then wanting me to send it back which would have cost more than i paid for the battery .
i ordered it last week , it fits snug no issues . product was as described .
i have a motorola razr phone and i absolutely hate it because it has low hearing volume and bad reception resulting in missed calls .
recommend this item for value and functionality .
will last a day with little usage .
anyway , if you need the right angle , then it will be a 5 star review for you .
one other area of concern is the camera .
this case is better than i thought i love the feel and design and it is well made and doen not collect dust .
it was fairly easy to apply however the microfiber cloth that comes with it is useless so use one of your own even when you need to clean your touch screen .
in the first half of the trip i noticed that the phone was n 't charging but it was n 't losing any juice either .
i can be in the kitchen and this will work superbly . e ) this works very well both with my blackberry and my ipod touch 2g . f ) excellent for the gym .
were else can you buy a otterbox case for under ten bucks ? case is a perfect fit and can also be washed off in the sink to look new over and over again . . . .
my only wish is that they blocked out environmental noise a little better , but maybe it will be a side benefit that i can listen to music while riding my bike and not have all sound totally eliminated , just wish it had better sound isolation for wearing em on the subway , but i guess that 's okay . update ( one day later ) . . the headphones no longer have stereo sound .
most would n 't stay in the jack , or would give out after a few days .
when i plug this cord into my phone for the first time i had to wiggle it around to get it to make a connection .
this is the first headset that i ever bought that did not come with any instructions i can not load it on my phone
spend the extra money on a better quality battery , i wish i had ! ! !
cutting clutter , if you do n 't consider the mat and the wireless charging case clutter .
the unit keeps me from trashing my several dozen mini usb cables i have collected over the years !
this one fits into the usb port .
i said no . . . i paid for deliver to my house and i 'm not running around town looking for dhl . . .
it also will lift the protector film .
i do a lot of powerpoint presentations to groups of about 30 people and wanted a speaker for the few audio clips in my presentations that i could easily carry with me without having two speakers and a power supply , so i bought this speaker .
this case was just what i expected when i bought it .
i also like the fact that you can pair 2 phones to it .
i love the cherry blossoms but now that i have the 4s i cannot find a cover like this one for it .
i contacted their customer service and they asked to send the phone again .
this one allows sound to play while it 's plugged in and being used .
this has a domino effect in that , suddenly the volume goes to the max or the track skips .
some holes might be a little at the microphone but no big deal .
people ca n 't even hear my noisy studded tires when i am driving . headset is lightweight and feels great wearing it . ( i forget it 's in my ear it 's co comfortable . ) volume can go very loud .
i bought 5 . three did n 't work right out of the package .
i 've tried many screen protectors for my iphones over the years cheap to expensive .
i always thought it was obnoxious to leave your headset on all the time , but now i know why people do it .
this device is wonderful , very light weight and portable and works excellent .
i bought this before i bought a battery pack with the initials rs .
it 's shinny and translucent , but at the same time feels durable .
this is my second krusell case and it is very different leather than the first one .
i am using this cable with my samsung epic 4g and a couple of lg phones that also have the micro usb connector and as expected they work fine .
works great and seems to last as long as original battery did when new .
i find the phone comfortable to wear and easy to use .
i bought this cable 4 months back .
it is a more basic model so it wo n 't help your 4g connection ( lte , etc ) but it 's better than not having it ! for us it was a bit pricey but worth it .
i bought this to replace my 5 year old plantronics .
it 's not going to break , and because of its design , it does not readily come off of the belt without deliberately doing so .
i like to listen to music in a dimly lit room .
it holds a charge for a long time , whereas the other ones would die sooner . good sound quality , comfortable fit .
my husband is a retired truck driver and recommended this set to me .
the charger keeps my phone or tablet charged all day long for a few days !
my concern is either the cable will eventually get stuck or the cable itself will get broken . other than that , it 's a great inexpensive charger .
this is a pretty good deal for what you get .
the other imitation i bought with the more straight ahead plug not the slanted to the side like this one actually fit better and still charging strong !
i would recommend it to anyone looking for a great , comfortable , good sounding bluetooth .
this small part did fit and it did serve it 's purchase , however , it was a little bit overpriced for my liking .
i needed a new headset because i was n 't able to hear my wife on the other end and that 's never good .
it was shipped to me fairly quickly and i got it well within the estimated time .
i noticed other skins are hard to slide in to your pockets since they have lots of grip and are kind of tacky .
a friend told me his earpiece kept falling off the lanyard , but i have n 't experienced that he has one of the larger , heavier earpieces with a boom , and i bought the ultra lightweight model , so that may have something to do with his problem .
i purchased these for my old iphone 3 , but with the new glass on the iphone 4s and 5 , we do n 't need screen protectors anymore .
i tried it when my phone was fully charged and the phone battery still drained .
the external charger my girlfriend has is a lot slimmer , and fits very well .
they have an iphone 5 and liked the way it looked .
it last for several months , ( up to a year ) , so a good value , and i can use the screen with thin gloves on , not so with the obx .
the belt clip never worked as a stand before it finally broke off due to my bending over with phone on my belt .
i pulled it out further , retracted about 4 or so inches of it .
that is unfair since it lowers the over all rating .
having lost my original charger , this was a must have item .
after removing my phone from the surfacepad calls in the same locations had no problems and callers could hear me loud and clear .
i am listening to music on them as i write this .
the sound quality is superb , and the functions are outstanding .
it never felt good while wearing it .
the sides are pretty open , i like the way it looks but its is susceptible to damage there if it falls on something .
if it were n 't for the fact that these are the best headset for running and the gym i would n 't bother .
did not impact usability so i did n 't care .
it charges super fast and has a nice design !
take my advice buy the commuter case instead !
fits okay but not perfect , so the edges wo n 't seal sometimes .
these actually work as advertised , even though we bought this for the 3gs , it works on our ipod touch and video ipods as well .
i 've had no issues with screen touch sensitivity .
it is good , and look so cute .
it actually does n 't look that bad and it still slips right in my pants pocket wtihout a huge unsightly bulge . the plastic cover was easy to install bubble free with a credit card and a little patience only took two tries .
the quality was very poor and the shipping took incredibly long .
the case is holding up well and looking pretty good ; the screen proctector has a few scratches but overall , looks ok .
i will never buy from the oem shop . it is not worth to send it back .
i checked it with a different original apple iphone screen , just to make sure it wasnt the main board and its not .
for normal pictures , it is ok as it case does not block the lens , however it does partially cover the flash .
at first it charged my phone just fine but then it stopped charging ; i waited a day to charge again but it still did n 't charge .
this holster did the job and at such a great price .
the warning of things to come was the fact that 2 ear clips came with the unit .
finally an earpiece that fits and does n 't hurt .
i am very happy with the nokia cell technology , are durable and easy to handle .
with normal usage , my phone wo n 't make it through the day .
cutouts are good , not quite perfect , but you 'd have to be ocd to notice .
the micro usb port just seems to be bending a little every time .
plug in your phone while its in your purse and keep it charged 100
if you have the verizon pre plus , ignore those saying this is n 't the kit because you already have everything you need .
it does everything it needs to do , and it 's ridiculously cheap .
the clarity is very good for the most part , but the advertised wind cancellation feature is not exactly as good as they promote .
my first headset developed some problem with the microphone and people were not able to listen to me .
the term new simply implies that the item has not been used and has nothing to do with how long the item has been stored or inventoried .
my main concern is that the itorch can get pretty warm while charging .
i give it 5 starts for working but take away 2 for amount of time it holds a charge .
but this one looks as good as it performs . . .
i got two of these and they stay plugged into my samsung captivate better than the one that came with the phone .
i switch back and forth from this to a full cover to save the phone some abuse .
it 's not an elegant solution . i know the face in is supposed to protect your screen , etc . , but what 's the point of that if it renders your phone completely unusable ?
i have found that all of the after market products that i have tried work well and they are so inexpensive that even it they do n 't work it is not worth the postage to return them .
i have pretty low requirements so here 's what i was looking for * comfort while wearing glasses . * only use 1 2 hours a day during commute . * good sound quality on both ends . the hs 850 met my needs pretty well .
these have great sound and my voice is clear to other parties .
just bite the bullet and get the microsoft one , or get a new monitor for christmas that has hdmi input like i did .
but i have to say , even with the minimum protection it provides , it is a very pretty case , and will definitely protect your phone from getting scratched up over time .
i recommend this product if you already have a powermat .
after pressing more than a few keys , the screen would lock up and i needed to remove the battery to reset it . last warning watch out for the charges for inbound messages if you really dislike a t mobile subscriber , send them lots of text messages ( free from their site ) the subscriber has to pay $ 0 . 05 message .
that part works perfectly . then you can use the keyboard on the iphone 3gs .
i have to say i 've had to turn down the volume on this before !
gets good signal and dose n 't heat up the phone .
definitely worth the $ if you own a wireless headset and you roam around the house office while talking on the phone .
my bluetooth arrive and i could not wait to try it .
most important is it stays where you hook it !
i hope this one works longer than the others .
but , in fairness , if having the insert is the reason for the great volume . . .
if your concerned about adding a little bulk or showing off your iphones good looks maybe another case may be your best option .
says it 's much heavier and better quality and charges faster .
case is very nice , great , solid fit .
i needed a way to charge my iphone without carrying a huge battery pack or something really heavy .
mine broke right out of the package .
no more trying to keep up with just one charging cable .
i would have been better off putting the camera in my pocket than this case . do not purchase this item !
i do n 't have to stop or get my phone out of my bag , i can just git the button and this headset will automatically stop my music and connect me with the call .
i would recommend it for its cord and sound quality .
it got to the point that jabra would just send me 3 complimentary ear loops at no charge .
i bought this to charge my iphone and tablet in the car .
its not unbearable , but more like annoying .
the only major issue is this unit disables the volume controls on my blackberry curve .
the sound quality was not very good .
the seller shipped extremely quickly i think i had it within 3 days of ordering .
easy to follow instructions and may actually work with a phone but would not pair or connect to my mac laptop which is what i bought it for .
small toys stay too ! ! ! ! enjoy ! !
i looked up the difference , and though the model on the motorola website for the spn 5356a has a different looking flatter plug end than the other , they both supposedly fully charge the phone in 3 5 hours , and on the droid forum i saw the comparison on , was told they could be interchanged .
those who already have a case they use will probably not benefit from this d wrap .
it is very comfortable and lighter than it looks .
when i pressed this into service i had 4 full bars of service in the middle of nowhere .
sturdier and longer that oem , i will order extras .
it has very poor , patchy sound quality and those that i speak to say it is echoey and hard to hear .
love it this case is just what i expected and i love the design , it is slim and protects my case more than i thought it would .
this little adapter is everything i need it is keeping me from storing a ton of excess cables , and it is perfectly functional .
because it is so compact it is easy to carry everywhere .
other than that , the case is very stylish and unique , i get a lot of complements for this case .
i use it for my nexus 4 and it works perfectly fine .
somehow the package got lost in the mail ( or the seller forgot to send it ? ) . but after i contacted the seller a replacement arrived within the next few days .
seems to be better quality too !
my cat chewed through my charger and needed to replace it .
the fit is horrible it falls out constantly !
i do n 't have to worry about the straight cord damaging my charging data port on my phone or distorting the car charger cord by bending it from the weight of the cord and the bouncing of a vehicle . this should be given with all motorola phones , but well worth the money spent on the item .
then , after only a few months of normal use , my nokia n95 began having video problems .
my nokia phone picked it up just fine once i enabled the bluetooth to find it . all things considered , for the price i paid and what it does .
a great option if you would rather go wired on your handset .
i 've used defender series cases on two sammy s4s ( mine and wife 's ) and my older 4th gen ipod touch .
i got it to replace my charger cable but thos cable is a waste of money , in order to charge my phone it has to be at a certain angle , i tried it in my wife 's phone and it has to be wiggle to find the right angle in witch it will charge the phone .
it 's very clear to hear on both ends of the conversation .
i think it has to do with the electrical power .
if you look closely at the usb port on your phone , you 'll see that the other three corners are square .
this armband case is too small to fit with the outerbox case and i do n 't want to take the outerbox case every time i want to use the armband .
unfortunately the protector is so thick that the touchscreen no longer works after the screen is applied .
i decided to buy this headset , because it has over 1000 reviews , mostly positive .
bad quality , short , thin and breakable .
it is lightweight and provides optimal battery backup .
i would understand that 3rd party applications might be different but not the installed applications on the phone . this phone really needs to be in your hands for a day or two to figure out the frustrations with it .
they work great and are motorola original , not knock off .
but it is flexible and after a few moments of adjustment , it stays pretty well but still wobbles around a bit .
i like the small lightweight size . my wife tried it out and was pleased with it .
they all said i sounded very far away , even though the volume was at it 's maximum .
would love to get it in black . . .
it charges my wife i phones simulataneously without a hitch !
i had been monitoring larger mobile chargers to replace my old kensington and came across the new trent itorch .
while i can hear the caller with both ears , the mic does not work !
i do have some hiccups sometimes like problems pairing with my phone , but no big deal .
i had no problem syncing it , installing it , figuring out how to use the buttons ( though they are a bit small and annoying ) . however , i never use it , because it drops syncing with no provocation .
i rarely if ever use a car charger but it 's nice to have one in each car .
however because of its large screen the phone dies quickly .
i like my business tool silent when i am at home .
so for all of you thinking of a headset , you cannot go wrong with this one !
it was ridiculously cheap , and it works amazing .
sometimes the manufacturer sell such items for much less with simplized packaging .
i have bought many products from boxwave and have never been disappointed .
i 've used this carrier for two different plantronics headsets , the old voyager 510 and my new voyager hd .
i found this product to be very easy to apply , fairly thick , and crystal clear .
i have purchased this exact same headset twice .
i purchased this item from wireless unlimited in texas .
but that gripe aside , it really is a top ranking mobile unit .
i was pleasantly surprised by this as well as the performance and build quaility . i ca n 't vouch for the company shipping it out promptly since mine was included as part of my razr phone bundle but i would recommend this charger to anyone with a razr or pble phone .
it 's unfortunate because it has an otherwise solid design .
my only concern is one of the corners is not totally covered so it wont protect it from scratches or a hit there that is why i am just giving it 4 stars .
it is especially bad if i have my phone in the opposite side pocket as which ear i have the headset in . certainly you can do better than this by now .
i am able to charge it the car if i have to and charge well at home .
pair it with anything that can run textmaker office for windowsmobile and you have a meeting powerhouse in your pocket that can tackle the best college note taking in a much more mobile manner than a laptop , since you do n 't need to take it out of a bag , plug it in , and otherwise waste time .
it was in great condition when i received it
i gave this product a 3 because the clip easily broke off .
i need to press it against my ears with my hands for it to be snug fitting and easier to hear . do not waste your money ! ! i used an htc tytn ii phone with windows mobile 6 . 0 to try this product .
so far this new battery works great and holds a charge for the entire day like it normally should .
i can go a long time between needing to charge it back up after using it to charge my phone and ipad . cons * cable .
the problem with this case is that , for some reason , it was designed to go face in only .
this product recharged within a reasonable amount of time and subsequently charged my electronics ( iphone , blackberry , ipod nano ) fairly quickly .
this is a very versatile device .
i would say find a quality cord or stick with apple .
they need to work on that .
works great and you can attach it to the extra long cheap cables .
this product is great value for the price .
i have not tried the battery life on these speakers yet , but the overall design , and the full range of features makes it a great portable speaker system . i have both the altec lansing backbeat 903 and 906 ( i alternate their use ) and even when i do n 't consider myself audiophile i have a good ear .
not great for the vibration only calls ( i always miss those because you ca n 't feel them ) . the belt clip is sturdy , but will eventually rip after about a year of daily wear tear , but then you can use the double loops to keep it going .
it feels almost like they should be angled in on the bottom more .
i have bought multiple chargers since these are so cheap at amazon and i use these chargers at work and at home .
it 's pretty loud , but if you turn the volume up too much you will definitely notice some distortion .
when i got my razr , my son got my old chocolate touch , so i gave him the headset also and he uses it all of the time .
i work with a lot of technical people , so when my last bluetooth died ( after maybe 2 months ! ) i asked them what to get . ( they make all my electronics choices for me ! ) they said plantronics .
my advice would be , if you get the headphones use it for only your blackberry .
a must have if traveling to the u . s .
i bought a rubber coated clip on case for my cell phone which i like the design very much . but then i found it easy to snap on but difficult to snap off . so everytime i change the battery i am scared of cracking the case , let alone to my finger nails . but i really love the case . this is how i solve the problem , getting this opening tool . you may take it as suggestion or recommendation .
i also had a hard time hearing it because it would end up too far out of my ear .
the worst part of this device is the charging syncing connector it is the new mini usb connector ( not the kind for most portable drives and digital cameras ) . overall good product if you do n 't mind a bit more weight and thickness .
battery life is good , the pair easily with iphone4 , sound good ( the left speaker is lower and it 's made that way , they are not defective , it 's just how they had to be built ) , work pretty well on phone calls , no complaints from people i 'm talking to .
for 2g i used corzip and was going to order a same brand for the new 3gs .
ok so i have used screen protectors since my treo 650 , i use them on everything i uahualy use a pre cut pull stick but it just did n 't hold up on my pre so i got this .
the led has enough light to see things i 've dropped in the movie theater ! i would definitely buy this little workhorse again !
if you plug in your phone with 1 bar of battery with no other programs running , it will have 1 bar of battery an hour later when you unplug it .
i never used the volume controls ( always did it from the phone ) , and i dreaded getting calls because i 'd have to mash the answer button into my head . one more thing it 's always getting unpaired from my treo 680 . i have to go through the treo menus to get it to pair again .
i can hear great with this product .
i replaced with the older battery and it has worked very well .
the case fit the phone without any difficulty and has remained in place through daily use .
i have had the i go charger itself for 4 or 5 years and it still works great .
we used these for over a year ( kept one in each of cars and one in my overnight bag ) . they fit and functioned quite well .
the jabra i previously bought had very limited volume and you could not hear on highway travel even with windows rolled up .
the controls are easy to use well designed . the only negative was that the bass response was not as strong as i had hoped for , but they sound good work great .
and love the fact that it has a double usb plug !
i started out with the sidekick color switched for a short time to the blackberry 7100t and then came back to the sidekick ii .
that will almost double my run time .
we use this to charge both our phones at once .
i 've been using mine for over 4 years and it 's finally starting to show some wear with the wraparound earpiece , and having a few issues with it shutting off unexpectedly .
it has a longer range than the lg .
pairing was easy and flawless and battery life is days long .
i 'll test it again without the 6 cable next time and hope to see an increase in output on an ipad 3 . i 'll give it a 5 stars if it has an output efficiency of 65 .
may work perfect for you for a long time , may not work at all , or may work for one charge .
my favorite feature are the on board cables so i do n 't have to lug any around !
it 's easy to pair , instructions are clear and it 's really loud when you take a call while driving .
i bought mine from seller1on1 as an extra cable for my iphone 4s .
not a very well made case , thought it would be of better quaility , hard to tell from just looking at it on the site .
very convienent for runners . the one con in my opinion is they feel a little on the cheap side .
honestly between the speed and amount of power available i think the price is excellent .
she says they music quality is great and she loves that there are no wires to tangle untangle .
i 'm happy to finally have a clear screen cover that works .
that being said , obviously you should n 't expect to play games with this . a small trivia you can even use these on your laptop touchpads ! ! !
it also takes a long time to get a full charge on the battery .
i use the device with a motorola v551 phone ( cingular ) . it works geat !
this little number fit the bill quite well .
it does charge and works just fine . however , the only drawback i have with this product is mainly my fault , but to others it 's just a warning the wires on the charger are flimsy and easy to break .
the range is as good or better than the motorola sets .
plantronics said that they do not have them on their list and they are still in the beginning testing phase and that may be the issue . so , i gave it 3 stars for the first hours of use .
the only thing i found annoying is that there is no mini plug jack .
it does n 't heat up like most of the other ones , and i was completely fascinated by the ultra light and sleek design for the case .
she was chewing on this for some time , no damage to the phone .
however , after having this for a few months , the chord came loose from the charger .
hard to carry because it is generally too big .
i 've gone thru 3 car chargers i 'm hoping this will last
does n 't add that much extra bulk to the phone so you should still be able to slide it in and out of your pockets with ease .
this bluetooth lasted me less than a week . . .
so far i am impressed with it 's quality .
works great , nice and cheap , built well .
i have purchased this particular brand of screen protector for my husband and my father multiple times .
the cable is longer than other cables which is very handy .
arrived within 3 days of order .
they cut too ( the music , i mean ) once in a while , but definitely worth the whole 3 stars for sound quality and price .
battery life only a couple days .
great product for a very good price ( even the high cost of shipping is worth it ) , compared to similar products being sold in fry 's for $ 10 or more .
only thing i do n 't like is i wish it had a place to slide the lint cloth and the stylus and it 's slightly gappy , but i also have a back protector case and that helped seal it better .
had some trouble with it charging my phone initially because it was too loose , but propping it up on something helped .
needed a second usb charger for work , bought this one , free shipping , super cheap . . . . not sure if it would work .
it also has great sound and it 's very comfortable to wear .
this charger is exactly like the original one that came with my phone .
the yx 300 solved this problem very well . update after about a year it died .
the clips to keep it tight broke after maybe one week of use . it was a cheap product but not even worth the value i paid for . . . unfortunately , not worth the shipment price either . do not waste your money on this junk !
if u need a headset because u are a sportman . .
maybe someday these charging pads will become popular and phone manufacturers will make phones with the charging contacts built in , but till that day i want nothing to do with these things .
it was n 't a matter of the volume the sound quality from the tenqa pair that i got just seems really substandard .
thanks for nothing . got up today and called again , business hours .
while this product does charge our bb 8703e it does so in a flaky way .
in sum , it was a waste of money .
the great form factor , laser pointer and flashlight all are the same great additions to a good battery .
i recommend you measure the distance from your windshield to where you want the phone , and then buy the right arkon product for it .
you do n 't always want tohave to fumble in your bag to find the cables to charge your device , butluckily this battery pack has them built in .
i did n 't want to use a normal head set with a cord tie'n me to within 6 feet of the computer .
i do n 't have much to say , beyond what 's already been said . i would like to point out that the notification noises ( played through the headphones ) are loud !
it sounds just like you 're on a normal telephone .
it did take a full 24 hrs to charge the battery and the beeps to stop , but its been a couple weeks now , and all is quiet !
over the course of the next two weeks i nearly dropped my phone several times because the bottom piece slid off as i was taking it out of my pocket .
it almost weights nothing , sometimes i forget i still have it on me . i gave it five stars because of the size , battery duration , weight and audio quality . yet i have to check if it works on my ps3 or xbox . . .
the only difference is the serial number . since the cable was so cheap and came with free shipping , i will be ordering 2 more .
does n 't take a regular micro usb like most things do .
i find that i have to push it with my thumbnail to make it work .
it is worth giving up a little bit of protection for a whole lot of convenience .
do n 't get me started on static and wind noise . that 's why for the money you ca n 't do better than these wired units .
so in order for me to take out my sim card i need to open the case and it 's clipped on so tightly that it makes it difficult to open it .
very good quality and the price is amazing .
i got this for $ 7 for my droid incredible and it works great .
they are also good for running and i do n 't have to take my iphone out of my pocket because all the controls are on the side of the headset .
for roughly the same price as the cheap chargers at walmart , i think this is a great buy .
for example , send a file from the phone to your pc ( using the copy function while a file is selected ) and quickly initiate pairing from your pc .
people dissin' it because it does n 't work 25 feet from the phone or because it does n 't stay on your head when jogging ?
maybe you can do the same and use it with any headphone you want . this cover also gives it a nice amount of traction so your phone will mot slipright out of your hand . get it .
now if the phone would show up lol
it took me several weeks to figure out how to make it stay stuck to the windshield , but it 's my own fault for not reading the manual .
totally worth it for it 's money !
so , i gave it a neutral 3 stars .
this i have on a lanyard when it 's not in my ear , and it does the job perfectly ( ok , i have a fitbit , too ) . vibrating with caller id is all i * need . * i 'm happy to wait out these first few ( really ) dry runs of smartwatches until sony , pebble , samsung , qualcomm , apple ( in 2018 ) and or martian finally get it right .
does n 't charge super fast but charges it none the less .
the item is just as described , and priced reasonably .
we opened the item and looked at the included accessories , and read the instructions , and turns out you must charge this for 2 . 5 hours first .
i noticed few days back it is playing only one side of speakers .
good battery pack for traveling , but recently something broke inside and it rattles , which worries me , so it stays in home as a backup charger when the energy services get interrupted , and i still fully cycle it each month just for fun .
one of the reasons it works so well is because my phone detects it as an ac charger allowing for a better and faster charge .
the same thing from the store was three times the price .
would i like it to charge longer ?
i purchased this charger for my samsung google nexus phone , and was quite disappointed .
you need to find the sweet spot for this to really sound good .
the phone was a little overpriced but as for the product itself !
i purchased this based on the high review ratings on amazon .
battery life is only so so at $ 80 . 00 i would not consider this accessory a very good deal .
the speaker cable did not fit right , do i could not hear on the phone unless it was on speaker .
as of late 2006 , based on reviews i 've read , i was n 't able to find a single headset that gave that kind of reception .
also fits very well to my ear . only thing i do n 't like , when i 'm outside , for some reason the wind interfears with my reception , i ca n 't hear the person i 'm talking too , and they ca n 't hear me .
when i recieved it the charger had a short in it .
really like how you can customize the ear buds .
the one downside and the thing keeping it from getting 5 stars is that the little charging light never changes .
they have a one year warranty so i 'll return them and hope the next unit works at least a year .
although i loved the ease of use , i had a couple problems with it ; it interfered with my wireless connection for my computer and after a few months , static would over run my calls due to a loose wire on the headset . thus far , and its only been a month , i have had neither problem .
so we purchased this headset because of all the mostly wonderful raving reviews .
i tried to return it , but the vendor did not to admit it was a poor fit .
i bought this for my ipad thinking that it would help with a handwriting note app that i purchased .
choose one that apple supports just for safety .
the blue is n 't bland and the feel isnt plasticy . . .
i use it with my motorola razr v3 and it works great .
the rest of the complaints are from the poor and confusing motorola software and menu structure .
i used it along with a lanyard to keep my phone on me the entire day .
if you need a bluetooth , this is the one .
this has lasted a while and is pretty clear when it comes to hearing and being heard .
these adapters did n 't last more than a few days of daily use before breaking .
it performs as expected , with no problems .
i keep one in my plug in , one in my computer , laptop , pickup , kitchen and a couple other places .
it was just an all around bad buy .
the 510 was around 25 louder imo .
if they were gonna make the most important joint thin , then they should 've made it out of metal , not cheap plastic .
you will definitely get your money 's worth .
but in this case it appears to be the real deal . pros durable , carbon copy of the original chargercons none , perfect replacement for the original .
how does one review a battery ?
i do not recommend this case to anyone .
it worked perfectly for me as a second battery for those days when it is just too much effort to find the charger .
i liked the fact that it kept the phone upright while charging .
the delivery was in great time .
i eventually had to use it plugged into the laptop because it was too short to run from the wall connector .
the arm band is a typical , the belt clip is terrible .
available in many colors of choice . why not 3 stars ?
the case allows access to all the controls except , again as other have mentioned , in order to plug in the usb cable you will have to open the snap closure .
these are really cheap and pretty dependable options if you want to be able to use your iphones devices with capacitative touchscreens even when wearing gloves .
the music quality is amazing , it 's super easy to use , and all the buttons are in the right places .
once the charger is removed , the phone starts working , again .
i purchased it for my samsung galaxy note 2 , and it works well .
i have to turn the adapter so that i do n 't get distracted by the light at night and even then there 's a significa n 't blue glow on my instrument panel .
it connects consistently and the sound quality is acceptable but , the battery life is not so good .
talking on it sounds like you are far away my phone customers say .
after only 1 2 months of use , the headset started to not charge properly unless the plug is connected to the bottom of the headset just right . * * * 10 2008 * * * i liked it so much , i bought one for my wife .
the above stuff is much better suited for a house , but at least outside it did n 't work any better than the mobile pro .
i put some heat shrink over the spring inside so it would not short and it works fine again , but i only keep it as a backup .
company said might be due to sweat getting in .
much better than a slippery case which can cause your phone to slip .
i can dial out , as well , with the voice command . the bluetooth technology is limited , but i think the designers could have made this more friendly . this unit may just be the best available , for now , but it seems likes it should still be in beta to me .
while the instructions say this ca n 't be used with a touchstone , it is a limitation of some cars where it can blow a fuse , not in this particular adapter .
the e mail i sent to phonenerds was never responded to .
great buy if you just want a cheap working charger .
it 's very clear to listen with , and comfortable due to it 's lightweight design so one can leave it on for hours .
as far as comfort , i tried it on with the earpiece that was attached and found the fit to be too loose .
you can see yourself when the iphone is off as if you were looking in a mirror . i do n 't feel that it hinders the brightness colors of the phone much at all . . .
i am very happy with how it functions and the way it makes it so easy to charge my phone .
i could n 't turn it on , the only way i could get any life out of it was to plug it into the charger the red charging light would come on , but then would go off after a short time .
the only down side is if you have to work loading or unloading the truck or any other activity where you have to sweat it will feels uncomfortable because the ear piece get very wet
hay can a t mobile sim card be put in to a a contract cell phone ? and gert back to me on this item question please
the cord felt cheap and thin .
howeve , r i never had any problems from it . vit still works well .
it only holds the battery at the charge you plugged it in at .
there is no way i can get this thing to drag a screen shot up , down or sideways .
i 've used straight wires in the past which end up all over the place and the coiled wire stays neatly together .
standby time is exemplary , although i only get a few hours ( 2 3 ) of actual use from them .
it is a lifesaver if i am too far away from the charger or need to use my devices while charging .
i cannot say enough about this case .
case is large , certainly , but as are all cases of this type .
these seem to have a very low build quality .
ca n 't wait till nextel comes out with a bluetooth phone but till then , this is the only way to go !
the other finally arrived and did not work .
the oem price is about 20 times the price i paid here at amazon . com no kidding !
still an outstanding value nonetheless . as for the 2nd case , i put a small drop of superglue where the two parts come together ( being careful not to get any on the phone ) and the problem is solved .
and this case does not disappoint , i 've dropped my phone nokia a few times with the case and did its job on protecting my phone .
the cradle seems loose on the arm and i worry it will bounce off .
the only positive about this earpiece is that it 's pretty .
but over all worth the cost .
no complaints how much more can one expect for less than $ 2 .
the sound is tinny and garbled . keep looking this unit is not the answer .
its not overpoweringly bright , but its unnecessary in my opinion .
you can have mine for 1 3 price . it was very hard to pair .
while this is a good idea i think there are to many drawbacks . first of all there is no tip included that fits micro usb .
turn the device off , instantly back to zero bars .
i was looking forward to using the ear attachment , however , it just would n 't stay in place for me , so i 've ended up using the over the head attachment , which works well .
the case makes the power button harder to press , but i am getting used to it .
now i see the popularity easy to use , extremely light , extremely comfortable , great sound .
the worst thing is having an earpiece that falls off , considering the floor can be 3 stories below .
lol ! all my friend used my phones voice calling . .
i have numerous vehicles and it is a drag trying to remember to take the charger from one car to another .
after buying several headsets this is the most comfortable , easy to use one on the market !
however , i am still disappointed that i did not get the real headset . is there anything i can do about this ?
it paired easily and works like a champ . i have not tried the phone functions yet , but other reviewers gave them good marks , so i expect they 'll work fine .
you can use this product with all micro usb cellphones i tried fits blackberry . almost same charging time compare wall charger . blue light looks good but it lits all the time not only charging in progress . it would be better if it can be retracted thats why i gave 4 star . over all perfect charger , recommended .
it shows off your htc one well but has a few drawbacks .
i actually like the blue light , unlike what some other people have said .
i can always use this cable with my other devices .
now the only excuse he 'll have for breaking his bluetooth is that he 's too lazy to put it in the carrying case ! ! !
also unlike the pictures on the site , the buttons on your phone will be covered .
i was surprised when i got this little bluetooth . . . setup was typical of a headset and being familiar with past and present models of all the leading brands in headsets i thought that this was going to be nothing special . . .
the callers on the other end said that the static was painful to their ears it was so bad .
i love being able to leave my cell phone on the charger and still have access to inbound or outbound calls from any handset in the house .
so , buying this set let me replace the eartip plus add a windscreen to the speaker boom , too . putting on the eartip cover was tough because it 's a tight fit , and you wonder if you 're going to tear the eartip in the process ( i did n 't ) . putting on the windscreen on the speaker boom was not as difficult , but it also was a tight fit .
you can eliminate this problem by cupping your hand over the mic while talking .
the tools were indeed of very poor quality but they did the job .
it 's a nice color to be able to find quickly in the bottom of my purse , and does n 't add any unnecessary bulk .
she is a very clever cat .
i do wish however that it came with a headphone port plug .
* * * disclosure i received this product for beta testing .
i would have the phone and the headset . i love the size of this phone .
they changed from the old usb , which i tons of chargers for , to the micro .
however , my motorola finiti has better sound quality than these .
if you are looking for a screen protector , you have found a good , easy to use one .
charges up my iphod ( iphone i use as an ipod since i would n 't be caught dead with an iphone as my phone )
i order two of the plantronics voyager pro , one for me and one for my father .
i purchased 3 . the product arrived on time .
after a couple weeks with it and using it mainly to pair with my motoactv on workouts i can say that they are just ok .
purchased this for my droid bionic , and it works great for my commute home when i need a quick charge !
the battery fit well , and has worked well .
very nice addition for this price . i 've only had it for a week and it is holding up well ( you get a padded velcro carrying case too ) but my initial impression , to be honest , was that it seemed a little too fragile again it 's very small and light .
feels kind of flimsy , but maybe it 's because it 's placed on vent , not a sturdy area to begin with , but does the job .
many had said they work great .
i 'd recommend this over any speakerphone at any price .
was looking for a simple , classic , black case .
all in all , i am very happy with this case . , it suits my needs perfectly
so you have to carry the same cable to your car and then home .
i really liked the case and the screen protector and i think i still have this case somewhere in the house so its very well made
we 'll see how long it lasts .
too bad it did n 't have 3 ports .
if the charger is plugged in , but not connected to the phone , the led does not come on .
it has to be charged out of the box .
save yourself the $ and buy the protectors from here .
they work great and now he doesnt have to wiggle his old cords to get them to charge his phone .
be aware that this will work with most narrow belts but will not fit the newer trendy fatter ones .
this cable works fine in all these roles , and at a fraction of the price , so i can actually have a cable everywhere i use one regularly and one to carry around without spending over 10 of the cost of the phone on extra cables . it is different from the apple cable , in that it locks into place when you plug it in .
i am not sure what the fit problem is , but they turned out to not work for my jawbone ii and me at all .
there is a small clip that also comes in the box that allows you to attach them to your shirt . yes , there are n 't any controls on these , but i find that i cannot operate controls on a headset when i workout anyway . the only real downside i found is that these do n 't do as well blocking external sounds .
the whole process took only about 15 minutes .
i 'm not sure what cables to use to fix this it may even be a pin problem with the power supply . charging my computer will not charge it the usb port is already marginal attaching this requires too much extra power .
works as advertised and all that cord , normally in the way , does not get tangled .
i wo n 't have a chance on this phone since i am looking to return mine asap . cons poor battery lifeworse reception than previously owned phonesnot comfortable to holdpros looks goodcompact
i purchased this for a trip to hawaii so i could listen to pandora on my phone while hanging out on the beach .
battery used to last about 7 days without charging and with more than average use .
when you power the speaker on the volume is set so low be default that you cannot even hear sound coming from it , even if my cell phone is turned all the way up .
works for iphone but not the tablet .
my jabra250v was just used for minutes of light usage ( 3 hours max in 7 days ) , but the headphone stopped working august 15 . the person on the other line can hear me fine , but i do n 't hear anything from the headset .
my order arrived exactly on the day it 's was said to arrive ( estimated arrival date )
it 's well worth the few extra bucks .
this camera wrap is just what i need .
so we got this today , and before even getting the chance to open the amazon box , it was damaged .
started to peel after 2 months .
the bare phone is a bit silky and slippery . typically i 'm easy on phones and do n 't need a whole lot of protection .
but that 's me ! if you are used to a corded product this ear piece is high quality , nice very basic , , but effective ! ! i gave it a 4 as i am into cordless so , , ? good product !
these are nearly impossible to put on without getting bubbles from dust . . . .
and it arrived in a reasonable amount of time .
it does a better job than others , but is still an issue with windows rolled down .
the case eventually had several cracks and chips so i know it took a beating and did a good job protecting the phone .
i personally bought this to go with a touchstone base because it was cheaper to buy them separately then apart . a lot of devices require the data pins to be shorted in order to get it to charge at high rates , or charge at all .
the sound quality for music is n 't great but if you want good sound quality , you 're going to have to spend some money . overall , these are great headphones and i would highly recommend .
it just wo n 't fit right on the new ipad .
it 's works great and you can not beat the price !
i know this does n 't impact performance , but this phone does have a good solid feel to it . 4 ) good battery life . 5 ) i like the small form factor . things i do n 't like about the phone 1 ) for me , the mute button is in kind of a weird place .
this is a very small speaker which is great for travel .
the other stuff i never used . my car charger started blowing fuses , so i replaced it .
i found that my finger is just as reliable .
ive had the mount for a couple weeks and so far it works great .
it 's always there for a grab and go besides . it 's attractive , takes up little space , and all in all , is a nice value and all around practical item . yes , you have to take your phone out of whatever case it might be in to insert it .
however , in a noisy environment it does n 't live up to the claims of the manufacturer . even so , i still recommend this unit .
i wish the screen protector was a little more anti glare , but other than that , it 's nice .
i have big ears ( har har ) and i use the smallest one .
the connection is a little crackly even right next to the phone , which surprised me , but it 's not so bad that it takes away from a conversation .
i charge it overnight and it lasts 24 hours , and i 'm a real estate agent selling bank owned homes . . . i use my phone alot !
no problems hearing other people or them hearing me . last thing . . .
i purchased for my family , so the amount was a good buy .
i use these paired to a motorola droid x to listen to music while walking , riding the bus subway etc .
these are not high quality , but for the price you ca n 't beat them .
i just wish it had an on off switch because it does n 't always turn off and kills battery . .
hopefully there will be less need to have extra with these chargers than with the no name charges i 've often purchased .
i must say that the thing i miss the most is the task management , since it does n 't even allow me to input tasks or todo 's directly from the home screen . aside from that , it is a very good cell phone , and worth the $ 350 i paid for .
so i ordered the 925 . this one was worst then the m1100 . this bluetooth hold static without being on the phone .
what are the benefits of a stylus . . . keeps the screen very clean , it actually cleans the screen as you use it .
it appears well built and is logical in features and use .
it has been my experience that logitech makes the best wireless devices for the buck and they did n 't let me down with this one ( second logitech wireless devices in two month ; i also bought their xbox controller which is definitely also worth the buy . )
keep up the good work and thanks for selling this for such a low price
the 8900 is a world ahead of the 8320 . going from the 8320 to the 8900 i already knew how to use a blackberry .
i purchased this unit after reading consistently positive reviews , and got a killer price for an open box unit .
truly , this item is total garbage .
shipper got here fast . 1 cover stuck to my phone for almost a year now , so i say was definitely worth it .
this product has truly stood the test of time with vigorous use and battery life .
i 've tried a lot of wireless headsets , and this is hands down the best .
motorola got the form exactly right , just slightly larger than a credit card , and only a half an inch thick .
the durability and performance have been fine . the only thing i do n 't like is that the logo is pretty bright .
i find myself always tryingto set it ( the magnet snap ) , in it 's little click closed hole . great price though so i have it till i can find one like i used to have .
i had to contact plantronics when pairing the phone , but i got a live person who talked me through the problem . cons it can be a little pricey , but i got mine at nearly half price so add it to your basket and wait for it to go on sale . if you get it at the right price , you cannot go wrong with this headset .
but besides this , the keyboard is just amazing .
you can charge in your home at night .
they are very easy to apply and were able to get all the bubbles out of them .
but that was not the fault of the phone , but the provider .
no cables to mess with , nothing to turn on .
i also like that the protector is sandwiched between 2 other sheets so they can do on smudge free .
but then after less than 6 months , the charger died .
the clip is very big and makes the phone stick out about 1 2 from my pocket so it flops around some when clipped to my jeans .
i ca n 't believe samsung puts their name on this piece of junk .
when i remove the case ( and brush off the dust that gets in through the cracks ) , the back and sides of my iphone 3g look perfectly brand spanking new , like i bought it yesterday .
my wife is hearing impaired and has trouble with telephone conversations and she can hear me on this very well .
all in all , not a bad phone .
that 's due to the fact that the ear piece is much too large and slips off of my ear frequently .
since it sits unused in my glovebox most of the time , i am concerned that somehow the suction surface will get damaged .
it is perfect for my iphone 4 i use this mount for my gps app works fine and i also use case without any problem
often with car chargers there is a tiny red light that can end up on the out of sight side and then you do n 't know if the charger is drawing power .
it does not recognize this as a samsung product .
i bought the slvr for my wife and a razr for my self .
it seemed to function well for the weekend that i used it .
the fit is nice and tight . not much more to say about an iphone casing . . . but the color puts this one over the top . fast shipping , great price .
this was an expected result as i have always had excellent experiences using motorola 's chargers . i took one star off because the led is just way too bright out of the box for driving at night .
not sure if its my phone or the charger .
no electronic device should get wet or be dropped on the ground as so many neg .
this work as well as you 'd expect for a cheap cable .
however , these are my points of assessment comfort i do n 't know what most people consider to be comfortable , but this set does not fit for me .
that 's why it offers such great protection
it holds it charge quite well . it is equal to , or better than , the original !
today i received the jabra c250 and the jabra c500 headsets .
very handy for charging a spare battery for my blackberry , i can use my blackberry while the spare battery is charging , rather than stop using my blackberry and plug it in to charge my battery .
it was tight but it fit !
the clip is very secure , i do n 't see it falling off , but i like the security of the belt loops . quality seems to be good enough for this price range .
i have tried about 10 bluetooth devices over the years and this one was simply the one that performed the best .
i 'm in the market looking for a better blue tooth .
i have dropped my phone twice since having this case , and i ca n 't even find a mark where the case hit the ground .
it works great , i got this as a secondary charger since i have two vehicles so now i have one in each car and i love it , i would recommend this seller
its a must have to see what in your house uses the most energy .
worked for my project and works well .
the inside antenna is really designed to sit on the corner of your desk .
i contacted the seller and got no repsonse . update , it partially melted last time i used it .
they claimed to have no record of my email address .
they were super inexpensive , but great quality .
this is not entirelysurprising , as you can only expect to draw so many amps from such asmall device .
like the cheap cost but charge a bit more and do the cables right .
hubby got this for his ipod i touch and works like a charm .
protected the phone well for almost one year .
i 've used this for a couple of years as a back up charger for my kindle or for some of the phones in my family .
mom loves it , it was a replacement gift for another brand from another company that did not work , this one is awesome !
the case fits perfect , the screen protector was almost exact .
it looked like it was used !
you first must attach a small device to your phone .
otherwise i am not so sure that these work very well .
oh i wish that power button where easier to hit and it would be a case i really like .
however , i have the otterbox defender case on my phone ( which i do love ! ) , and i guess with the case it 's just too heavy .
what else can i say about this case , but my daughter loved it .
btw , i am not a rookie in term of installing screen protectors , i used to work in a cell phone company , and have installed countless screen protectors for customers . pro nonecon will distorte your screen image , very unclear ( made of cheap vinyl ) super sticky , it 's almost impossible to remove it without pulling your screen off your phone literelly .
jogging or whenever you need to pay some attention to things like oncoming traffic ) . the clip is weak .
aside from this ingenious design , the wires are not so thin that it 's easy to tangle .
then , a week or so later when i took it off , the material ripped in the upper right corner , and this time it ripped way back into the thicker section .
but you 've probably been bitten by a mosquito . . . it 's the little things that get you ! and it is the little things that drop my rating on this iphone charger .
still works after 2 monthsworth the $ 2 i bought it for . get this if u need it , good value
i love how it has a flashlight and a laser built in .
i tried these but decided to go with a klipsch model instead because it had volume controls . the sound is great with lots of isolation .
product is as described and price is right .
my usual one ( or none ) bar downstairs turned into three and i was able to walk all the way around the perimeter of the level and the call never dropped nor did the other party have any complaints about the clarity of my voice .
used it to charge my phone and it worked ca n 't complain for what i paid for it very useful charger
shipping was prompt and courteous for this item .
originally i had this case before boxwave even had it .
i have been using zagg products for all my idevices .
i just received the case earlier today and i put it on my galaxy note 2 and it fist like a glove , the case does feel like it was very well made .
con hurts my inner ear when wearing it for more than a few hours
i had seen one of these sticky pads once before , so i though it worth a shot .
not the biggest deal . 2 ) screen cover falls off almost immediately .
some people complain about the ear piece .
other than the length , it 's as described , in new condition , and works as expected . 5 stars from me .
the verdict is that their customer service is exceptional !
i had bought the motorola hs820 before this one for $ 80 . i have a motorola v505 from at t . ; the motorola worked pretty well , but i thought $ 80 for a bluetooth headset was way too much .
the imp52d has a nice small form factor which is great since i can carry it in my pocket and not worry about my iphone 4s dying .
i bought this as a christmas present for my wife ( to go with her pink razr ) i 'm sure she is going to be very impressed with the plastic baggie packaging .
also , you ca n 't just plug it in and assume your phone is charging you have to click the button to start the charge .
so you end up taking half covered shots or you take it out of the case .
basically you get what you pay for .
as a technical consultant who works with apple products ( both macs and idevices ) every day , i can tell you with a fair degree of certainty that this cord is not an oem cord from apple .
when i listen to a song i want to hear the music not the hiss of poor received signal or the rattle of loose and broken parts . i knew that at the low price of the speaker that i should not expect much but i did not expect for the speaker to be of such poor quality . pro bluetooth connectivity worked .
there are plenty of applications for the blackberry , and for what it is meant to do , it does it with ease .
how amazon offers such great prices is beyond me .
with both belt loops and a clip , it does n 't slide off my belt into the toilet let others that i have had very expensive accident .
hopefully motorola will stick by their product and warranty it . update 7 27 2013 update read ! i 'm still using these headphones .
that being said , it does not work well with the v330 . if you move more than 4 feet away from your phone , you get a ton of static .
i previously was using generic protectors that i cut to fit and they were a huge pain to line up .
good product as a backup for other cables .
sometimes the iphone is finicky about recognizing the device and charging , so it helps to plug in and unplug the usb a time or two to get it to charge .
priced very good considering that it works as the original ( oem ) battery on the phone . have been using it for four months and it holds it charge as the first time .
it 's an excellent buy compared to other sources .
it definitely charges more quickly than most generic chargers ever will , the light , while obvious , is not distracting like some have suggested , and the thing lasts 10 times longer than any other charger i 've used .
interestingly , the charger i received looks slightly different than what 's pictured .
unfortunately , i found absolutely no difference between calls being dropped with and without this device . when i took the device off , it broke open and i took both sides apart .
the rubber earpiece really cuts down on outside noise so i would n 't use them while driving or if you need to hear other things .
i purchased this pouch for this very reason since it protects the front and back from scratches whenever i put it in my front pocket with other items .
i succumbed to the hype of the razr , but was burned .
i am not really using it for calling much now . but when i was using it actively for few weeks ( after my primary phone broke down ) it gave me solid 4 . 5 days of calling and texting time .
people i call tell me that the sound is very clear on their end and cannot tell that i am using the headset sounds just like i am talking into the phone .
its a very solid cable , ran over it with a chair , stepped on it , rough handled it and its all good .
it 's basically sticking an advertisement for motorola into your car , who wants that ? second , the price you pay , you can easily afford a dual usb socket , which while meaning you 'd have to provide your own usb cables , means you can charge two items at once , and it 's not in your way as those sockets are relatively tiny . third , the item emits a blue light , that illuminates the center plastic piece .
i could barely get the phone in out .
i receive this charger after 10 day and it stop to work after hourpiece of junk pleas to not buy do n 't spent your money on this charger
comes in black , blue and grey , or silver ) bulk packaged . i know when it is on off when the microphone boom is out in .
you get 3 ear speakers of different sizes so you attach the one that is most comfortable for your ear . best addition to my cell phone i have ever bought .
probably from a short , but never the less , i bought this charger and it works like a gem !
i previously used a blu tooth model that did not have good sound .
ordered this hoping it would work for my nexus 4 and it is working great .
keeps the dust away for sure .
however , after only two short months , the cord shorted out .
again , not the best protection , but it is pretty to look at .
the sound quality on this thing is just as good , if not better than advertised .
it would charge the battery but i could n 't use it to transfer data once it got like this .
i 've had this unit for about a year , it acts as an ear plug on the ear i 'm wearing it on , and i can hear my caller even in strong winds .
sometimes when the phone is in my pocket it does not work clearly .
however , i can tell you that it is great for what i need 1 . great wireless service coverage .
you have to always be sure that the light is not blinking or you 'll drain the battery , whose charging connector comes with a standard small usb connector found on most phones and headsets today .
when it wo n 't pair he ends up holding the phone which makes me crazy as i refuse to drive and talk holding a phone .
i find that with two lights out of four left , the battery has much less than half the capacity .
there 's nothing wrong with it and it always chargers my phone .
seems chronic with motorola phones . nice , clear display .
want something that is comfortable on my ear and i can transmit and receive clearly .
but with a cell phone you 're outside where there is more noise and often times the ability to hear out of both ears is the difference between being able to continue the conversation or having to end it . plus , it 's really annoying to have the ear buds in both ears but only hear sound coming out of one ear .
i use it for my ps3 . the only thing i wish it had was , a mute button .
i might also want to say that both were charging our identical smartphones , both phones pull the same charge current .
most of my file transfers are via hardwire , so i searched for and quickly found this item .
i really wanted to enjoy the phone size and color in its current , original state .
this is the best bluetooth that i have ordered will recommend for other customers . very easy to pair with phone .
so disappointed and returning it , waiting for ups pick up .
ca n 't imagine not having the headset lifter or the flashing light accessory that clearly tells others when i am on the phone !
after trying different ways to use it i found that wetting the tip a bit improves the control but not significa n 'tly enough for me to continue using it for sketching .
it 's a good charger , it definitely does its job .
the led indicator is easy to understand .
overall the product is a good product , but lg env buyers beware of the inconsistencies .
never again will i spend so much money for a phone with moving parts .
i just got this case in the mail , it came in a little brown bag that would n 't protect the case well , but that was alright .
i had to open it , did n 't i ? ) i found a decent circuit board , average components and the worst soldering job ever .
bought this for my magic jack , always hearing an echo the call id does n 't always work .
everything i liked about the iphone was gone once it went inside the defender .
it does n 't last as long as the icarrier though .
already the touch screen is going out .
as someone else noted though , you cannot wear this jogging they bounce off .
i 've had a lot of bluetooth headsets over the years and this one currently ranks as my all time favorite .
so if you are hard of hearing or just like to hear loud voices over the phone , then this phone will probably fit the bill . 3 ) speaker phone .
i have read many reviews about the bubbles , but a little dust of baby powder solves the problem perfectly .
i 'm very happy with it . i like that if i forget to turn it on , i can turn it on when my phone rings and it will answer the call after it powers up . i have a retractable usb cable connected to it all the time .
i should have paid more attention to some of the negative reviews that talked about the microphone wand that acts as an on off switch . i used it a total of about 6 times and the wand refuses to go back .
the only thing you can do is get the cover on the phone as quick as possible but even then avoiding dust is very hard .
i 've had a few bluetooth headsets already and found this one was the best sounding , both incoming and outgoing .
use on 2cameras and cell phone .
they are light weight , cause no pain what so ever to the ear and a very durable !
i dropped my phone on my carpeted floor and the corner broke , so that i could not use the cover .
i have had two motorola bluetooth headsets and they both either did not have a clear signal or when you are speaking with someone there was an echo .
i actually like this case a lot .
i would buy more if it came in more colors .
it is great to know that you have some reserve power if you leave home , right in your pocket .
another was stolen from my company vehicle .
i love this style of headset and would recommend it over any other one on the market .
i nolonger have to sit next to an outlet just to charge my phone .
just grab your phone and go . simply put , you are going to be hard pressed to find another charger that is as convenient as this ( unless you have an isomething maybe still compatible with a cable ) .
when i saw this product , from a trusted brand like duracell nonetheless , i was quick to snap it up thinking that it would be a great and easy way to charge our iphones simultaneously . i understood that each phone needed to be put in a separate sleeve case to charge , but i did n 't expect the individual cases to be so expensive .
the silicon rubberize cases can be hard to get in and out of a pocket but not this one . the price was quite reasonable . one final note , i have n 't tried the screen protector so i ca n 't comment on it .
had the phone up and running within a few hours of receiving this battery .
it will not protect ipad from falls on hard surfaces ; i would n 't use it while traveling .
some users complained that the cable is too short ; i find that it is the perfect length for my car as well as when charging through my computer 's usb port .
but it is about the best bluetooth out there .
then you open it up and feel how dense the plastic is and realize this is a well made piece of equipment . the suction cup is n 't a lick and stick like some , or like the kind you 'd use for a radar detector .
and , dispite it 's high price the audio qulity is not that good . with the previous model ( which did not stay in you ear either ) you could remove all the rubber earpices and jam it into your ear and enjoy resonable quality while driving your convertible with the top down . no more and no more .
this product did not come in retail packaging but it is what i wanted , it also came with the skype software which id nice to have .
given all the cons , at five dollars it is a good value , but i 'd be disappointed if i paid more .
they had little residues which created all sorts of bubbles around them .
why not include the usb ac plug as not everyone has an iphone .
volume buttons a little hit and miss though if you 're not looking at the phone while trying to raise lower the volume .
i bought my nokia 5800 xm from amazon used the free shipping option .
first i have to say the seller seller101 is the best seller i have dealt with by far on amazon . i did receive a cable that did not work for some reason and they did not hesitate to make it right . i will buy from this seller for every product i can . i looked everywhere , at t ; , radio shack , walmart and you cannot get close to this price .
do not be afraid to try each unit on your other ear as it may give a more comfortable fit . the sound is good and will keep you entertained but if you are a an audiophile use a good wired headset .
i paired this headset with several devices ; my mac book pro and ipod touch .
i bought this charger as a spare to keep at the office .
it is great how small it is as i can put it in my pocket or can quickly charge my phone up in one of my backpack pockets .
they are easy to pair , feel comfortable and the sound quality is very good .
it does exactly the opposite for the person i 'm talking to ; instead , it picks up every noise and sends it to the other party . when i 'm using this headset , people i talk to often complain that they ca n 't understand me , due to background noises .
i would make sure and buy extra replacement ear hooks though .
i really enjoy this device being able to check email and blogs and send ims while out and about is really nice .
wish i could just turn off the light . charges my samsung galaxy s2 just fine . i just ordered a second one .
my only concer is the boom mike , wish it was made out of metal or some tougher material . would recomend buying the carrying case for protection .
i have used this device to check the consumption of many gadgets around the house , incredibly i found out that many appliances just by being plugged would draw near 10 watts while turned off !
i am very happy with this bluetooth .
i like the device for its look , but it is slightly larger than most headsets .
after i set the laptop to register the speaker as a stereo capable device , everything was a million times better . the speaker is n 't tiny , but it 's not too large either .
after the next webex i will report how it does . it caught fire , white smoke came out of it .
it feels very well made and light enough to where you wo n 't notice it too much in your pocket .
and those you call have no idea you are using a headset .
but the adapter was exactly what i needed so my bose speakers would plug into my kindle hd while it was in the case ( these have the narrow plug that actually fits ) . now i can wow my co workers )
the price was excellent as was the service
just not quite as sturdy as i would have liked .
when i read other 's comments about the flashing blue led , i really did n 't think much of it .
pairing was easy and simple , however ; i purchased a deffective pair that would not hold a charge .
additionally the buttons on this bluetooth are very easy to use and does n 't feel crowded like some others that i 've tried .
i suppose i will eventually try another case when i get fed up with cleaning the screen all the time . j . m .
the vendor shipped this quick , packed it well , and i 'm impressed and pleased that i was able to get the right battery for my phone without paying half the price of the phone to get it .
if it 's a clone they did fine job . it works , good price , fast shipping , 5 stars .
there 's really not a lot you can say about this , it 's a cable .
google has n 't done a great job putting out accessories for its nexus 4 phones .
the same can be said about the flashlight . the battery pack works great but you need to make sure your phone is good enough on 1a .
you could pull the cable out slightly and get both channels ( sides ) , but if your gizmo ( phone , tablet , mp3 player ) moves the slightest then it stops working on both sides . the other bad thing is the static it creates when in use ( aux or headphones ) . the item is junk and i would avoid unless you like throwing away money .
the sound quality is quite good and has excellent range .
i had read about the charging capacity and should have expected a quick recharge but it still surprised me .
your iphone simply snaps in and your phone is protected .
the ear plug piece is big and bulky and then you ca n 't hear .
this device , when attached to the gps , allows allows the charger cord to come in from the side , eliminating any acute bending of the cord . conclusion a helpful device for all navigon gps units ; intend for those users who wish to have their unit mounted to the dash . 5 stars
fits onto your htc one ( m7 2013 ) very nicely .
high school . . . whatever you want to call it nowadays .
the one thing i did n 't think about was not having a display for viewing the address book .
i love this case , i really do .
your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust .
therefore it 's very quick and simple to take my tour out of the pod to answer a call or check an email , and then replace it . note 1 . since you cannot dock your tour in the pod without removing any case , it is not practical to use a wraparound case .
where did you get that ? reactions from people .
not to bad , if your buying this for a note 3 like i did , it fits the phone perfect as long as there is not a case on it , with a case , not so good .
why samsung designed this phone this way is a mystery .
the only thing detracting from 5 stars is the buttons are hard to find when the headset is worn .
i like the case but i wasn 8217 ; t thinking when i bought this case .
this is the first trackball i purchased when she lost her original trackball .
but it does n 't work all that well .
does exactly what i need it to do . . . make phone calls !
i know iphone advertised that it 's scratch proof and all that but better safe than sorry .
still waiting on this product since i ordered it on january 1 2010 ( 3 5 days shipping )
it is not the greatest the sounds works fine on most calls .
i have a charging station , but occasionally just a brief charge is necessary .
they are putting in a request to point an antenna towards my house .
for that peace of mind alone i give it 5 stars .
it stayed in place even while doing housework and other chores and generally being active physical .
i purchased this charger to use with my motorola moto x phone .
this item comes in handy when you need to use google maps on the iphone ! ! it does n 't damage anything in your vehicle ! !
i really enjoyed this case but after a few weeks the stones started falling out .
the range is good , battery life is good i only wish they came with more ear inserts as spares .
i like that it automatically puts the phone on night mode so i do n 't have to worry about it .
i have fairly small hands , so that could be part of the problem .
it is a cool idea . . . . . . just needs some refining !
easy to put on and ca n 't even tell they are there once on .
i was so pleased with the backbeat 's comfort and sound quality that i decided to purchase another pair despite owning another set of bluetooth headphones the jabra bt1101 . the 1101 's bluetooth connection was spotty at time for no reason and uncomfortable after 30 minutes of use .
it looks like different buyers got their orders shipped from different places .
i was one of the lucky few to get one of these free for registering my motorola mpx 220 . i was skeptical to the whole bluetooth scene , but this headset quickly changed my mind . the device will easily last 3 4 days in standby mode with average usage .
this meant that my phone screen just flopped downwards and pointed at the floor ( in any orientation ) . after trying to deal with this , i finally had to remove it from my vehicle because it was causing dangerous driving conditions and it was better to just hold the phone in my hand than to deal with the defective mount . good design , but poor quality materials or build quality .
much cheaper than what i would have paid at the verizon store .
now we charge our ipad and iohone together .
one downside , after a few hours , they get uncomfortable to wear .
what kind of review do you give something that works well for three months but then stops working ?
nonetheless i decided to ignore the iphone 4 users that complained about not working and thus relaying on the product description .
the mophie has by far the best design .
i put a small button on it that i got from walmart with some super glue .
two most important features for me are the fit and the ability to connect to two phones simultaneously .
it 's an unobtrusive stand , which is easily adjustable and does the job .
in terms of comfort , these would be perfect for a gym , except . . . the bads the set looses a connection to the bt source at a mere turn of your head ! this flakiness is more than an inconvenience for me it rendered this otherwise almost perfect device absolutely useless , so i end up returning it .
i do n 't really expect any of them to block out wind .
like the earlier review that named vibe cellular , i purchased from them as well .
this is a simple intuitive phone to use .
i left them for an overnight charge and now they work with no errors again .
this is a very low quality and chargers very slowly .
i charge it about once to twice a week .
i love that its a mirror .
if there is any one thing i would like better , it would be a normal on off button .
the company is v e r y slow to respond to email messages to their support box , so call them , do n 't write . while the sound quality of the unit is very , very good , there are other issues with the unit .
very pleased with the overall quality of this unit .
the first cradle i bought had the smartpad packaged separately , so you could choose to install it or not .
it might be the special back required for the phone , to be able to use this charger , but after multiple switching around of cords , i believe it is the charger that failed .
but , i have to say the tenqa sound quality is not that great imo . . . the main problem is no bass so it sounded very flat to me .
it would definitely be nice to find a samsung cord that is longer .
i was n 't sure if i wanted to purchase another bluetooth headset because the last one i purchased , a motorola hs815 , was terrible .
the mirror effect is blurry and ca n 't see anything .
i have been a religious advocate of etymotic canalphones since the original er6 came out and i 've been using a set of er6i 's for 3 or 4 years now . first the good the hf2 's are clearly superior to the er6i 's with a mellower , less shrill topend while still managing to retain crisp definition and equal or exceed the bass of the er6i .
i have a nokia surge and film that is made for it cost so much that i had to look elsewhere .
the verticle holster is under the clip ( which felt pretty durable ) and then under that is the horizontal one . maybe i 'll end up being wrong , but i have heavy duty needles so i 'll just use that to reinforce the stitching if need be .
cable is super thin and cheap .
with that in mind , i bought these straps to hold them down and possibly keep them in a key ring .
it is a good case , something that will secure your iphone and give you comfort in your hands .
clear reception most of the time , excellent volume ( no problem hearing while driving ) , it always connected to my treo 650 . on a windy day my friend on the other end did n 't even know i got out the car , hardly any background noise .
i bought two as spare chargers .
i bought this product because it seemed like an excellent alternative to a case .
maybe only charged phone once or twice ? ? ?
i received this case about 8 days ago , and after 5 the phone fit perfect .
this allows placement virtually anywhere you want . compact , solid , and does the job fore a small investment ( right here on amazon ) .
it 's fairly thin and does n 't provide the best drop protection in the world .
it charges fast and works well .
range varies depending on whether you 're using it to talk on the phone or listening to music ; i get a good 20 feet for music ( little or no obstructions ) and about 30 feet using for phone ( couple of rooms away ) for telephone . for me , i 've found the perfect pair of wireless headphones .
i am very pleased with this case .
it works on any kind of phone that has the usb connector on it so do n 't worry about it saying samsung .
this item does nothing to enhance the signal in your phone , i followed the instructions and applied the antenna as stated but no change in the signal strength .
when i talk to people on the phone they say they like how i sound on the s9 better than on my h700 . better call quality and clarity .
it now looks more gray and dirty .
you 're getting 5 screen protectors for less than 1 4 of what it would cost you to buy one from the apple store . they 're obviously not the highest quality , but they get the job done .
still kind of works , but not the way it is supposed to and not so handy .
i do n 't' think it 's a charger that will last forever not that i 've had any car charger that has .
that being said , this bluetooth is worth double what i paid .
i think my ear is pretty normal in shape .
using the touch screen while the phone is sitting on a crabble is a very delicate procedure .
highly recommended for anyone with a callpod and an iphone 3g ( i ca n 't comment on the original iphone )
i bought this to use as a speakerphone and in that regard , it falls a bit short .
so , the belt clip in a few weeks later is completely damaged . . it seems that poor quality starts from the factory as one of the side panels also came unstitched . a star , they do not allow half placed . .
overall though , they are pretty comfortable and you really do n 't notice them . the fit is good on the rest of my head ( i 'm 5'9 , about 175 lbs ) and i have no issues wearing them . they get pretty loud , but not loud enough to drown out everything around you in a very noisy environment . the music sounds pretty good .
suggestion , use an sd card if possible .
i have to fuss with it to get it fastened , and i 've actually poked a hole in my shirt trying to fasten it to my pocket .
unfortunately , when you buy it through amazon , boxwave would not provide a replacement because i had purchased through amazon and not directly through them .
it 's a battery not sure if a review is necessary .
it 's held up well since i purchased it though . update stopped charging after a month .
for $ 10 , this has everything that you need to replace a cracked screen .
do n 't get me wrong , this is a good case , but not any better than a couple others on amazon for half the cost with free shipping if you are a prime member .
the wires were a problem when i ran or the ear clamps did n 't hold .
i bought this bluetooth earpiece with my sony ericsson p900 a couple of years ago and it 's still going strong .
definitely will order again from this seller .
time will tell how durable it is .
i wanted these to replace the in ear bud of the s9 's which was terribly uncomfortable after listening for a couple of hours .
i originally purchased one of these a couple of years back when i got a new cell phone and needed a car adapter that was brand specific and a little bit more attractive than the ones in line at the grocery store ; ) i was amazed at how much better it was than all of my other micro usb adapters chargers .
this is good you see , it 's taking the beating originally intended for your blackberry ! suggestion 2 to prolong the life of your screens , continue to use your blackberry case . the screens are plastic , not titanium or kevlar .
sorry for rambling al all i like this little buds so far so good .
the sound is fine . . . . i do n 't listen to a ton of music so i ca n 't compare as far as supreme high quality sound , but i have absolutely no complaints with these . the need to come out with a classic brown chocolate 34 ; flavor 34 ; of these though !
once i was able to fish out the components , it was simple to figure out the set up itself .
i was looking for a compact , portable charger for my bb tour and this fit the bill perfectly .
arrived promptly and in excellent condition . has been an excellent , solid purchase althoi knew the i 4 and upcoming i 5 have bellsand whistles .
this makes it easier for me to use my aging 3gs without opening it to replace the now half capacity battery .
this might work well for some people but it just did n 't work that well with me .
my only grip is the way they handle paring to more than once device . if they are paired to anything other than a phone then when you pair them to a phone you do n 't get the stereo audio profile , only the hands free .
i have charged my iphone 5 off of it a couple times without needing to charge it .
the signal cuts off every time i move my head .
pros this is greatly convenient and works great for my droid x , and now my galaxy nexus .
not much to say about this case other than it is fantastic !
if i want to move the phone a few inches , crabble will buckle and drop the phone .
i took it home where i have ok coverage and it did boost the signal marginally . i did get it to work well once i found the direction of the nearest tower and aligned it just right .
the razor does n 't use much battery in standby mode but i do n 't usually have a lot of time to charge devices so i bought a few of these to have on hand to get me through the week .
its a nice price for a new cord . . .
if only the air bubbles would not have been created this would have been a good product .
it is very easy to pair up and the range is more than adequate .
i 've also been able to use it for an overnight charge when on the road where power options are limited .
is hidden by about a 1 2 mm and produces a dark corner .
does n 't work on my ipad but does work for my phone and ipod .
this was probably refused by their network administrators for security concerns and i do n 't blame them for this .
got my money back and bought one for 1 2 the price and that one works great !
there 's nothing to plug into the wall , no extra charger , i 've always got a spare aaa charged up in the house , bag , car for emergencies . i love this thing . . .
i have used the zagg shields on 3 different phones and love it .
however , in the last month the device does n 't charge .
a little trouble maintaining a good connection with the phone when my phone is close to my body in my belt holster or pocket ( though this could actually be a problem with the phone 's bt antenna being in close proximity to my body ) . it never has a problem if my phone is sitting on a table even when i 'm 20 30 feet away . overall , a good headset .
their customer service is very responsive when you need help or adjustment . motorola is one of the oldest and best trusted name in electronics i . e .
they do n 't look like they are that big in the photo , unless the photo has changed since their reviews . the cords are small , perfect for the tiny electronic locator i put on my keychain .
you get what you pay for . . . .
it does n 't plug directly into the iphone so you will need to also carry a charging cord .
my jeans do not stain anything else , but the white border is now light blue , just odd , but it does not affect function .
i 've tried both purchased cables , neither one worked .
i 've had all the providers over the past few years and none have ever given more the minimumal call quality .
i got both with this set , however i 'm really getting frustrated with the lack of consistency on the bluetooth connection .
you just ca n 't beat these cases .
love that it retracts , people ask all the time where i got it .
i was happy with the service and the product was exactly what the description stated !
same as others even in a moving vehicle with wind blowing people can hear me loud and clear . while it looks bulky it does n 't weigh much .
the sound on this one is very good it looks really nice .
you can probably fit 2 credit cards top .
i do have a microsd card installed in the phone which is about 1 3rd full of personal music .
this means that after dropping the case in dirt , one must wipe it off with a clean damp paper towel .
it does add some weight to the phone but that is the trade off for being protected .
i 'll also use it with my kindle 3 . $ 19 . 95 seems like too high a price for this , but it also seemed like the best stand available .
the recharging takes about 45 minutes and the 'phones will probably last longer if you do n 't have the internal volume cranked up as i do .
i just carry this charger around in my bag for emergencies .
i am afraid the upper screen bezel protection will not last too long it 's a bit thin .
not exactly what i expected , the normal samsung cables are over a foot long , and this was not .
it did not work in my s4 . they require a good charger a d one that is newer and better .
its cheap and it works , thats the most important thing .
i ca n 't believe the mark up on these things !
this item is also corded , another significa n 't hamstring . 1 star unusable , unsatisfactory quality , and poor technology .
brand new batteries wont' even fully charge my phone once .
charges different kinds of phones with the adapters included , there is one thing about it i did n 't like the i phone chargers are not included , but all over rating is very very good product
there are two obvious limitations of the stand * it 's quite evident , from the picture , that you wo n 't be able to charge about 99 . 99 of devices in a portrait orientation if the connector is on the bottom of the device .
if the bluetooth range was shorter that would be an alternative , however it picks up my phone in the kitchen with the unit in a car in the far side of an adjacent two car garage .
if it only lasts a few months , it 's a poor value at more than $ 80 .
these sound wonderful and i like they are n 't in ear . the fitting over the ears is a little uncomfortable after a couple of ours , but i 'm sure this will get bette once i use them for awhile .
while audiophiles will naturally shun this product and anything less than perfection , this headset is quite decent for the masses .
also you cannot beat the price ! ! ! thanksbigwill360
i usually do n 't spend this much on a headset .
it 's been working perfectly for me .
it was an excellent purchase experience and excellent customer service .
it slipped out of my pocket once already i almost lost my iphone .
i do n 't know this will happen to most people as my daily usage is heavy . slightly long , could be more flush mount style . i am only reviewing this item that i purchased 6 months ago because i came to buy another charger , i will not buy this one again though , i will now go with a more flush mount and a higher rate of charge .
it was not a problem with placement .
when ordering this device , i expected that it was universal , i . e .
these sounded pretty good and the fit was nice . the second pair i tried were the senns and wow .
he has one in each vehicle he drives
not a bad item for the price .
again , oem good , non brand bad .
it 's not boxy , andit 's not too round .
been out for a long day and your phone 's running low ?
i have had the rubber fall off in my bag a few times and i have been worried i will have a worthless headset due to the loss of a cheap little rubber insert .
we have passed these two items to folks who do have micro usb phones to use in their autos .
i applied the first one to my phone and the left and right edges about . 25 on both sides just will not adhere .
i would ship back and demand a replacement , but the cost to ship it back to hong kong is way more than the $ 1 . 10 i paid for it .
superior sound quality , durable , and the controls are much more easily accessed than the motorola unit .
i took the cover off my note 2 and my bars popped back up to 3 and i had no problems with phone calls anymore .
this charger was horrible , the wires started showing after 1 day and sometimes i have to plug and unplug my iphone multiple times because i get a message that says this item is not support by iphone .
from the item pictures it looked like the product would be more rigid it is not .
if this device was fried , it was relatively inexpensive when compared with the cost of an iphone .
i could hear ok but all the other person could hear was a faint voice .
because i get the same result using my finger as i do the pogo sketch , i figure i might as well save myself the trouble and not have to worry about losing the pogo sketch . so for writing this really does n 't work that well .
does n 't work for driver side in tundra because of steering column shifter and not too well in cars with funky vents , like the 2007 honda accord we have . but it rocks in our subaru outback 2004 and our 2010 sienna ( and prior 2000 sienna ) . we have it on driver and passenger side of some cars . go ahead and order some replacement vent clips from the manufacturer website .
i needed this cable to get information off my phone .
i have bought other usb hubs in the past , and they all failed .
such a small device still produces over two and a half hours of solid music .
some reviewers have mentioned that the dock connection can be too snug .
i accidentally ran over my phone in my garage and this case saved me $ 400 on a new phone , if not for the bulkiness the phone would have been crushed .
it is kind of hard to press and you do feel the pressure on the back of the ear , which is not a good thing if you are in a rush , the sudden sharp pain is a bit intense . again , my only real gripe with the voyager is the size .
my original phone battery was losing memory so it was time to get a replacement .
the sound started going in and out .
it still comes in handy and works well .
you plan on using the headset mostly in a car or indoors ) then i 'd recommendplantronics voyager 510since it 's 2x 3x cheaper but otherwise i highly recommend the voyager pro !
worse , this thing is a lint magnet , it 's like i 'm holding a furry kitten against my ear every time i use my iphone . . . . . as the saying goes , you get what you pay for . . . . . . . . . .
this is the actual motorola battery , and now that i 've had it for a while , it seems to work exactly like the same expensive one you buy at a retailer .
hello , i was so shocked to open my mail today and see my battery for my phone .
for the price this is a great device , but i 'd pay another $ 10 for a better earpiece for this thing , or some spares in the box when the sell it to you . it 's synchs quickly with the iphone 3gs and holds a charge all day long as many as three hours of talk time for me during the day .
there just needs to be some tweeks to the next version .
i covered it with black paint two days after i installed it . love it .
i ca n 't say much about signal noise over longer lengths , but i have n 't had issues with it .
these are not heavy duty straps , but something you could use for keys or something light .
it works well and is very easy to use .
update after using this case for while , it has loosened up a bit .
i will say the quality of the material seemed to be very good , however , i gave mine away as it was not what i was looking for .
the amount of force that it takes to stretch the thing out is probably higher than you should be putting on the usb connector , so use with caution .
i like the small size and light weight .
i had to use a knife to create some holes side of the case .
got a lot of jealous looks from other tourists wishing they had one to charge their phones .
seems to me a $ 1 . 70 down the drain .
it has 2 charging ports so we are both charged at all times !
i use this mainly when driving in the car , and with previous bluetooths , the person on the other end always said that it was noisy while driving .
this charger was as stated in the description , was new and arrived when it said it would .
it is great that it can charge two phones , or a phone and a tablet , and an apple device . it is extremely small for what it can do .
when it comes to protectors , being off even a half a mm is a pain .
screen protectors work and can be a bother to put on but once they get there without bubbles they work great .
not a good thing . joe
i have tried samsung , motorola as well as a variety of bluetooth devices some of which did n 't fit my ear or just hung over my ear .
in my home , noise from my family disrupts conference calls , no more .
the case they sent looks nothing like what i ordered .
good connector . now its output is rated at only 700ma compared to the charger that came with the mytouch 4g which is 1000ma ( 1a ) , but i have n 't done any scientific tests to see if it limits the charge rate on a very low battery .
i installed the software on my pc at work , and now my outlook calendar is available wherever i take my phone .
i was mostly running and doing some weights .
worked perfect , fit perfect and could n 't ask for anything else .
ca n 't be at times a little difficult to open the plastic case .
so this charger should charge your phone faster than when it 's connected to a pc .
naturally is not water anything but is certainly very drop proof . 3 . extra thick corners allow you to play football with your iphone and make it hard to hurt it . the handfeel is nice and it still ( kind of ) does that nice smooth slip into your pocket .
it is easy to use and battery life is good .
i use it for my htc evo works good with it .
after using a nokia bluetooth for the last year i got this one again because of the no cell phone laws in california as of july 1st . this headset is plenty loud with my sony ericsson t650i and i have n 't had it drop the bluetooth connection yet .
if youj want to keep your i phone safe , this is the case to buy !
it seems to me that the lanyard could work itself out of the usb port , which would defeat the purpose of the lanyard to begin with .
the reception in my area is fine .
this purchase was an attempt to meet the handsfree need and find a device that would be more difficult to lose or break than my headsets have been . the speakerphone works quite well .
from my vendor the product was authentic .
some complain that the sound it not as good , but i find it more than adequate for working out .
but for the money , it 's nice .
it was a good deal for the price .
at the price point they are great .
i do like the fact that for $ 20 you can convert it into to different styles . two suggestions 1 ) i strongly suggest using the included ear foam in either configuration .
however , now the headset just died . . . after 2 months .
also my sweat wo n 't ruin it . big con very , very twitchy in keeping connected to the phone .
i currently have an i phone for personal use and must also carry a second phone ( blackberry ) for my current occupation .
the buttons are easy to use and make sense .
and i like the fact that it has folding prongs , which prevents them from breaking like my former one .
i think if i can find a long microphone wire to wire the microphone to somewhere facing the driver mouth and replace the speaker with a larger one , it might work well .
after that , vzw will give you a refurbished phone if you bring it in after 15 days .
charger good in time before the due date which was good but not much to say about it its very light weight but so far its charging my ipod touch
i am a little mad at the fact that the product listing said these batteries would be new though .
i would recommend using the edge of credit card to push any air bubbles to the side and then you have it .
but some of the features are fairly annoying , which most people can accept , given the low price of the unit , and the convenience of a coiled wire . first off , the unit is large .
i had to pop open my samsung galaxy s3 to fix it up but none of the tools i had worked or fit .
i really think they did a great job on these headphones , for this price you ca n 't beat the sound clarity , the bass response or even the mic quality .
i find however , that after about a half hour , i need to take them off . they have built in ear cushions and i 'm not sure how they will wear over time .
it is so easy to use and the sound quality is amazing .
the sound quality is great coming in and going out .
the device charges in a reasonable amount of time and it charged my samsung galaxy s4 in a reasonable amount of time as well .
although you pay somebody to do the repair , the cost was very little .
the first time i tried to use 1 of the screen protectors it picked up lint pretty quick even though i was installing in the bathroom which is usually a bit safer then a bedroom when lint is concerned .
i 've had some trouble trying to get it into paring mode .
bottom line love it , love it , love it .
with my phone turned on , but not being used ( and with screen off ) , it charged my droid battery from 20 up to 70 . so on a droid , this will give you about 50 more power ( if charging while phone is not being used ) . i find that to be bearable .
so yes , the signal is just as strong , but it makes for a mediocre internet experience .
obvious when i opened the box that they did find a half smart monkey , or at least a decent engineer , to design the earpiece which is thicker and connected to the actual device better .
now , if you 're driving an 84 buick century with dim , green dash lights it might just be a bit distracting . . . but if you 're that easily distracted do n 't buy a charger with led lighting !
this replace the piece of junk clingo that would warp everytime it hit the sun .
the media bridge cables are the best , they feel like they click in when you connect them , very solid .
i 'd rather have a case that fully protects it for travel and i 'll put the camera in my pocket or a bag for ease of use during a day of sightseeing .
it 's greener and grayer than the picture i see here .
they stay in place and sound quality is pretty good and i would recommend especially at the price
theyre a little hard to put on without getting bubbles butttt they do give u 5 andd it works great as a mirror which i never carry around .
however , when i attempted to turn the unit on by pressing the power button , nothing happened .
if it charged batteries for my headsets without this little trick , i 'd give it 5 stars . overall i would reccommend this battery pack .
i 'm disappointed by the lack of stablity in my ear , as i 'm constantly trying to push back in the ear so it does n 't feel like it is about to flop out . good performance , mediocre stablity .
the case is skinniest case that i found but still with some grippy sides to avoid having the whole thing slip out of the hand .
all is well , but 3 stars due to having to secure other items to make this work .
in my case , i have the headset paired to both my motorola q and my playstation 3 . whichever device i am using at the time , the headset will automatically connect to that device . the sound quality is excellent , and the range is far greater than any other headset i 've used . so there it is .
i have followed the directions as given and my iphone reception is reasonable .
if you 're traveling , flying or any other situation where recharging is really difficult , bothersome , etc .
it seemed like it had the best reviews for the price .
this is great , because you are never wanting for volume . it comes with both wall charger and car charger , so i 'll never have to carry this one in to the house to charge it . look at the photos before buying notice that this is a big headset .
the buttons are easy to find and use . the lack of a cord .
i was happy on the arrival of this case for my phone .
h700 is a nice upgrade from h500 .
used with an iphone and blackberry with no issues . update this headset has lastest quite a while with a lot of use .
i loved this product it worked really great with my i pod way better than the one i had before !
i was blown away by the small size and weight could put it anywhere including a shirt pocket .
however , the ear buds given with this product are awful , they work for about 24hrs then the stickem fades off and you ca n 't keep this bluetooth in your ear more than 10 min at best .
installed this at an employee 's house and it boosts signal from 1 to 4 bars throughout the whole house .
these areas are very small , only about 300 feet long .
the sound on it is pretty good .
it is lightweight and soft edged so i can toss it in the bag with my kindle and not worry that it will scratch the screen or case . great little stand .
i really like the magnetic flap .
but hey , it works and it was cheap .
do n 't count on the delivery if you need it asap ( use a thumb tag )
i could n 't understand how to turn the led light on .
i definitely recommend this device to those who must carry two phones and have to adhere to the hands free laws in their respective states .
i charge phones and tablets with it while i am on the road .
great reception took a call in a busy factory across a large room ( phone on one side , me on other ) . only problem was it was not as loud at the h375 . it needed an earpiece to direct into your ear .
i have bought over 15 bluetooth headsets over the past years but never ended up using them .
i find it stays comfortably in your ear and does n 't easily fall off .
but , i have had problems with the slide out microphone not going back in after use .
the iotiie is only a few bucks more , and worth so much more .
the new trent itorch imp52d fulfilled all my requirements and then some !
it was a little cumbersome to put on the screen protector , but once everything was on , wow .
i have never been so organized and on top of things .
i 'm done with the iphone cables .
the dual usb ports are a plus specially for travel and if you have more than one device to charge every night .
although it does work as it is suppose to work .
i can see this being useful for lazy people who forget to plug their phones into a dock or cable to charge .
there is nothing wrong with these protectors , and well worth the money . and touchscreen sensitivity is really good with these , and better than most i 've tried .
i downloaded bluetooth and many other newer drivers .
this seems like a well made case , i would not be surporised if the manufacturer sold this same case under another name at a much higher pricecons .
item was inexpensive and very cheaply made .
and when i charge it , it charges much quicker than before . good enough for me .
no more messing with ugly cables .
but wait , instead you now want me to glue on some weird disc to the back of my phone , and add special tips just so that i can charge it ?
i hooked up the booster and immediately received a stronger signal ( 1 more bar than before ) . i then hooked up the antenna and bam !
two of the best out there .
i always felt weird wearing one of these things , but once maryland changed their cell phone laws , i had to give in .
the sound was fantastic , and when they worked they were great for phone calls .
i bought this for my bluetooth .
it 's definitely more convenient than having to pull that little flap back every night .
no other cover would have done this .
it is basically the same battery only a different company i guess .
if so , please just send it to my paypal account instead .
so it does n 't offer much protection . also , i use my iphone for music when i work out .
for me , i will rarely use the holster because it is so bulky hard plastic ; women tend not to use holsters i am no exception .
overall , a good peace which makes me fully satisfied .
however , the fact that you have to use their iphone case is kind of annoying .
i think the better design is where the plug comes out the front instead of the top or bottom , but this works well . . .
seems to be ok on the other end as well .
battery life is excellent so far .
i did not have to modify for the boxwave .
it gets many hours of use and delivers very clean sound .
kind of cool looking for a cheap device . anyway , it 's light , compact , cheap , and works .
i was incredibly frustrated to have purchased this product to find out that it does not work to charge up a phone that i specifically bought it for .
forget wearing them for day to day use because if you have a collar . . . whether it be a shirt or jacket or whatever , these will drive you nutz .
sound quality was not a major consideration since it only has to play through the speakers of phones .
this will be excellent for males especially who keep their phone in their pockets . ( you wont have to fight the fabric in your pocket to get your phone out easily . ) on the other hand , the smooth finish makes the phone feel a bit slippery in your hand .
i think of the color of the one i got as dark turquoise .
the first one developed a crack right on the seam after less than a year of use ( i did n 't drop it ) . i tried super glue but the glue may have gotten into the circuitry because the microphone stopped working . overall , the headset feels flimsy and if you grip it too tightly , it will crack .
the case is easy to put together but slightly annoying to take apart if you need to access the inside of your phone .
i purchased this headset for my mother and she has not complained about it yet !
was looking for a device to help with vehicles , especially rental ones , that do not have an abundance of outlets for all the electronic 34 ; toys 34 ; that we have .
republic wireless solved this problem over two years ago .
it has all the same specs ( and bugs ) as the silver model . in choosing a razr you should consider which color you like best , and whether or not you 're willing to pay the price premium some stores are charging on the black one . you should also read the reviews for the silver model , since both phones are the same inside . a couple of other notes the keyboard on the black razr is silver .
i have n 't used the laser pointer for anything practical yet , but the flash light has been useful more than i had expected . this is also a very small and slick looking device .
sound quality speaking , for others to hear , was unacceptable .
i was worried about having problems with the auto reverse , but it worked the very first time in my '05 audi a4 with factory stereo .
i bought this for my samsung s2 expecting somewhat of a snug fit ( i do n 't have a case ) . it fit for the first few weeks , and then the left vent clip decided to snap , along with the adjustable arm .
would definitely recommend product to any one with a touch screen
my husband had been looking at various bluetooth headphones and really liked these but they were a little pricey at our local store .
the price was great and i used ths cable to hook my ipod to my tv so i could easily hear good sound ( i have great speakers on the tv )
it has saved me on trips where i was away from my auto or plug in charger . i suggest this product with full 5 star rating . edit i forgot to add the laser pointer and led light , they have come into play several times , a great addition to the perfect product .
something that could be easily fixed by a foam microphone cover if they would make one .
the pry tools are good for the price and when used correctly do a fine job .
at this price , no problem . yes , they work with both my iphone and ipad .
works well does not feel like it is even on the phone ( the best test ! ) .
that also means you ca n 't load apps and no blackberry messenger . otherwise , i guess he likes the phone .
i live in a strange area for recption .
some heard the echo worse than the others , but all heard it .
bought this to supplement my 4g power hungry droid .
and it was a samsung product so it was a perfect fit for my phone
the sound quality and volume is fine for our needs , and it connects to both my wife 's and my own cell phones ( not at the same time ) . battery life seems to be good , and it 's easy to recharge when it needs it .
the issue then was that the supplied cable was so short the booster and repeater were interfering with each other .
the car charger is important if you are in your car for a long period of time charging without playing .
this headset adapterworks as if it is a new one , i have had no problems with it .
does the job . came in expected time .
i can leave my palm tx hooked to it even when the computer is off and it will charge it .
not so with this unit . i had a behind the head band i use which for me is very comfortable and i can quickly take the headset off and it rests on my shoulders .
the armband is hard and is exact fit for my iphone 3gs .
the edges are curved making it very pocket friendly , and not too thick .
this is the best bluetooth i have had .
sure if you are outside in a great signal area it will always work well because you will have 2 3 bars but you almost never get full bars with this case !
the front screen went out on my s105 and t mobile wanted me to buy another phone since my warrenty was up .
it has a lot of deep openings that trap dirt and it accumulates after a while .
the audio does cut in and out once in a while , but i think it 's because of interference from other wireless devices .
the standby time is 70 hours , so it does n 't have to be constantly charging .
i am very satisfied with this bluetooth .
the earbuds are designed to loop behind your neck , which is at first a bit odd , but makes a lot of sense .
i lost the charge for my motorola razr v3 , and i found this cheap one , surprisingly , it works so great that i asked my frds whoever lost the charger to buy from eforcity
the size is great and barely noticeable on your ear .
go with a little bit more expensive one and it should work better .
second , i 've noticed that sometimes it does n 't actually charge the phone , just keep it powered but to be fair , this is probably either my droid or the car , not the fault of the charger itself . i have n 't had a chance to try charging any other microusb devices with my charger , but i can only assume it works swimmingly .
this battery pack is everything you need in a single device .
i think the user interface is simply horrible to use .
not good for fitness , at least not for me too fragile .
it does n 't really bother me since i do n 't use the camera much ! 3 . if you use the lanyard its a problem when you want to use the car attachment when using the gps .
also the battery lasts longer in this unit also !
it 's so pretty . and i love the way the case feels to the touch because of the rubber .
these cables are very cheap but work great .
this charger of course does it 's job , but it also looks great doing it .
eventually the adapter did work , when it wanted to .
aside from all that however , the shipping and transaction and all that went very smoothly and i have no complaints there . )
would also be nice if the on button was n 't so small that you covered it up with your finger when you turned it on , making it hard to see the flashing blue light . whenever i use my microwave , it makes the bluetooth connection drop .
little more sturdy , can handle a drop or 5 .
these cables did not do the trick for me .
it markes great for travel because this item is much smaller than the version that came with the razr .
he just sticks his phone and whatever else in his pockets so it work out well for him
nothing a little rubdown wo n 't fix though . if you need a portable battery charger for your electronic devices , look no further .
volume level is adequate even when on noisy roads and people on the other end have actually remarked positively about the level of quality .
i recently upgraded to the iphone 5 and put a silicon case on it too . . . it fits perfectly in this pouch .
the motorola one i have is much easier to insert .
my issue is that i like to have my windows down on the freeway when it 's 80deg or less .
plus , now i do n 't need to carry around separate micro usb cables !
when i returned to my car , the battery was at a 94 charge .
i 've had this headset for about a year now ; i use it with a razr .
hook up my cell phone to my car so i can listen to my mp3 . i 'm not a audio geek master so i do n 't know if it 's a good decibel or crisp bass or tremble , but songs seems to play well .
the trick is to initiate pairing on the pc while the bluetooth connection is active .
i hope they are as good as this cable .
another minor concern is the fit .
these ratings are usually so conservative , and i ca n 't see them setting an initial charge rate 0 . 5c 0 . 7c .
the motorola h790 is by far the best bluetooth to work with my motorola droid .
also covers the power button firmly , which is great because without a case my phone would turn itself on while in my pocket at times .
these are put together nice and tight so you do n 't have to worry about losing whateve charm you have on the end of it .
it has a sleek design which looks great on my galaxy iiis .
according to the blackberry website it is supposed to .
good headset when the buttons are working properly but i would not buy another one .
it was simple and the same as it appears on the screen .
also looks much neater on my nightstand and office desk .
it is very great design and protected my phone really well from droppings .
no more lugging around my laptop .
the complaints that i have with this headphones is mostly the lack of bass and that the lapel clip keeps coming off .
but , really , it just looks so cool and you 'll differentiate yourself from the crowd . the phone is very capable and packed with features .
the two piece design makes it very easy to put on . * * * * update * * * * sorry , had to knock off one star from the original 5 star . we liked the case and went ahead and bought a 2nd case as a spare .
this equipment is obviously not a samsung product .
callers say i sound clear , although they know they are on speaker , even when the car is quiet .
works very well , and the price was right .
have purchased four and all of them stop working they spit at the end of the cord , one the plug can apart
that 's what makes this device so useful .
or i have to buy a special sleeve which adds bulk and cost to do the same ?
if i 'm not using it , it barely adds one percent power per 15 minutes .
it works perfectly for my purpose and the battery lasts pretty long , given the size of this thing .
update the person actually using these adapters ( an 80 year old grandma ) just reported from bassano italy that they worked just find and she charged her phone with no issues .
it was shipped immediately and even arrived with almost a full charge .
i walked around my office and the strength only started dropping off when i was about 15 feet from the transmitter impressive .
as it is it 's useable , just not easy .
for the money , this set is hard to beat .
just ordered this item and i must say , you get more bang for your buck !
when i ordered it , i thought it would have something other than the base unit .
so i just got this today , aug 25 08 and the back of it is not smooth like in the photo .
i searched and searched for an affordable car charger for my new samsung galaxy s3 and then i stumbled on this one .
i needed a new bluetooth after accidentally leaving my hs850 in my shirt pocket just before the wash cycle began .
i bought this for my wife to go along with her creative zen m300 4gb player .
they are easy to use , charge fast , sound quality is really good as well .
however , the green case broke in the exact same places as indicated in the other users' photos .
this thing wo n 't slide on the screen at all .
this h710 is absolutely the best on everything from utility to comfort .
it can be a little difficult to apply . tip do not touch the sticky part because you ca n 't wash that off and you end up with a annoying fingerprint on your screen .
i don 8217 ; t know what the deal is , however this case is pure garbage !
pretty comfortable to wear for a long period of time .
since getting the lanyard , she has n 't enlisted me once to find her headset . ( she did ask for help once when she could n 't find the lanyard , what are you going to do ? )
it 's not as bulky as the otter box i had for my iphone .
i bought this for my new iphone 3gs , if you click on add to shipping cart , it was only a little over $ 1 with free shipping , however if you go to used and new and find the one offered by amazon . com , it 's more expensive , $ 4 apiece , that 's what i picked .
you can tell this has n 't been done because when you plug in an android phone it asks if you want to mount as a media device or a hard drive . so if you are looking for a neat way to power and charge a modern smart device then this is n 't it .
in spite what other people say about cheap looking , made in china and all that i totally disagree .
problems that have occured the input jacks bend , short in the cords , and failure to retract as designed .
one of the better things i like about this charger is the micro usb input that is the same as all of my other devices .
it did show some wear , but i expect that of any case . one reviewer commented on the plastic holder , and i do see their point ; it is a bit thin .
i have used it , but had to get a usb cable to fit it , like the idea of charging the phone and another battery at the same time .
it hasent fallen down or anything .
at that point , it become impossible to stretch it over the entire camera because at that point the camera is vertical and too tall to fit . finally , i tried it on my mother 's kodak sureshot .
this case gets the job done but is not the best case i have invested in .
i bought the charger for my galaxy s2 phone and it works fine , it charges the phone in less time than regular chargers , i listened to reviews and bought the one from amazon itself , not other sellers , for authentication , and it works fine , even when i use the phone the battery is charging .
very handy set for use with my ipod nano .
so this charger comes in handy .
they have great sound , good volume , and great battery life .
at this moment , i just gave up . . . screw this company , screw their products .
now it is out of the line of sight for distractions . as for this thing . . .
does n 't get any simpler to use , worked great , and it also looks nice on the desktop .
this pocket case on amazon is a perfect replacement , identical in every way to the one that came with my blackberry . the case is snug and the blackberry is never in danger of falling out .
when it snapped in two , i decided on the voyager 510 ! wow , not only does it work great , but it is very , very comfortable !
i got one and it malfunctioned and the company quickly shipped me a replacement .
started to have a couple of tears where the flap folds and i can clearly see that it 's not leather .
the case is pretty compact and still fits into the smart dock , although it prevents hdmi from registering .
this is a decent case at a good price .
i had a cassette adapter that has a cord that was too long , it got caught under the seat and the only way to remove it is to cut it . sounds good too with my ipod . cons the only thing i can think of is it still makes noticeable clicking sound while in the cassette . bought this item twice already .
it 's not terribly fashionable , but you ca n 't beat the price .
you have to take your belt on off to get it into the straps . if you are wearing shorts or sweatpants with no belt , there is no way to clip this . update march 2013 1 month later this case is awesome .
after the initial charge , i was able pair my ant with my phone , plam and wifes cell in minutes .
call quality is as good as i 've heard out of any headset , and this one is well above most others in its price range .
i 've had arkon mounts for previous cell phones and purchased this one for my new iphone .
you 're possibly better off buying the much cheaper alternatives which cost pennies .
but , with the otterbox i no longer stress about the idea of my phone dropping . . .
i loved the all over protection of this phone case , , only thing is that the first time i dropped my phone it broke and my phone got scratched
it 's from hong kong so it has special characters on the keys ( though you do n 't notice them after a while ) . you have to buy special headphones to use the music player . overall , i think it 's a pretty good deal .
tech support just told me very nicely that i was one month out of warranty , but they would repair it for $ 55 plus postage .
it only does not get the 5 stars because it tends to slip off the belt .
this is perfect , i bought it for use in the car and it works great with no interference .
i found the function excellent and especially liked the folding boom mike .
first , it comes with no tips .
the battery also holds more charge .
it 's perfect for my kindle though . as some other reviewers pointed out , it sticks straight out of the device that it 's charging .
the case always unsnaps itself randomly for no good reason .
i went and got protection sheets from at t store . . . the one i used a year ago still stays on and works great !
but no , its a starter kit .
i wanted to try this product , so that i would have something to be able charge two different devices without relying on an electrical outlet .
will probably continue to use for exterior screen which receives the most abuse .
nothing sticking in your ear is the best thing about this headset . . . setting it up is easy . . . much better in the wind then previous models and i have them all ! ! ! . . . better battery then previous models , , , a step up . . . thank you motorola . . .
the headset is much lighter than they appear and can easily fit a wide array of heads .
one of the bigger problems i have with this is that it can only be charged from a computer .
eats small battery so that one to two charges per day are required ( but small battery ) . decent antenna .
i went online to motorola and got the proper set of instructions , and voila , perfect !
gradually , it began loosing its quality .
as for the weekends , i 'm back to the zune , not because i dislike the headphones , because i need to escape from the phone .
people hear me clearly on the other end .
but may be its just me , and i do have a big head .
have got a small sleeve for it and it was dropped many times .
i used this stylus for a couple months and really enjoyed it .
this phone has the best of both full keyboard and touchscreen , but i can tell you the touchscreen works flawlessly .
i had shied away from the silicone sleeves because of their tendency to pick up dust and lint .
do n 't care about not having perfect sound quality , although these are rated a 9 . 9 by me .
still the best gym investment i have made .
i find the volume level to be good , though not outstanding .
they were , however , better than the ones that came with the screen i ordered .
very nice product and much cheaper than other retailers .
it 's ok but does n 't have enough range connection with the phone .
unlike my previous motorolla where i opened the headpiece and it worked . . this is much more of a hassel . pros overall audio works quite well .
since getting these cables i found that they worked like they should , and the even seemed to hold up a bit better as they did n 't have the soft rubber that apple uses on their cables .
these cables are great for stuffing into a bag , or using at home or in the car .
i also like that it is all rubber so when i do remove it , there are no plastic parts that will crack or break .
money spent well ! ! if you need a great car charger this is the one you need ! !
i 've got a chevy volt and wanted to monitor actual charging killowatt hours .
my one issue is that it took several tries to get the case to fit snuggly on the phone the top corner just did not want to take .
most players you need to insert the cassette sideways , but i had some players before that you need to insert the cassette lengthwise .
no biggie . but the curved rubber piece is really stiff and hurts my ear after about 30 minutes or less .
the set is worth the cost , keeping two batteries moving is the way to go .
the important thing was portability and being discrete not to look like a nerd on the streets . my objective was to listen to podcasts . . .
i bought the item . i receive 2 black and 1 white . i will not buy more from this supplier .
also , there is no place for the cap to be placed on the stylus so it could be easily misplaced or lost .
i 'm always a little skeptical buying these low dollar charging cables for iphones because they tend to have problems .
the case itself is durable im just not happy with the zipper design .
i would have preferred to buy the the ac and car cords separately but at this price , who cares ?
i broke the mount for the air vent right away lol so be careful when u do it do n 't force it , my other issue is that the bottom things do n 't move so if you want to put ur phone landscape or a gps is not center on the mount but u can still used it
this one is very easy to use , but i do n 't like the cables that have to link the device to my ears .
the interface took a little getting used to , but now i navigate around on it without problem .
it fits so well , i forget that the jawbone is in my ear . the call quality is excellent according to my spouse . the reason for only four stars is the buttons , while only two , are hard to press .
i have no idea what they mean by motorola retail packaging , but beware it is not the same as the picture on the website .
but it seems like that all depends on which way the wind is blowing .
i could not tell any different from the oem battery .
it is a good value for the money .
spend the money and get a good quality one .
anyway , this charger is made really well and i highly recommend it .
with a new mtorola razr maxx in my verizon shopping cart , i was put off by the high prices for chargers and charger bundles so over to amazon i came . found this one here and have had no problems at all with it .
this battery holds a charge , but for a shorter time than i expected .
the belt clip seems sturdy enough . when i bought this , it was $ 2 . 98 with no s h . ; this certainly is n 't worth a whole lot more than that , but it 's a great value for the price .
package came in great condition and arrived sooner than they said .
this case is works and is cheap so i am still giving it a few stars , but i feel it is a little bit of tricky advertising and the item is not as one would expect . when you scrutinize the description it does state brushed aluminum back cover which i took to mean the cover is aluminum .
give me my money back i ordered it on ebay for 3 . 99 and 2 day shipping for free
new trent is a solid company providing excellent products just as described ( if not better ) and with quick delivery .
when i plug it into my wall adapter that came with my samsung showcase phone , it freezer up my buttons .
griffin products have good concept , but their execution falls little short .
even though i knew it was a motorola charger i was n 't sure about the value i was going to receive for the price i paid , but this is an excellent charger that is probably selling for twice the price in stores .
as long as under 30 bucks , a good value in a crowded field of junky options .
this stylus is very cheap quality and you have press harder on the screen to use it with an iphone or ipod .
if you try this out , however , it 's very important to check that others actually hear you well , and not , as in my experience , too loudly and with too much low end on the sound quality .
but the one that i received from the oem shop has a very stiff hard wire , not very flexible it feels that it is going to break when folding it .
the buttons are very flush with the case , which makes it hard to actually use the buttons .
i was able to get the case charged up and ready to go with no time flat .
pairing took about 5 seconds for each and pretty straight forward . i am no audiophile , but the sound is excellent .
i bought several of these chargers for my galaxy s3 , droid dna , and now htc one , they charge faster than my original chargers and they are cheap .
works well with my phone when the gps is on , i am talking and providing a full load on the phone .
it works great ! i normally have two or more devices on me at all times .
this usb port is sleek and functional .
it is a little cheap quality wise , but is a good buy for the price .
a must have if you travel a lot of use your bluetooth audio in your car .
i honestly have to say this product had no quality it only lasted a week and one of the ear jacks already broke not to mention that they really do n 't stay too well in your ears in the first place
this case is a replacement for my son 's first one .
yes shopping on line can be a risk not welcome .
interface is intuitive and functions are easy to figure out .
great as a back up to another card or for emergency use . the rates are high for most countries so use should be for emergencies or short calls only .
nextel did not seem to understand or care . quot ; it 's the closest we have . quot ; quot ; there are no 602 area code phone numbers left . quot ; i begged for maybe a 480 number or anything that is a local call from here in phoenix .
i 'll yield to the many other comments and suggest that people sweat differently ; it may be impossible to make a consumer quality headset that is immune to sweat in all cases . because of the design you cannot listen comfortably while lying down . the ugly you have to live with the dorky headband and its red accents . summary great for the office and probably while doing light exercise .
does not fit the 4s so make sure you are ordering the right one .
not so good with iphone 3g seems ok with other phones though . . .
the volume controls are also hard to get to .
the clarity is lacking and the noise reduction does not seen as good .
it is simply a matter of what you want your iphone to look like .
i love that you close to switch off and open to switch on easy and fast .
unlike motorola headset , that does not fall off but it moves on your ear and it takes a long time to get used to the fact that it is not falling off your ear .
but the samsungs are amazing and cost a whole $ 2 more .
and makes it hard to untangle , which if you are like me you will be doing several times a day . secondly if you make any movement at all , the sound travels up the wire and rattles yoru earlobes so if you are walking or god forbid running , you will hear every footstep booming in your ear over the music .
my friend also purchased one and is saying his downlink audio will deteriorate while on a call as well as the uplink audio .
i got this for around $ 30 , and it works really nice .
i 've been looking for a charger that charges more than one device at a time and i finally found it !
well i guess you get what you pay for in some cases .
it will provide some protection from scratches and falls .
it charges fast and is dependable .
i went through three wired headsets ( i like earbuds for wearing with ski and bike helmets ) lost one and had two fall apart on me , so i went to this product .
the next night i plug it in with this charger , and it does n 't work !
will buy again from this seller .
it took longer to take out of the package than to set it up with my phone .
it 's been a great little phone .
so unless i keep it plugged in ( problematic with the ac only adapter and a pita ) i never know if it 's just failed to re connect or is dead again . no more inexpensive mid low end headsets .
even motorola is no longer the major brand in the cellphone market , their product is still worth to buy .
i purchased the mobile charger to use it while navigating with the gps assistance on my e71 , i must say it works great , and it has been a great thing to have in over 2 hour trips , since the battery does get drained .
the case had stretched out and covered the sensors so once the case was removed it works perfectly .
my husband bought me the motorola s305 headset for my birthday and i love them !
get them to buy you a cup of coffee or a can of your favorite soft drink . )
there is also a nice little carry case that comes with this as well .
the cover definitely does not attract dust or show fingerprints .
and truth be told , i 've never liked the vent idea .
i would not recommernd this battery to anyone although i know the price is cheap compared to the oem batteries sold by at t .
it makes your phone more bulky and that is the price you have to pay for exceptional protection of your phone .
i definitely do not think it protects very well though .
my only complaint is this could have been dropped in a standard envelope and sent snail mail , it is about the size of a guitar pick .
phrases used by the tech included we have n 't got around the compatibility issues with symbian phones . this is a known issue . and apparently there is a significa n 't amount of discussion on the blueant support boards ( which he could not find during our call ) . not recommended for symbian owners as much as i would like to !
physically , the phone is small and thin .
so do n 't befouled by the blackberry in the description as it not just for blackberry .
came pretty quick , just a usual charger for your ipod , iphone , etc .
reasonable price and exactly what i needed .
the cord is long enough and the charger works very wiell . . .
i 've been thru three different screen protectors for my iphone 3g .
i was concerned with the description , mentioning it fits most galaxy note 2 phones .
i started using this headset two days ago .
at least my old bluetooth allowed me to listen to my music while exercising but that one a little more expensive then this one .
i have to wipe it down with a damp cloth several times a week or it 's a phone sized fuzzball .
all the design in the world does n 't mean a lick if it just does n 't work .
i bought these with the intention of using them predominantly for my work outs .
this one will not fall off of your ear , and despite it 's big size , it is very lightweight and has not caused me any pain even after using it for a week now . it charges with a micro usb plug , the same one my mouse , phone , and several other devices use .
first , it uses the same charger as both my motorola razr and rim blackberry 8700c .
i 've purchased 3 from other places that did n 't work for syncing data , so i was quite pleased .
almost nailed it with this one , bracketron .
still in use and received in good condition and on time .
they are also built well , just like the ones from the phone companies .
the belt clip is sufficiently strong and held up well .
reading the instructions would resolve most of the reviewer 's problem with the unit , moving the mouthpiece away from his her face would take care of the rest !
i chose the v300 due to the external antennae .
this motorola car charger is one of the best and a lot useful for your needs as you go on the road .
i 've used it as a data cable to the computer as well as a simple charging cable .
then are you really planning on climbing up on your roof to erect a pole so that this thing can point directly at that cell phone tower ?
very good communication on their part also to let me know the situation
any single drop of water could just go through the charger slot easily . the device is so comfortable that i sometimes forget that i am even wearing it . i took a star off due to the horrible horrible plastic packaging .
why pay for the name when you have a product like this .
what can i say , the e71 is great !
it 's a very good buy in this price .
they immediately sent me a replacement of the headset , but not just a replacement , an $ 85 replacement !
noise suppression was that good . the headset is larger than most , but i actually like that . .
also , it 's relatively small . . . not really a burden to through into a bag if needed while traveling .
i went back to my falling apart blueant z9 . after the blueant completely fell apart i gave the discovery 925 another try and i 'm glad that i did .
this one is ok , the light on the new ones we bought worked about twice , so getting one with a light on it is not worth the money .
this is an all around good value for your money .
it 's nottoo heavy , but you can tell it 's great quality . lasts a long time .
i see other brands as well as the 'china' models for the same price , and for what it is , the charger works better than other off market models . it 's cheap and it works , for the price you cannot go wrong .
my friends say they my voice is much clearer when using the slide out feature . overall this is a great product .
it did not kill my battery like other chargers do when your on the phone .
i 'm very happy with my jabra jx10 headset .
even when music is playing and you get a call it automatically pauses the music for the phone call and then resumes it when the call is finished .
this can lead to crimping the cable at the joint , and after six months of this , the cables typically stop working . so far , so good with this cable .
basically this cable makes everything better than the original .
it 's not flimsy as someone stated .
i 'm happy getting paid $ 3 to buy this headset .
other than that it is a cable for very cheap and it works .
this is really one of the best gadgets i 've ever bought .
nokia e71x has no duplicate , not even alike , and if it is not nokia e71x , nothing else can be it . amazon should delete the description and exemptions written in fine prints as they do not speak well of the organization nor the product . thank you
i bought this because i needed this type of usb adapter not that i had a motorola razor .
love the case wallet , love the price , great on delivery , will order again if need be , my friend really loves her new case charger
it did n 't even fit his phone right .
it regularly pops off my ear even when i 'm not moving and is almost impossible to fit with sunglasses or computer glasses on .
got this as a replacement for my husbands original charger for his samsung galaxy s and it worked just as good as the original .
but its located a little too low on the phone , making it harder to type and charge . overall the best blackberry i have ever used .
the customer support and service is top notch .
good product at low price . purchased this looking for a smaller charger and i love griffin products . free shipping just took a little longer
to make up for the inconvenience andy is including a couple of extras in the replacement package .
it was so much easier to buy this off amazon than to go a store and have to deal with the sales person .
most everyone i talk to reminds me i am suppose to be using a hands free unit and when i tell them that i am they are amazed with the sound quality and the lack of road noise .
my recommendation . . . do not , under any circumstances , buy anything from this seller !
sometimes does not link up to the cell phone when you come in or it disconnects when it is sitting for some reason .
there must be headsets out there that provide better sound quality , longer range , and have more intuitive buttons and controls .
all in all , i am pleased with this unit and would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality speakerphone for the car .
i got sound and the microphone worked but i got a lot of feedback and echo .
however , they do n 't work with my mac , and contrary to the insinuation by the other reviewer , this is in no way jabra 's fault .
very convenient to charge my apple phone mp3 player .
it goes on perfectly with no bubbles , i ca n 't say that about many other screen protectors and i have used quite a lot .
i use it with a case with no problems .
playing mp3s from a phone or player sounds more clear and louder than if i were to tune in a radio station .
with the wep200 , it stays connected all day after many calls . the volume is a little low and it appears that every time you shut it off to recharge , the volume resets to its default middle level .
good protection for the screen so i do n 't worry about putting the phone in my pocket with keys .
there 's a fatal flaw in this device .
i give this product a 4 star rating only because i ca n 't shut off the blue power light , which is so bright , it illuminates my home office as well as any night light !
i can do the shake your head test and this stays in place . cons the charging case is cool , but i have a hard time getting the headset out of it sometimes .
this case is so great i bought another one .
i got this because it was good price and its works as intended .
but i could n 't wait for the pre as my 680 started crapping out on me and i did n 't want a 700 750 800 . however , since i have been syncing my palm with outlook for years , the data transfer was pretty seamless .
this one quickly became my baby ! 1 . it charges fairly quickly2 . the indicator light is great . 3 . you can charge from the computer , wall charger etc . it is just perfect !
i am disappointed that apple no longer makes apps for this phone and so the most recent features are unavailable
it has a superfluous laser pointer , which i have not found a use for .
however , i use the keyboard much too often to continue with this cover .
the galaxy s5 is an expensive handheld personal device that needs solid protection .
it can easily handle my iphone 4 without any need to worry about my iphone being dislocated . this device comes with 2 holders .
i consider this a good choice for a budget bluetooth device , although people who plan on using one every day for important calls will probably want to upgrade to a more expensive model . debbie lee wesselmann
this cell phone case it 's ok but it mayed of of plastic so when you get it make sure the ergde 's do n 't break off are you will have to but another one . i had 4 of them that broke on me and would not stay on and all .
this phone is easy to program , too .
it may have been too much sweat moisture as i was using them while running .
i was a bit skeptical when i saw the price and read some reviews but i thought hey its logitech it must be good .
granted , i paid less than $ 30 for the battery case , but i would expect at least a 6 month lifespan .
i bought a few of these cables several months ago , and have no indication that the low price of these cables comes at the expense of durability or overall quality . i recently bought more as backups , and also as extra cables for immediate family .
it is working great so far .
this is a little inconvenient as we often do n 't realize that the pack has lost all the charge and is not charging our devices anymore . another thing i really like about this product is how fast i can recharge it .
great little usb cable that works with the old 30 pin plug apple used on items before mid 2012 . if you need a cable for one of these items this will work for you .
should protect well if it gets dropped . both sides are the same so the scanner can go into either side and the cable into the other .
the plastic tool did work okay , but it 's basically ruined after one use .
my husband hated wearing a bluetooth headset ( none of them seemed to fit right ) . we both were quite excited to see this product available and could n 't wait to get it .
i bought it for $ 24 . 95 plus 2 free car chargers , and they came the next week on monday when i ordered them on thursday .
however , the cell coverage where i works seems to have improved , so i no longer need it .
this will be my second one of these as we have one for my wife 's vehicle for her droid 2 global . to recap received an official motorola charger with a micro usb end ( it was in a generic half white half clear bag but i do n 't care ) . works with droid x and droid 2 global perfectly . price is great . received it in a few days time .
recommend for lg rumor and for palm if you ca n 't find a better case .
it is a little difficult at first learning how to slip this around your ear but after awhile it works out ok .
that 's works very well for me .
after reading several reviews and looking at competing cables i deciding on this one .
perfect for taking to the gym without having to take them off .
the cable is cheap , and it lives up to expectations .
if it 's noisy e . g . , like driving , or in a hotel room with the air conditioner fan blowing full blast or if the person on the other end is not talking very loudly , then it 's sometimes hard to hear . it 'll drop audio i . e . , the call goes back to my cell phone when the battery is getting low .
the only thing i would change about the stylus is the size .
when i plug it in , it may or may not charge .
i have this headset , and i feel like it 's a pretty good device .
with this charger , you just pick it up off the pad just as if it were sitting on the desk right next to you .
the magnetic closure is the best i 've seen , with no alignment required yet very secure .
all it does is just protect the screen , but it works great !
4 stars because the quality is fairly cheesy . . .
it was plagued with low volume and poor connection .
it is light , has plenty of battery capacity , and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time .
works well with my iphone and the case that is on it .
the clip is a non issue for me . updated 6 1 2012the black case is a great product .
it is exactly what i need , and it works perfectly . this charger is a godsend .
i only charge it about once a week .
i would like the volume to go up a bit louder for noisier surroundings , but overall i think this is a great headset .
you will still be able to close the boom .
hopefully there would be a firmware update to fix this issue .
i bought this for my daughter and the tip broke off in her phone the same day that i gave it to her . the noise hush is real good . big c .
most other phones give you a nice loud sound when pushing the number buttons . all in all , i 'm sorry i went so cheap on this phone , and wish i 'd spent just a few dollars more and gotten something better .
oh well . i would highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for one .
it does not add very much bulk to the phone at all and that little bit is worth it for the protection it gives .
this is the best bt of the iphone that i have found .
check out the picture i posted of the signal strength before and after .
i suggest grabbing a pair of these and loading some music on your cell phone . * * * also , i tested these at a range of 30 feet and then they started to cut out . . . 30 feet distance form my phone is pretty good . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * may 04 , 2010 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * updatei 'm still using these things at the gym .
it did n 't really work and was very uncomfortable .
but another thing you can use is your navigation apps and the nav will run in the background meaning that you can listed to music and when instructions come it lower the music tells you then turns it back up .
spurious and random characters are generated when the screen is touched instead of the keys that should be detected .
i like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear , rather than inside .
end result love it ! ! it 's light and slim and fits nicely in my briefcase .
they work , sound quality is ok , battery life not so much . . . only holds a charge for two hours or so .
but if you have a working older model its not worth the upgrade . also check out the treo 700w although not sure how the push email compares with blackberry yet .
i 've never said that about any other bt headset .
and the rubber cases tend to stretch out over time and this lets in dust and grit which can scratch the iphone .
very slim and tiny cables , sturdy , very long and well made .
i realize how absurd it is do get so excited over a cell phone charger . . . . .
i bought this to secure my bluetooth .
this is nothing fancy but just a very practical charger for apple products .
we reset and resync'ed and still it sounds horrible .
it would be my go to case .
i was a previous blackberry user and was accustomed to using holsters .
this tool is ok , but it could be betterhaving just one pry tool is almost like a fetterbecause it almost died on me , and i would be out of luckso thankfully i fixed my phone , before i got stuckthe screwdrivers are fine , but it 's the blue prying tool that is the limiting factor given that you only get one .
great battery at a super price .
the case fit is too tight .
this headset may be a bit obtrusive to some , but if its comfortable , that 's what is most important to me .
you ca n 't clamp your phone very well because of the cheap design , and the bottom ledge is too small .
i had this charger for about 14 months .
then getting home late in the dark i just feel for the button and turn on the led flashlight .
the unit works ok but i find it a hassle to have to put the phone in the poorly fitting case .
i bought it to replace my son 's missing cable .
there 's a trick to do this , however .
the main reason i wanted this was for the retractability since i hate having cables dangling around . working on getting a refund for this item now .
the only slight problem i have is the cable is short and stiff , it would be easier if it could twist a bit more . but this is a fully functional cable including host id if you have a usb on the go product , for geeks , it has all 5 wires , not just 4 , and they are fairly large gauge wire for usb , and well shielded .
great cover the fit is perfect looks really good and the price was fair .
i got it for use with the mytouch 4g and it appears to work just fine .
i searched long and hard to find a quality charger for my phone .
the device arrived promptly and worked as advertised .
other than this , i expect a long time of protection for my s5 .
what else can you say ; an oem unit that is specifically geared towards its sister products , the motorola droids . performs as excellently as expected ! ! !
this leaves the screen protector unusable .
the juicepack does in it self drain fast .
pretty sure it is n 't an official apple usb charger but it does the job .
however , whenever i plug it in and push it in tight it works flawlessly .
i suspect the excellence of the android design is helping with my bluetooth success after all these years .
i was surprised how securely it stays in place .
i use my phone to make calls , text , and use gps while on the trails .
it fits my bluetooth like a glove and helps keep it really nice and safe also from misplacing my bluetooth if i remember to put it in the case .
i have not tried my other charger cables to see if they will work with this charger port .
with gps turned on , htc sensation and samsung galaxy s 4g either stayed at current charge or very slowly gained a little .
there is the occasional dropped signal , but that 's easily and quickly restored .
on some computers , including mine , the usb ports are underpowered , and some poor cables do not transmit data well .
this pack has been great and after a year of usage is still performs like day one .
i 'm sure bb will fix these issues with later phones . the buttons are a little small ( i have fingers like sausages ) but i 've learned to type using my thumbs nonetheless . add an 8gb microsd card and you 're in business !
the sticker was on crooked . i think this thing is a fake .
for an ipad you have more surface area and your finger works pretty well , so you will be more frustrated when repeated taps on the glass bring no response . once again , it 's a hit and miss with the quality so you may get a decent one or a bad one which is not too great .
i have no idea what happened but it just would n 't charge the phone .
the volume and fitment of this 820 are much better than on the 850 . i have only had 1 signal related issue and that was due to me being too far away from the phone .
most chargers for cell phones are cheaply made .
great if you have multiple devices to charge when traveling with other people .
now i can get rid of my landline and start saving some money .
on a daily basis i find that it charges from 50 in about 35 45 mins .
the cover seems more durable than the original . battery life is dramatically improved .
i had to purchase this headset just to be able to talk to him on the phone while he 's working .
i bought 2 and only 1 of them works .
so keep in mind , even if its says dual it works great only with one device ( maybe mine is broken idk ) .
fits like a glove and my phone is protected ; therefore , it 's worth the money .
when you need internet access the most ( e . g . , when you want to log onto amazon . com to compare shop that big sharp aquos lcd tv you are looking at inside a best buy store ) . unfortunately , t mobile has not improved its coverage or download speed , so if you get the sk , be prepared for slow speed and lost connections .
i was surprised , it was inexpensive ( approx $ 7 ) and constructed well .
on the second day , the pause button stopped working and i could n 't change tracks anymore .
the camera features are nice , the 8g version seems to be the better way to go in terms of os since i think it has more operating memory .
i have used this headset for a couple of year 's now and it still works great .
you can see that these types of cases are less than ideal .
after that , you will get a good amount of data about any device you plug in to the kill a watt .
i took this charger to ces 2013 . as anyone who 's been to ces knows , a single charge on a phone does n 't last the whole day .
it doesn' have an usb as it specified , jus a direct wall charger .
while understandable given the juice that it provides , the bulk ensure that i never carried it outside the hotel room . along comes the imp52d .
also , through wear and tear through traveling , the wires are vulnerable to snapping . i 'm not sure if other samsung chargers have a stronger wire , but if not , i hope future chargers improve on the strength of wires .
also , the hook falls off easily when it 's in my pocket .
the only complaint i have about them is they stopped working with my blackberry after i plugged the headphones in another device and then tried using with my phone .
i purchased the gold version of this unit for my wife because it was rated so highly , looked great , and had lots of excellent features , especially the fact that you could charge the case that held the unit and the case , in turn , could extend the charge of the unit itself .
but a cheap way to alleviate such a problem would be to cover the led lights with tape . i used this device as a hub for all my usb devices for my macbook pro ( 2009 ) and the device works flawlessly , including for my usb speakers .
i got a defective purchase item here and am still awaiting the rma from the seller .
but for the price and their versatility , they 're well worth it .
the mophie cord is actually sturdier than the apple iphone cord but i would have liked to have had the option to use my original cord .
it kept retracting ad then finally just broke .
it 's a whole lot less money then you would pay at the at t store .
this is the perfect case for my phone .
i like this little case a lot .
i bought this as a back up to my regular car charger as i always have more than one and now its my regular charger and does the job well .
i ca n 't understand why some consumers still regularly pay ridiculously high prices for hdmi cables .
the stand that comes with it is a plus , letting me watch youtube , etc . nice product that has protected my phone very well , and held up very well to two years of constant use .
with this headset , they could tell that i was using one , but they could hear me loud and clear .
battery life has been very good .
i used to have the mirror reflection cover ( which is awesome ) . i like this cover .
people were no longer able to hear me .
in summary , considering bluetooth still has some improvements to make , this is just not worth $ 80 , period .
as for the metal clip being loose and coming off your belt they must have fixed this as the holster is rock solid on my belt loop and also even when i just clip it on my jeans pocket .
the trouble is in getting it to stay in place when i move around .
this has caused me to find my phone in my purse with no case whatsoever . all in all , while the design of the case may be a plus the quality is a deal breaker .
i am using this to keep my garmin nuvi 360 powered up while driving .
i now own many of their cases and they alwasy seem to fit well look great and do n 't break the bank to purchase .
great idea not to have a button or anything .
as long as i do not bump my phone it will charge and works great .
it has to be aimed , but that is pretty quick if you have an idea of where the tower is .
any amount of cable means that the thing might as well just plug into my phone .
the speech quality received by the person i was calling was excellent .
this would be a better product if could use it in portrait mode too .
the bummer part is this product outlasted my headset which went out on me .
but after less than a half hour , these things were hurting my ears right where they wrap up and over the ear .
the upside is that since the battery is removable i can have a spare charging elsewhere . overall opinion is that i would n 't even consider returning to or buying a treo 600 now that the treo 650 is available .
these screen protectors came as part of a combo purchase recommended by amazon .
the sound quality was excellent , but the earpiece is flimsy and irreplacable terrific electrical engineering , poor mechanical engineering . i loved it when it was n 't broken .
they 're both plenty loud enough , clear reception , good range ( phone can be two rooms away ) , and people on the other side of the call say they could n 't tell i was on a headset . great performance considering the price paid .
bought this for my girlfriend 's phone so she could listen to music on it . .
works when it wants as opposed to when i want .
so it must be from the dial pad .
i just retract and keep in my center console in my car .
i purchased this to take family self portraits but it did n 't hold it at the proper angle .
it also offers some level of protection if dropped onto a hard surface . as i have come to expect from amazon and its affiliates , the case was at a bargain price and was delivered within days of my placing the order .
sound quality is fine , about what you would expect from a cassette tape .
it is a little inconvenient to hold and charge , but you learn to work around it . i have no complaint about the memory card slot being under the battery .
just position it correctly on the touchstone you 're good to go .
gave it one star bad quality control disappointed .
if you place your device in a holster , sleeve , or any other enclosure , then you can just forget it .
this is a great screen protector .
i use them primarily for jogging , so to get them to stick in my ears , i really have to dig them into my ear holes .
have dropped the phone so many times the case is beat to s * * * , and no damage to the phone .
nicely made its great for church or shopping when u do n 't feel like carrying your purse .
the case it self is strong enough to protect from small falls , but the case it self would break or fall apart if dropped from your pocket or onto a hard surface .
at first , the case seemed to be a godsend .
this works well by being clipped to my ear and i can use it to chat hands free .
when i put it in the off position , it turned on .
i have an 8gb micro sd card in mine and it works perfectly . i have not had any of the problems some of the other users have experienced , except for a loose battery .
so well that i will stand for the torture of discomfort required to hold this thing on my ear with a makeshift clip .
keep the spare charged . . . when one dies , swap it out .
i decided to give sony ericsson ( se ) another chance with the w810 . should be an awesome phone , right ?
to conclude , i will be sticking with this case because of the look , protection , and decent grip .
it fits comfortably and i have found the sound to be excellent .
it help keep my bluetooth secure
it also arrived when i expected it to .
i was looking for something different to my wife and this case its strong and beautiful .
lasted one week shy of a month , now it will not charge nor connect to my phone or pc .
after using this headset for 2 months , i decided to finally leave a thorough review . pros noise cancellation works very well .
also the little circle marks which side to plug it in so that simplifies it just a little more .
my advice to that reviewer consider reading the instructions and adjust the mouth piece away from your mouth ( not in the instructions ) . initially the headset hanging on one ear was a little uncomfortable , but within days i was walking out of the office forgetting i was even wearing it .
what do i mean by gross ?
other than that the case does what it 's supposed to do .
it will more than half way charge my ipad 2 . i bought it as a charger , and not for the laser and led light , but they are nice to have .
while several inches shorter ( 40 ) than the original it works well and with the touch stone .
the video would go dark , or display upside down and backwards , or show half the screen and half snow , with the visible half reversed .
so sound will be lost . i already have a button hard to press . . . ( prev .
i love the product it very nice i will keep supporting your business sorry for the late feed back is the time i got it in trinidad and customs clearance
this battery seems to work just as bad as the original one i 've had for a few years . when i received it , it had about 70 life and i decided to fully charge it and then let it completely die before recharging .
so that is a plus ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * these little adaptors look like they are well made and the price was right . i will add more when i get back !
even if this device worked flawlessly , it might be worth about $ 30 at best . here are my gripes * it says it has a range of about 30 feet .
great product , very sturdy and not made of cheap , light plastic .
still , i much prefer using my finger .
this was one of the first bluetooth headphones to come out and i still believe it is one of the best .
the photo quality is n 't anything to write home about , though the zoom feature is pretty effective .
this product was very easy to set up .
i ordered the wrong sim card , but it came very fast and was used by another family member that has t mobile .
it is very handy to not have to carry or search for a usb charging cable .
this charger is so much better quality than some of the others i 've had .
for all but the absolute quietest situations , the volume is simply not loud enough for reliable use in a car .
they lost my shipment and had to resendthe order . .
it does present some difficulty in that the apple pin is covered and the usb connector cannot replicate all apple connection features .
bought wire to get information off a old phone . . . .
i 'm considering duct tape . still , it gets great battery life and is generally a great speaker with excellent sound quality , especially for the money .
if only the voyager was as good quality as these ear pieces , i would still be using them .
however , it 's not a problem at work , and at home , the hub is hidden behind a monitor .
i recently bought a new cell phone ( sony ericsson z520a ) with bluetooth .
hi i just recently purchased this case and love it .
it does fit the iphone 4 , i have a small thin case on mine and it fit with no problem .
it 's easy to read the screen , it has tons of applications , and the most important thing . . .
everything else is secondary , except for battery life .
i 've gotten the same sound quality out of this $ 20something headset as i did from the $ 140 jawbone and $ 160 sennheiser !
this protects the screen but does n 't really look all that great .
the core capability of this is as a battery , and it does not perform anywhere near its stated capacity . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * update 6 6 14 new trent did replace this with another unit and the new unit works very well .
if it had 2 charger cords , i would have given 5 stars !
but for emergency or occasional use you cannot beat it .
you can adjust the width height of the stand somewhat , but that requires you to dissemble reassemble the stand again . the stand is for my preschool child who uses a itouch .
i just got this headset from best buy .
it comes with no usb cable whereas i found most usb cable will be too big to insert in the dock .
and i had an mp 3 player that fit loosely and had some trouble staying connected .
i did n 't have a spot in my car to actually install and mount a cradle so i decided to try a weighted friction cradle instead and of course going with arkon was a great choice .
it takes my phone forever to charge .
i got it after a long time but it was worth it , it feels good iphone sits in it perfectly and the magnet is good5 out of 5 no problems at all
for the money , it 's a good buy if you 're looking to keep the phone in your pocket without adding a lot of bulk .
the led lights are a bit bright , but for me it 's not much of an issue since the hub lives down on the floor in my setup .
in fact i believe that if it falls down , the cover will click open and will not protect the phone at all , so what 's the point ?
it is simple to set up as well .
the s105 and this are almost identical in size , but the e105 was smaller . . .
this was bought to use with ipod classic and it works great .
this very simple stand has a lot going for it .
sprint store wanted around $ 30 40 so went online and found this one for only seven dollars !
it used to take me minutes to plug in the regular cord , often in the dark when my wife is asleep .
this cover is very nice , it looks expensive .
i was back in business . caveats , will handle multiple devices but each additional will reduce smplification .
it is definately made for the lg phone , but the centro fits almost like a glove .
it charges , i suppose that 's all that matters
charging is convenient using the same usb charger as my razr cell phone .
worked wonderful with my blackberry storm .
you have to pull both ends out evenly ( with the center part staying in the middle of the span ) . you cannot pull from one side only it will get tangled and jam .
it charges my phone and it do n 't take long either
the cable and the connectors are excellent too .
this is the same pouch that verizon stores sell . i did not have any issues with the fit of my phone in the pouch , as others had indicated ; in fact , it is a better fit than the old one it replaced , which was 2 years old .
this case is simple to put on , it 's not bulky so easily fits in pants packet and being rubber it does n 't slip n slide easily .
i plugged the unit in and the bars on my phone went from 2 to 5 after a few seconds .
i have got so many better quality cases from different places on amazon then what this one .
would have liked it to be longer .
it charges my htc evo very fast with no problems .
it 's not a perfect case , but i 've paid $ 30 on cases for other idevices that had similar issues .
they would also be cute if the m m piece was a bit bigger .
it pretty much covers most , if not all , of the accessories you 'll need to complete the fuze .
once it arrived i ordered two more because it works perfectly with all the devices i have charged with it . ( incredible , thunderbolt , iphone , optimus and two other usb devices ) . i am going to order 5 more of them for use at the company i work for .
this is a t mobile sim card that is unactivated . t mobile has this new thing where if you are a new service member you have to pay 10 dollars for the card that they activate for you . you ca n 't use this card ! this is for a replacement in case you lose yours .
when i bought the note 2 , i wanted the same kind of pouch .
we think that this works great coupled with a samsung phone but it seems to dislike other brands .
when he spotted a tiny bubble , he slightly pulled up the film and reset it again .
call quality is good , although i detected some echoing during my testing .
i would recommend this mount to anyone , it is well built and well designed .
had to put on my reading glasses to read it . overall , it is an excellent product .
this way i could keep on my iphone case .
its a great idea , but this one sucks !
in that regard it worked fine .
i actually used the phone in this setup when i wanted to have a conference call and the other person 's voice coming out of the car stereo worked great for that purpose . the only caveat i would list is that if your car has a long sloping windshield you may find the extension not quite long enough to bring the phone within reach .
having two usb ports is a plus when you have more than one device which needles a charge .
they are all the same . although the description says that these are reusable , it is hard to take one of them off , and put it back on without some lint getting stuck to it .
i recently used the imp52d itorch at a 4 day convention and it was a huge life saver !
these are the cutest thing but they also sound wonderful !
product was refurbished , but works like new .
nice , reasonably compact , sturdy , fast charges , and a long cord .
the case looks good but it functionally left a lot to be desired .
i charge it every night , never had a low battery problem in a day .
so far it 's worked exactly as expected .
the volume controls are easy to reach .
poor design and very cheap plastic .
note that the mount will move a up and down a bit if you move it since the base support just leans against the bottom of the vent but that 's okay .
for me that is a good thing since the ac adapter is significa n 'tly smaller than the adapter that came with the palm pre .
i just pop the sim card into my quad band phone and i 'm all set ! the card was free with purchase of mysony ericsson w580i grey phone ( unlocked ) . cons none that i can think of . helpful tips the phone number you are assigned is from the uk .
my wife , mother , and paralegal all report that this is the best sounding headset i have had .
for $ 2 . 40 i did n 't fight the error very hard but the fact remains i was charged for services not rendered .
now i 'm back to the troubling task of charging the stupid thing up .
it 's not a huge negative because the scratches are on the back of the case and not visible .
the overall sound is ok , but lacks a little on the bass .
also it is build in a super strong manner and even though i dropped my phone a few times , its shock resistant technology wo n 't let a single thing happen to the case or the phone .
nevertheless , it is still useful when a real pair of headphones are not available . the range , as mentioned in other reviews , is n 't amazing , but was sufficient to move about an average sized room and worked intermittently through a cinder block wall . it fit fairly comfortably on my ear and seems to easily hide , though is a bit cumbersome to put on at first .
questions does anyone elses player not look like the one pictured here ?
it works and it was a great price . it came really fastthats it nothing more to really say about it
we wanted to get rid of the land line . here is my feedback 1 . the manual was confusing .
this battery is as good as original battery , but cost is a whole lot less than going to sprint or palm website .
a nice change for me having a headset that does n 't slip and slide , fall out of my ear , or buzz .
after dutifully charging the jaybird jb 200 01 powered and paired them with the ipod touch 3g , fitted them over the ears per detailed instructions w o incident .
good hard case . . hard to find since most folks do n 't have an iphone 3 anymore . . i like how the lip protects the sides too .
i have been using the bb curve for the last year , and this is a huge step up .
the wind technology is not bad .
it has protected my phone from many drops and the only way it looks different from when i first purchased it is that the casecrown sticker on the back fell off . i have n 't had problems with it peeling like other users have complained about .
this phone was so basic , it was little more than a thin calculator .
otterbox has done it again with another high quality case . this thing can protect you iphone against almost any damage conceivable , short of missile strikes . if you are in a position or have a job in which you move around lots and have a risk of dropping your iphone , get this case .
i got these because my old one broke at the micro usb end .
all cars should come standard with this blue tooth .
a little red light goes on when the unit is pushed far enough into the cigarette lighter to allow it to charge , whether or not it 's attached to a phone , so when it occasionally needs to be pushed a little further in , it 's easy to notice this the red light goes out and you can push it back in snugly .
i never have to worry about a low battery with this charger !
the best i can do is get it to charge , though the entire time it is charging the computer is complaining about unknown device and could not install drivers even though it works beautifully with the original cable .
the original battery in my bb8900 stopped holding charge after almost 2 years .
after purchasing this battery case i am no longer worried about running out of battery life .
it gives you all the basic information you need , v , a , w , ect .
get a drop of water or sweat in that port and the sensor turns red meaning your phone is then out of warranty .
recharge is quick too , usually i can go from completely dead to completely recharged in about an hour .
i think it had a hard time keeping the signal because the signal was still pretty weak by the window .
seems it ca n 't handle a little sweat , which seems odd for a device that is made for sporty use .
there is also a feature that is supposed to block out background noise which i have n 't really tested so i cannot comment on that feature .
nice easy to use design i 'm on ladders all day and no longer worry about loosing it
you can bend the cable any direction you want , even kink together if you wanted to with ease . both ends are very snug .
i wish someone had warned me about the bad reputation of mr .
the reception on this thing is amazing .
the magnetic cover works too ; most do n 't stay closed .
after the cheap adapter blew a fuse , i decided not to put something in the work van that could damage the van further and i believe this is a quality product .
it has caught the attention of many passer byers and it 's very easy to tote around . this does not come with a wall charger though , just 2 usb cables and a carry bag . if you have a phone or any other mobile device that charges via usb , you need this !
the case fits on the phone and is loose .
super convenient as you do n 't have to remove the camera from the case .
not much to say other than this charger works flawless on an iphone 3gs and is a lot cheaper than other models .
the cords tend to have a problem of eventually breaking right where the wire meets the plug , but for the right price they last pretty well .
as the sound 20 is no longer a current model , the price has dropped significa n 'tly i paid around $ 20 for mine .
so i am back to using the original cable that came with my phone . do yourself a favor , pay a little bit more , and buy a quality motorola or other branded cable .
the picture is of a new battery and describing it as original leads people to believe they are receiving a new , original oem replacement part .
in the past , people on the other end of my calls always complained about wind noise , with this headset that is n 't an issue anymore .
but you can not take the removal of the charging cord from the headset lightly , and i just do not need to be burdened with this .
i was expecting just a stand without an option to charge the battery , since the price was so low i could n 't believe it .
overall i prefer this over the larger imp500 for quick trips mainly because of the size of the unit .
it could just be the sockets in modern cars but i doubt it .
this is very small , but unlike the goldlatern bluetreks or the jabra , does not hide its mass well ; it all sits right outside your ear , and in completely inconspicuous .
this only worked for a few times to charge my iphone .
noise cancellation is very good and the sound on my end is also very good .
i was able to stick in a 32 gb usb ( the new ones that are pretty small ) and a bluetooth headset into this case .
it works perfect and does everything it claims to do .
the new thumb keyboard , but the keyboard is still very useable .
it worked very well until she lost it .
with a quality screen protector , i think this will keep my iphone well protected while still showing of the sleek and eye catching design of the phone .
i bought this for my wife 's first generation iphone and it works perfectly . she keeps her phone in her back pocket and this case keeps the back from getting scratched up . it also prevents the phone from sliding all over the place . i wish it was a tiny bit bigger and came with a screen protector , hence the 4 5 stars .
this pack of pry tools work with a number of different devices and they do what they need to do get your device open .
be warned that it glows blue not too brightly so it 's a little extra light on the car when it 's dark .
i have half a mind to think the seller sent me a faulty dock because i complained about receiving the incorrect propduct to begin with .
it works fine and wo n 't fry your phone
just did n 't fit well with no possible adjusting available . . .
having a regular cell phone plan for me personally , is not an option i hate to be 'on the leash at all times' ! ca n 't wait when nokia releases skype edition for 5800 ! i know it 's coming !
when i contacted the seller for a refund they wanted me to return the cables .
will even work well on the road when traveling , ( re car etc ) .
at least it does not take up much space .
i had intermittent problems with both echo and a horrible static which i noticed others on the apple support community were also experiencing . for me , i do n 't like messing with bluetooth because it is one more thing to charge .
its a bad habit but so is reaching for the glasses across the car and still be driving , but no more .
when i tried to adjust it , it fell off . . . every time !
personally , i wish the max volume was a bit louder , but the set is fine . pairing was a breeze , and i can leave my iphone on the top floor and walk around the main floor of my house wearing the 903 's without any loss of signal .
so i bought it to use when i 'm not near a power outlet .
the sound is decidedly low end and the ear buds run small like they were made for small women or children .
also , i needed a product that would help me with my carpal tunnel issues . this product is n 't that great .
the imp52d also does a great job of holding its charge so it is very reliable .
but all in all , i like the 810 much better .
no , i ca n 't control the volume , but that is apple 's fault . . .
this car charger works for several different cell phones that we have .
two years later , the base is still working great !
the buttons seem to be a bit hard to press for me , volume and on off , but probably just need to get used to the feel .
this pack of 3 really was a great buy for the price and served it purpose .
i 'm not entirely certain of the rapid rate of which the product claims to have , but it does charge my phone at a reasonable rate
works well with both my cell phones .
the silicone does n 't seem to be losing its stretch and does not pick up dirt like some of my other cases .
i revised the product rating to five stars .
will try to remember to report back on warranty process
and cushions a fall in all the right places .
not pleased with the first cover she ordered for her samsung galaxy note 2 , my wife is loving this one by boxwave .
suction cup works awesome , it ai n 't goin now where .
had to trim a hair off one end but for less than $ 2 with free shipping , it 's hard to complain .
i bought this recently and did not expect much , as it was only $ 2 . 99 shipped to my door .
if they just stepped up the manufacturing process this would be a must have .
this little gadget is quite the bargain .
i am using it at the front window close to the mirror .
pressing and holding the green button for what seems like a very long time to turn the unit off is a bit cumbersome , especially when one is in a hurry .
the light does sometimes get annoying when night driving but its worth it
i 've owned the blueparrott b250 xt headset for 13 months .
this blackberry pocket pouch is exactly what i needed to replace one that was lost some time ago .
i have little to no signal even though i can see the cell tower in the distance .
it is very portable and light weight .
who knew you could get a replacement trackball for your blackberry delivered for under $ 5 . this now going to be a regular 6 month service for me .
it 's a bit long and wearing it on your hip vertically makes it uncomfortable and unwieldy when you sit down .
otherwise the sound quality and fit are great .
nice little case , but the ipod did n 't fit squarely in the unit i got .
if you buy it to plug your phone into the audio in your car . . . news flash , read the length .
this is the only headset i have ever had ( and i 've had a lot ) that had a dedicated button for this .
my wife 's phone shatter while being dropped in this case .
that way you can have your microphone in it 's dock and just talk into it that way .
i get noise when using this device .
also have another same style but for a samsung s3 which is also great which is why i bought 2 of these for iphone .
also have seen it do great for the iphone 5 on 4g as well .
the antenna has held firm in measured winds up to 100 mph too !
i bought this as a replacement to the power support anti glare model that i purchased from the apple store when i purchased my iphone .
i just wish they made a case for my new google nexus 4 . . . had to do a warranty exchange recently ( after more than a year of abuse ) . it was extremely easy .
if you purchase additional receivers and attach them to your phone , then they will charge .
charges all the different cell phone batteries that i 've had for the last year .
adds a little bit to the form factor but not enough to outweigh the protection .
the design is very sleek , and fits into a pocket with ease .
this time the light did n 't come on anymore .
they work very well , like much better than the motorola 's we had , and these are quite stylish and unobtrusive .
it does nothing except steal power .
however , connection is established pretty quickly . i still use this device , mainly to use with my phone as a navigation device .
i plugged it into my laptop and it started charging and brought up itunes right away just like the apple one .
unfortunately there are a number of quirks that you have to deal with to get this thing to work .
i wish it came with the phone , because it 's definitely one of the best features of the pre , by keeping it a truly wireless phone . well worth the amazon price ( cheaper than verizon ) , and something every verizon pre owner should get .
this is a great cable for me ! ! i love using it in my car . i connect it to my smartphone to listen to my radio app while i am traveling out of town . once i lose range of my favorite radio station i plug it in and continue listening to my favorite radio station thru the app . . great deal !
the price is right for a great value .
now i need a car charger for it . * too many buttons and not intuitive .
i 'm going to try the one that blackberry makes , the pictures look like the sides do n 't wrap around nearly as far this one is just too thick and bulky . kudos to the shipper , though well packaged and arrived timely .
i ca n 't wait to try some of newtrent 's other products !
the ear piece is n 't designed to fit into your ear canal but it 's something i can overlook .
can be placed on windshield or dashboard can be rotated in any direction you 'd like .
i plug my phone into my car radio and it works just fine .
on another note , it did n 't have any sticky residue people commented about . the part where all the negative reviewers fail is applying .
the last case i bought had two little plastic things that slid under the case , which broke .
it fades in and out from moderately good sound to really poor sound .
i charge every week or so , but it has never run out of power .
it gives more bars then had before .
it can charge one palm pre at a time , but ca n 't charge up 2 at a time . if you have cell phones , or devices that need 800 1 , 000ma each , this charger ca n 't do it .
i bought this headset to replace my hs820 . i previously used both the motorola hs850 and the hs820 and had the same two problems with each . insecure attachment to my ear . insuffcient volumewhenever i moved , the motorola headsets wiggled and made me feel as if they were about to fall off .
i have n 't owned another ad2p headset , but these things can go over 10 hours on decent volume without stopping . came with a carrying bag .
i serves the purpose but can be difficult to press into the charging slot of your car .
the glass works really well and the digitizer that comes with it works just like the oem . i was able to replace the screen in a cafe in a little over 1 hour ( it took a while to separate the old glass ) . the quality is amazing .
sturdy and the real has not failed .
my battery was exactly as advertised , a new motorola battery , received in just a few days by usps .
i never suspected the case until i removed the case and swapped out a thinner leather case while on a trip .
like most of us out there , i have dozens of devices that use a mini usb cable , so my basket of excess cables is over run with these and nothing else .
as far as packaging , mine were in english and chinese .
i get duplicates by the tons and , worse , deleted contacts .
it would also have been nice if there were some rubber or other non slip feet on the stand . this stand does not fit the original iphone or the iphone 4 so do n 't even bother .
the simple design without any loose additional add ons is a major plus .
however , i personally prefer a soft , rubbery cover for my iphone because i 'm prone to drop it quite often .
bought a couple of this for my wife 's ipad cause it wont charge on the regular usb port in my car .
case is not very bulky at all .
this is a very good quality product .
no other service has provided any better phone , signal , or features for a lower or even a competitive price . con 'sin order for service to remain good you have to periodically reset the phone .
it makes for a very clean look , but offers no protection to the screen in case of a drop .
i especially enjoyed it with my cheerios along with some cut up bananas that you could throw in the bowl .
this charger pumps out the power , more than enough to keep my phone fully charged no matter how many things i 'm doing at the time .
this cord works fine . . . perfect fit . . . the only down fall of this cord is . . . . its a little shorter than my original cord and its a little challenging sometimes to plug it up for use .
the jawbone is phenomenal but its ear piece is crap .
i have a friend who is partially hearing impaired and he can hear me the best when i 'm using the headset even better than through the mic on my phone .
the 500 had great sound on both ends and was more than loud enough .
i heard about these on twit . tv macbreak weekly .
this was definitely easy to install .
i purchased two of these chargers to be used bedside due to their long length .
the design was also very good , very technologically savy design .
i ordered this as a christmas gift for my brother in law it arrived on time , but in a clear plastic bag .
its made a little wider than the apple one .
it would only charge my ipad while it was sleeping .
for a product that use regular batteries , the battery door is the most difficult to open .
simple math tells you that they will need 4 or 5 times as much time to charge your battery .
it seems like it is the luck of the draw with these type of replacement parts , but mine worked out this time .
the sound quality is slightly muffled .
the volume problem was in part related to this .
i use it with a motorola razr v3 . my last bluetooth headset was a jabra , and it broke after just a few months the power button quit working , so it was always on until the battery drained . i love the hs850 since it has no power button !
my wife has the original razr which uses the slightly larger mini usb .
it is small but it fits my samsung galaxy s3 perfect .
this stylus pen is not going to work out well for use on my itouch .
this thing allows me to get phone and internet service where others get none .
it was easier to hold my phone now , less likely to slip . and the back looks good according to my taste .
it will protect your phone from scratches .
based on the price and favorable reviews i chose these .
if you are expecting the quality of a $ 500 sennheiseer , you have to be dreaming .
i got this product because i wanted an easy and safe way to talk on my cell phone in the car .
it was okay , a bit slow with actions here and there .
after about a year and a half my g1 battery was down to 15 minutes talk time from about 2 hours when originally received .
it 's worth the very expensive price .
compared to the original sidekick , sk ii is thinner but quite a bit longer .
the headset , while it looks absurd , is extremely comfortable , and the microphone is of significa n 'tly higher quality than any others .
anywho , my choices boiled down to getting the e105 or this v300 . i chose the v300 b c of the extra gadgets ( mainly the camera and speakerphone ) even thought the rep said samsung users have a hard time getting used to the motorola os . she was wrong !
the company in general does things right , they actually test their products on iphone screens and bodies .
since i bought it for the sound quality ( both on my end and the listener ) i gave it four stars , but the lack of a secure fit and discomfort it causes are significa n 't distractions . the included manual is significa n 'tly lacking in information .
the case would not snap back together after that .
this charger is not the most reliable in terms of performance .
i bought two additional cables for my samsung fascinate . . . wish i had bought a couple more . ( the fascinate sucks down battery juice like there is no tomorrow ) for the price that i paid for these cables , they are absolutely worth their weight in gold .
i have tried contacting the seller multiple times and they have not responded .
this is an excellent product which enables you to have your blackberry on your desk or bedside table , charging up with the clock face visible .
hay it looks cool and works great and the price is way better then our local stores .
it does prove difficult to keep it against my cheek .
there various ways to prevent this from happening ( search google ) , but otterbox could have used a different material to prevent this happening in the first place . good case for protection against major drops hits .
this is the only one that works with my computer and charges not only uses as a data cable .
how long does it take to put it in an envelope and mail it ?
i 'm looking for better sound quality though , so i 'll be exchanging these two for something else ( probably plantronics voyager 510 520 ) .
all this for a very low price .
however it did interfere with my cellular signal and brought my bars down from 3 to 1 and sometimes none .
it worked for a week or two , then the suction cup quit sticking .
it is pretty nice to listen to my mp3 's from my blackberry or even pandora radio .
very clear pictures and nice graphics . i give it a 10 out of 10 .
first when i got charger , i do n 't know how it works with blue tooth .
it worked , but there was a problem when i connected it the speakers sound switched from left to right .
it charges quickly and holds its charge for several days of use .
i love the otterbox and feel that it does a great job protecting my phone .
it 's a great size for putting in my computer bag , and so handy when traveling not having to worry about a dead iphone battery .
the overall design is good , but the manufacturing appears to be lacking .
works great with my new samsung galaxy 2 sprint phone .
i love this product , i received it in the mail last week , loaded it and moved pictures , made my own ring tones .
but i still was not that impressed with it until i got a couple packages of cheap capacitive styluses that i would not fear losing and could keep one in each jacket .
at this price , a ruined speaker is not going to break the bank .
when you try to push the micro usb charger or sync plug into the phone , it is a very tight fit and really ca n 't be done ( by me ) in full dark .
i get a clear signal 8 to 10 feet away from my phone .
at first , it seemed great i hate holding the cell phone , and i could use my old cordless phones , and answer them easily .
a car charger is just one of those things you need .
second , some newer models had really bad reviews ( amazon reviews really are handy ) . yes , some of the newer devices were faster , at 4g , but why would that matter if the device did n 't work all the time , when you needed it ?
the material is very thin and lightweight which adds far less bulk compared to some other cases .
i would not trust this seller again .
however , for people with glasses , it can be difficult to take it off and back on , and it can hurt your ears .
i would definitely buy these screen protectors again .
i highly recommend this replacement battery
the functionality and directions are easy to use , and as expected .
from my experience , a proper set improves an extra bar or two , maximum . here are some tips to use this booster effectively 1 . you have to be within 2 feet of the transmitter for your phone to realize any improvement . 2 . make sure the antenna is far enough away from the base if they 're too close , it creates a feedback loop and the booster wo n 't work properly .
the unit is water resistant and very tough .
since it 's thin paper i suspect it will have a short life , just treat them carefully .
dimensions , appearance and visible quality are indistinguishable .
the s5 is a fantastic phone .
i simply slide the note 2 into my front pocket .
they are supposed to be clear but they arrived yellowed in the package .
just remember , you get what you pay for .
i was plesantly surprised to find 6 screen protectors instead of 5 ! for the price you cannot beat this .
only dropped phone once since installing .
it keeps disconnecting from the phone and the phone is only 2 feet away .
problem solved , but why not engineer some adjustibility in during design ? i 'd still buy it , no problem there , but i ca n 't give it five stars because the lack of built in adjustibility is , to me , a definite oversight .
the satechi pack is a small battery that allows me to recharge my iphone on the fly up to two times before it needs recharging , and it 's relatively small footprint means i can carry it anywhere i go .
it did n 't make the phone that much bigger either . the case also had a nice bumper on it so if you dropped the phone it will take some of the impact .
the prime is fine for me to hear , but the microphone is terrible .
it does what it 's supposed to , and gave me the confidence to tell the power company they lied on my bill .
i like this as it has the 2 usb ports and 2 power outlets .
in the final analysis , for light duty , you ca n 't go wrong on the price .
i love this system but i am on my third belt clip .
very well made , good materials and workmanship . very soft and supple , looks very elegant and regal . i would recomend this item to anyone including my family and friends .
this charger really recharges our phones while in the car at a very fast rate ; both when the phone is on off .
the compact folding design , the seamless integration with my motorola v551 phone all make it superior to the bt250 . the jabra wins only on comfort and richnes of tone . in the interest of honesty i must add that i worked for motorola computers systems in the mid 80 's .
so you need to transfer data ?
the company also sent me 2 screen protectors for free they are perfect as well .
it rings about 1 second after the phone rings also .
as an engineer , it seems obvious that this product could not function as simply as marketed .
it stays in place and best yet , the phone or device does n 't stick to it whenever you try to pick it up .
i am satisfied with how fast it charges and how much power it holds .
this is my first bluetooth headset so i do n 't have anything to compare it to , but so far it seems to be pretty good .
this is where the positives stop .
i like motorola , they are easy to use , have good ring volume , different tone are very nice and the settings are pretty easy to make .
after the first night of use i noticed that the usb cable did n 't really fit in the slot .
it does everything you have read ! ! it 's quiet in the wind , it 's battery lasts for days for me , it 's easy to use , easy to pair and the sound quality is awesome ! ! nobody could ever tell i was using a headset .
hello all , i got the charging pod a few months ago when the usb port on my curve died .
i do n 't see much use for the little inside pocket and i would be worried that anything stored in there might be a problem for the screen on the phone . still 5 stars , i really like this productt especially the price for quality received .
i do n 't have a tape measure with me , but placed side by side with the oem cable , it 's about 18 inches shorter .
they are everything we ever wanted in a phone voice calls and limited texting with awesome durability and battery life . note that we did not buy these phones from amazon we found them cheaper elsewhere ( $ 15 each plus shipping ) , so we did not have any of the issues many have reported in the 1 star reviews .
so it is a workable backup .
very helpful if you use the a gps on your phone ( which eats battery life pretty quickly ) .
plus , it recently started glitching up ( constantly stops charging and i have to wiggle the wire a bit to get it working again ) .
i bought this because of the name . . . . . . samsung but it does n 't he characteristics of a real samsung product .
you have to push the ear pieces together with your hands all the time if you want it sound clearer .
my biggest problem is that this rubber material picks up all the lint from my cotton shirts and gets fuzzy white and have to constantly clean it .
even the call button is difficult to press . i like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear .
the cord is longer than most chargers which is nice .
i can now find satellite within 10 seconds with the pad slided up .
it is very precise where your finger might be to fat to type properly .
nothing to complain about when the cable works like a charm .
they are n 't meant to last through rigorous exercise routines .
i got this for my s3 . little did i know that the s voice works through the device .
it 's a hit and miss really .
i would put the distance to where i can talk clearly at about 15 feet . . .
plus what 's great is it 's bluetooth feature .
this cases is a really nice cases to start off with i got this cases waiting for some cooler ones to come out this case came on time and it protects your ipad nicely it 's really thin which i wanted really happy with this perches
so it is n 't very practical to use the device and charge it at the same time .
i did read the other reviews and got the mini gels in the mail today , much better now .
seems like there are risks to buying data cables no matter where you go . . . unless you pay full price and buy from the manufacturer directly . i 'm happy with these cables though .
never hurts to have an additional charger . . . does it ?
the problem with it is that when the phone rings and you go to pick it up , it takes a while to attach to your ear .
i use this to provide extra power for my gopro with skeleton housing .
so far no problems , it is good quality product and good price .
i found third party sync charge cords for less then one dollar and ordered a bunch of them .
even when i am close to the phone however , there can be some interferance ( crackling ) and distortion .
it does n 't matter if socket is at the center or off center , it is very easy to adjust .
it 's easy to pop off the cover and add a piece of tape so that the cover can again contact the button when depressed .
this appeared to be an original lg battery and is still working after several years without any problems .
the phone is otherwise identical to its silver twin . . .
the seller is probably trying to get rid of inventory at a loss . the size is off ; it does n 't cover the glass entirely it 's too narrow and too long .
make it 6 stars . it 's so well designed it surprised me at how well it functions too .
by the way i tried this headset with multiple smartphone ( treo , blackberry , htc , etc .
i 've had this headset for less than a year and it 's already busted .
the cradle comes apart creating two pieces so it fits easily in my luggage .
worked well for my mobile and fixed station devices , but started to drop when my wifes mobile was added .
this battery arrived in similar fashion .
for it 's price it is a good item .
the voice dialing is also very useful , precise and responsive .
it did n 't even work on any of our ipads .
does it 's job , but is bad quality .
they need to standardize thing nokia does as well as blackberry .
ca n 't go wrong for less than a buck including postage .
i generally take good care of my headsets and electronic equipment , so if the headset seemed fragile to me , it probably will for most .
as far as comfort is concerned , i have large ears so the way it came out of the box works fine for me .
i doesnt short out my phone battery and it does what it is supposed to do .
the vocal quality is good enough .
i 'm going to have to read how to adjust the cost kwhr , but other than that , it 's good .
good range , comfortable , easy to use . on the flip side , i did not care for the ear loops at all .
you have to do it manually . ) i love the on off button .
the phone now works like new !
i can answer my cell phone on any one of them , wherever they are in the house , and the clarity and quality of the call is equal to answering my cell phone .
sound quality is more than loud enough and quality is excellent .
it was easy to pair and the sound is good .
these things are light and comfortable to wear , priced very , very nice ( $ 34 ) . minus one star because the sound quality of the unit is somewhat lacking . im very please overall with this model . . but buy beware , stay away from motorola 's s9 , s9hd , and the new s10hd models , they neither work like they are supposed to and they are not moisture proof ( despite they are advertised as being so ) .
plus , for the price level , it works much better than anything i ever had from motorola .
up till last year , i was still fully into one of those old school sony cd walkmans for my music .
fantastic grip , button access is excellent , and i 'm way more confident taking the phone to the store and the gym with this case on .
glad to have this item and the same one of an alternate color .
despite the false description , i 'm not completely disappointed with this purchase .
probably big enough for galaxy note .
no complaints about battery life for a device of this type .
i only text and do email no music or surfing and the battery just does not last .
the product was very cheaply made .
at first i thought the flap magnet could be too light to stay closed but have had no incidents .
it is n 't durable enough to protect the phone , in the event of dropping it on a concrete sidewalk .
otherwise , as the car hits bumps , it might charge for a minute and then not charge for a minute .
granted , its a pretty old design now ( i bought it in 2006 ) and i imagine there are much better headsets out there . there is way too much static for such a simple , digital device .
callers have told me it is hard to hear unless i am very close to the mic .
it does n 't look very sturdy but it actually gives the righ amount of protection .
it 's much more expensive but worth it over this second rate case .
works perfect with my nokia c3 , i finally update the firmware of my cell phone .
it may work for a few minutes at a time , but will always end up frustrating you by switching every few minutes . if you can turn off the auto reverse ( or do n 't have it ) , it 's a very solid product that sounded great . for those like me who need a fm transmitter instead of the tape version , i 'd suggest the soundkase fm transmitter for ipod mp3s .
however there is a program you can download called conversations that will thread your messages , however its still not up to par on that regard .
these are not good for long term .
i bought this so i would n 't have to unplug my radar detector when i need to charge my cell .
the razr has pretty good talk time , but i 'm not certain whether or not one can really get the 7 hours claimed by motorola .
it 's pretty useless for charging just one phone , since getting the charging case on it is n 't any easier than simply plugging the phone into a computer or wall .
it seems like a hastily made case to try to cash in on the iphone 5 rush but they could n 't even get it here on time with plenty of pre order time .
this is such a simple and yet useful idea !
the 34 ; boom 34 ; would keep pulling the ear but out of my ear and i could n 't keep anything in place .
it came quickly and works like a charm .
in the dead spot between two songs you can hear the hissing .
but , this charger is only rated 950mah and does work so it stays in my wife 's car . i did receive what appears to be a genuine motorola product , otherwise i would give it 3 stars .
the top sheet that needs to be pulled off once applied is nice so that you can run your scrapper card ( you do have one of those , right .
with this product have to remove the case to use the cable because the connector is much wider than the normal apple connector
it 's like what you see when you mix water and gasoline .
what can i say really , its a usb cable .
even though my nokida model , 6126 , was listed as working when this arrived i thought oh man they shipped the wrong thing .
i bought the case for my new pre assuming that i would get the same high quality case i have received before .
the range is great , about 30 feet unobstructed , less if there is a sheetrock wall .
i bought these for my boyfriend who is a truck driver and required by law to have a wireless device while driving .
also , i find the earpiece hurts my ear if i wear it much more than a half hour .
the length is a little shorter than other cables available , but it fits perfectly into my phone and not having to lug extra cables around to my various usb chargers is a big plus .
i have to attempt 2 or 3 times to get it in voice command mode .
i 've purchased a no name pair of bluetooth headphones before , and while i found the sound was alright , they were generally uncomfortable and just barely worked .
it covers exactly only the part that lifghts up , the screen monitor ; it does n 't cover from the top top piece where it says blackberry . you really need to know how to place the protectors on or you have a lot of bubbles . 3 for the price of 0 . 75 $ is not much to complan about .
it did n 't fit my ear very well , but i adjusted it until it was reasonably secure .
the directional arms are nice cause it allows u to move it easily !
i got this sim card as a free promo item with the purchase of a cell phone , the rates for this service are really nuts , i probably wo n 't use it .
ordered two and they both work great .
my phone has an excellent hands free speaker built in , but a hands free device is essential when you want privacy and do n 't want to hold your phone up to your ear for an hour .
i even purcased the eargels on amazon after breaking the first loop or two , trying to get it to fit better .
for under $ 20 , this blow the over priced jabra 's out of the water .
love the fit , easy to use , just literally snap on .
but with any newer digital phones , all works correctly .
i planned to follow the suggestions in other reviews to not use the metal clip .
the buds were so close in size the i could barely tell the difference .
plus the numbers and letters which are written on the buttons are very light and i often have to shift the angle of the phone in order just to read the buttons .
that was the most challenging part of my battery replacement .
great interface , but the pen is faulty .
for $ 2 . 47 , i guess it does n 't matter but still , not the item pictured .
they were wrapped so there were no scratches on them .
occasionally i look in the pouch and the laser pointer is on by accident . 2 . the instruction manual is very awkward .
it 's really cool to see the earphone stick together . i 've brought 2 earlier this year and so far i 've loved them . they 're comfortable and fits nicely . the microphone piece is really nice , it 's quite similar to the iphone 's headphone microphone piece .
depending on the shape of your ear you may prefer one or the other of the ear gels . this headset is so comfortable i can wear it on my ear for hours at a time without it bothering me , and it stays snugly against my cheek and does n 't flop around in the slightest .
i will still probably buy another set because over all the $ 40 is cheaper than buy the $ 15 wired earbuds that last about a month .
it is ultra light , sharp looking and meant to be worn for extended periods without discomfort .
i returned it after 1 week . i do not recommend this headset .
inside these work great i can walk far from my phone and the sound is awesome outside i get a lot of wind interference . .
using it for phone calls is average , but very acceptable .
i am sure the video was correct , but it did not help .
i do n 't think it takes 2 bucks to ship something about 2 oz .
they were shipped super fast and packaged great as well .
if not , you will not be able to recharge the pack to full charge , and it will overheat the usb cord quickly .
the whole thing spins and squeezes your wrist . . . and it hurts .
i read many reviews prior to puchasing the headset .
this means i cannot operate it from my cell phone 's charger , which is what i anticipated when i bought the unit .
if you bought it from a physical store , it 'd be $ 20 , or $ 30 from your cell phone service provider .
exactly as pictured , no problems with it .
this bluetooth is very good , sound loud and clear , the ear plug hurt s a little . but other than that , works very well . you can t find anything better for the price .
if u have small ears keep looking .
they would be great for travel as one unit does both functions .
i got what i paid for . on the sound quality , average . . .
this is less than 2 feet .
stop working after 2 weeks time . .
check their website , as many of the phone models supported are coming soon . fortunately , one of the family members did own a nokia , so it was n 't a total loss . . . or was it ? ? ? the clip that you have to put on the phone completely nullifies the convenience of wireless charging .
this was actually a very pleasant surprise , as i think it looks even more expensive with this touch .
other than the high initial cost ( i got it before they put in a promotion , duh ) , i really love this compact and stylish phone .
the motorola bluetooth model h710 is an ideal piece of equipment .
it protected the screen perfectly , as it should , but it got scratched pretty easily .
i love this charger for my sony z550a .
good product and good to work with !
it 's actually smaller in many respective than many phones although much thicker . size aside , this product does exactly what it says it does and does it well .
i ca n 't comment on the quality in regards to a cell phone , but for the ps3 it 's working like a champ . highly recommended for people who are tired of listening to idiots screaming over their tv while someone else is playing the ps3 .
the scala picks up all outgoing calls automatically after you dial the on your cell phone .
so far the replacement lithium ion batteries ( 2 in 2 cell phones ) are doing ok , and may be even showing a slightly increased time between charges .
plugged it in , so it works .
i prefer the short , thicker , straight cables , but after a few months , something happens with the wires inside , and sound starts to come out of one speaker only .
never got a chance to try it because you need all the bluetooth things on your audio devices and tv .
the sound is quite flat with a slight tinnyness to it , and has very little bass .
the led i use to play with my cats they give it a 5 5 . the cons the charging cable to charge it .
at this price you could even pitch it and start over as the main thing is to keep from permanently scratching the cell phone display .
i just received the holder and at first look it 's of very nice quality and holds iphone snugly and you cannot beat the price .
quality is suspect but its well worth the cost especially since apple charges so much for theirs .
its a cable and it does its job .
the item is way too large for the verizon iphone 4 . it does not fit snug enough and you could almost fit another phone in this case .
i origionaly had the 510 , that is a great headset .
it works perfect and charges fast and works on all my android phones , galaxy sii galaxy nexus
they go on easily and last for many months .
why ? because it 's nothing but a piece of rubber . it does n 't look normal on the phone .
i really like this set and as the title says it arrived quickly and works well for me .
some apps will not flip the display if you flip the phone over ( trust me i tried that first ) . even though it doesnt lock into place in the holster with the right angle adapter , i am able to rest it in place to use it .
the plastic loop does fall off easily , i just superglued it to the headset and that solved the problem .
i am willing , though , to risk destroying the jx10 in order to have a chance at better outgoing sound .
of course , the ovi share experience to upload all her photos and receive comments from her friends and family , was what made her happy .
i use them with my blackberry storm2 , primarily at the gym and in my home office . pros * pair easily and reliably with my device . * good sound quality .
similarly if you try and turn the thing off or on , you hold down the button and you 'll find your thumb covers up the little red green light that tells you whether its on or not .
i highly recommend the new trent nt70t to anyone considering a portable charger for their iphone or other mobile devices .
it works great down there and provides me with 5 bars underground on a nokia phone ! i highly recommend if you do n 't mind the roof mounting of the antenna . ( you could probably purchase an extension somewhere to take it all the way to the trunk . )
best of all it was under fifty bucks at amazon !
has anyone had it stop charging when full ?
this team will not buy it for my nephew , is no international version , is at t , normal rest .
the charger has all these lights that stay on unless i unplug the entire unit .
at the deep discount for which amazon sell this earpiece , i bought two ( one for me and one for my wife ) . the sound is clear ( i left a test message on my home answering machine ) , the unit is lightweight , unobtrusive , paired flawlessly with our samsung phones , and is easy to insert and remove . while i love technology , my wife just wants something to be simple and work without any hassles .
i bought this charger for our lg venice smart phone for boost .
when i say all day long , i mean it .
my cellular service quality in my location is 34 ; ok 34 ; but not crystal clear , continuously solid , perfect .
i still would recommend the samsung oem case over them all .
sprint wanted $ 40 . samsung wanted $ 20 . through amazon i got it for $ 4 . 35 oem samsung , too not some cheap knockoff ! ca n 't beat that !
the behind the ear thing just broke . . . i baby my stuff and treat it very lightly , and this piece of junk just fell apart ! ! ! very dissapointed ! ! ! i should have made my additions to this review long ago , but logitech cam through for me on this headset in a huge way !
this is the third one of these car speakers i have purchased mainly for gifts .
the battery reached it 's full charge within eight hours and has worked perfectly since .
my one concern , which was not addressed in the ad for this item , was that it might supply power but not transfer data .
after nearly a year , all the plugs are working fine .
do i really need to type more words amazon ? !
it 's a solid little item , and even with 4 years of abuse , it still works perfectly .
do n 't expect to work out with this pair .
since i moved out of that building i 've ended up repurposing the antenna to the wifi router using some tape since the antenna was lost and eventually plan to throw the repeater into my car for long trips so i can insure myself a little more coverage than what verizon in road trips .
one lasted a single charge , the second did n 't work at all .
for my taste in sound , they are great .
while the sound quality is awesome , the limitation of not using these outside is just plain dumb .
after the first complete charge , it died after one phone call .
the only problem is that the mic is so far away from my mouth ( as a result of such a compact product ) , that in order to have good voice transmission , i must hold my hand up and cup it from the corner of my mouth to the earpiece so my voice can be heard clearly .
one day i accidentally , dropped one of the adapters into my soda , and after that , it works when it wants to , now i use the other one , and that works a lot better then the other adapter i dropped in my soda , but it still has its days where you can hear distortion .
nothing happened held down the power button and they just kept blinking .
but , interestingly enough , i have switched to a different provide' and got blackberry bold which perfectly recognizes the hands free so , i am happy .
my original g1 battery was definitely bad since the charge lasted only a couple hours .
for under $ 15 , it makes perfect sense to just buy one . this battery fits the 8700x and 83x0 ( curve ) series blackberry devices .
but it had a fuse and was proper power usage .
this little guy is much beefier than you would expect but not to bulky .
with that being said , the card is perfect for what it is .
a bit hard to see in the brightest sunlight , but other than that , no problems . camera is of average quality at best .
and , really , that 's the important thing , eh ? i highly recommend this to anybody requiring an inexpensive yet useful car charger for their phone .
it has a belt clip feature as well , which is nice .
are you there ? i wo n 't buy another motorola headset , that 's for sure . i gave it a 3 because i like the flip on off how it fits in my pocket because of that and that it does work .
people could actually hear me while driving .
i gave it to my wife to charge her regular phone which works just fine .
the twisted cable is a nice feature since it can be extended and will not dangle wildly in your car when it is in motion .
these are exactly like the cord that comes with an iphone .
i wo n 't have landline or dsl service for over a month , and i work in it and am a graduate student so internet is a must . i bought this unit and chose to do a soft install using the window mount .
first unit was defective and the customer service representative sent me a replacement immediately , which was perfect .
i found it tiring after a while to grip because of its narrow width .
after all these years , it 's never been a bother . . .
i do n 't see that as a big issue . it appears to be well made , it is sleek and neat looking , so very easy to take the ipod out and put it back in again .
it filters out the wind and some background noises so your party on the receiving end can hear you as clear as you hear them .
amazon said it is past return for full refund . otherwise i am very happy with amazon .
it charges my phone great and its nice and firm .
i got tired of accidentally keeping my bluetooth earpiece in my jean pockets and sending them through the wash , so i bought this and it worked great until i bought a car that had bluetooth built in .
the price is 1 10 of the cost at any local retailer .
i have not had any complaints on the other end either . highly recommend this product for anyone needing versatility and walking around from the base unit .
my only issue is a little slow turning on , also would like to be able to adjust how long they stay on when not in use .
says the quality is great , especially since his hearing is slowly going .
i 'm afraid to use the device for fear of starting a fire or leaking battery acid everywhere . . .
this works great and does exactly what it should says .
i have this headset connected to my macbook pro and iphone .
remember to remove the receiver case after charging as it is not recommended for daily use .
bottom line is i cannot trust it for important calls . * the blue blinking light is very annoying at night and to my best knowledge cannot be disabled * need to remember to turn the device on when you get into the car .
i will say , though , that the ear piece is a tad tight .
if you prefer using an oem charger in the car then this is it .
i use it on my motorola phone and it works just fine . i appreciate the little loop adapter they included because i do n 't have to go around looking in my bag for it since it 's attached to the mini usb .
also the charging case that it comes with quite convenient .
also , the battery life is nano seconds .
like the backpack it matches and works great when i 'm on my bike !
charges much faster than the other chargers i 've ordered over the years .
this thing is just a placebo .
read reviews and considered other headsets costing $ 50 and $ 100 . based on reviews and value , got this one .
i contacted them through the supplier profile and within 2 hours i had confirmation that my 3rd was being shipped out .
it takes virtually all cell signals , for every carrier and using an external antenna ( that can be mounted on a window even ) , amplifies it , and rebroadcasts it in one room . if you have need for multiple cell types to be amplified , this is the choice for you .
i recently hear the jbl brand they sell at the verizon store and it sounded way better .
it 's small , very lightweight , and comfortable .
two cons for me was it is hard to press the power button it does n 't have a good grip .
fast shipper as i received this item within a few days after ordering .
one thing i do n 't like is how far out of reach things on the windshield are , but that would be true for any windshield mount .
but of course i have to charge it up first .
i guess it does n 't really matter once the case is snaped on to the phone but it still bugs me to see the poor quality . . . if you must buy this style of case , you might want to consider one called kroo shell , i 'm not sure if they make it for the 1st gen iphone though .
when driving with the shutters down . * the range is not 33 feet as advertised i hear static when i 'm around 15 feet away from my cellphone . i recommend this product as it is easy to use , inexpensive , light weight and has good battery life .
not a complaint about the product , just the confusion about the size terminology .
this is an absolute steal when it comes to cases .
it 's a great place to start if you 're looking for your first bluetooth .
the other thing is that it is bulky , and i prefer something a little more pettite . it does have good battery life and noise cancellation .
i do n 't have this phone charger anymore but it worked great .
i needed this because the meenova reader would not fit with an otterbox case installed . my second reason it takes the plug and angles the power cord down when i use my phone as a gps .
we purchased this in an attempt to weed out which appliances are causing our electric bill to rise .
most of the galaxy s phones need the need the smaller housing for the micro usb connector ( which this one has ) . works great !
the grip , is not a severe issue , but the level of grip is just less than my other case by greatshield .
a television gets equal billing with what i 'm saying .
the base sticks to my desk table and is easy to move from one place to another .
purchased this battery for my palm pre .
mine had a very small cut in the covering which became bigger over time .
if you like heavy deep base you are really in for a let down .
the cord worked for a few days but soon it started losing connection with my phone .
plugged it in to my touchstone at work and now i have a nice little charging dock just what i wanted . so everything appears to be palm branded exactly like my original charger but i noticed that the ac adapter is somewhat smaller than the one that came with the sprint palm pre ( bought on day 1 ) . perhaps palm was able to shrink the size ?
these are great and you get three in the package , however they did not send card to slide over screen protector to help get the bubbles out
i saw another review where the reviewer indicated the belt clip had pulled away from the body of the case but that has not been my husband 's experience . in my experience it can be difficult to buy a case online if you use a case on the phone as well .
this particular product is pretty good , it pairs up well with my razr after saying yes to no less than three questions and works very well .
that round m button was not referenced in any diagram or mentioned in the book so i decided it was for decoration .
a small design change would make this a great product !
got this for my wife and she like the feel of the case .
then the unpairing problem will likely disappear .
it does exactly what it should , and feels like a quality product .
i bought this due to the law changing to hands free in my state .
worth the price to have an extra cable when traveling .
do n 't expect to be able to use your phone to your ear unless you plan on balancing the booster unit on your shoulder .
so i can use the cupholder .
overall , this cord is an amazing deal for another ipod cord to locate conveniently in the house or anywhere else you may use it .
this translates to a maximum of about 2 calls per charge .
it is easy to use and set up but quickly went out of style .
the imp52d is much lighter and smaller which is great for extra portability .
you ca n 't go wrong this this headset at all .
this is by far the best charger i have owned .
this headset proved to be a very pleasant surprised after tryinga bunch of others .
i would prefer just a battery , and the only reason for me is easy sometimes i hold the button down too long and the light comes on .
after using an equally expensive battery from anther company , i did some research and came across this battery from new trent .
i love that i am now able to use my personal headphones to listen to music on my phone .
it worked absolutely fine , although the pantech suite was about as bad as any i have used so far .
after 4 months of moderate use , it stopped working .
when the charger was working , it worked well and charges were fast .
only downside is slightly hardto manipulate buttons .
i still use them all the time for calls on optimus v but not quite as good as the original headset that came with the phone .
it seems to work just fine in my friend 's 2013 maxima so i gave it to her )
takes a bit to figure out how to put it in your ear .
other problem i had was that when i use it while driving , people say that it sounds like i 'm driving with the windows down when i 'm actually not .
this charger was a excellent quality and a excellent price you ca n 't beat .
i will prolly get no where or if they do accept a return the s h charges will be stupid not worth replacement !
i am what some would consider heavy handed , and thus far i have been turly amazed by the durability of this case .
it can easily charge my iphone 4 's and 5 's in the family .
sound quality and features are excellent and worked as advertised .
but , because of this seemingly false advertising , i cannot recommend .
i bought another brand but only works for my phone without the hard plastic sleeve .
i think its time to bite the bullet and get a jawbone .
we went from either no service or 1 bar of service to 2 to 3 bars .
it comes in an attractive charging case , and includes different earpieces so you can find the one that fits best for you .
not so good for marathons if you sweat a lot .
it did take a little getting used to the voice that tells you there is a phone call , and not some campy music .
i originally purchased this so i could connect my ipad or ipod to the tv and watch netflix on the big screen .
basically , if you are not wearing it , it 's kind of hard to find a good place to put it . what has turned out to be more annoying for me is the type of rubber in the eargels .
crap do not buy will not work with any of the phones i have paid under four dollars .
this is another pain in the rear no pun intended ! . i will say it 's really cool to be out for a run when the phone rings and the auto answer is turned on ; the unit picks up and i can talk without having to slow down .
but very soon into my hearing experience , i started getting pauses between listening to my itouch .
in any event , having the spares definitely gets me through .
occasionally does not work properly when charging the iphone ; just unplug and replug return to working order .
this seller is selling junk ! ! ! the battery your looking at must be a d grade unit or the rejects because they charge all the way up then discharge in 14 hours and for some reason get very hot .
of course , the bulk is sort of the point , since it gives better protection than other cases , but be aware of the size if you like a smaller style .
it is not as easy to understand on the other end too .
the nice thing about this battery in my case , is that it came fully charged and ready to use .
sound is crsytal clear deep .
having this all you do is toggle the switch and instantly you are charging and still have accesss to using the phone .
i was presently surprised to see that it charged pretty quickly and was at full capacity after 1 . 5 hours .
but if you spend a few minutes doing your research , you 'll find this car charger for your droid incredible .
i got my headset the other day .
these are not the real thing ( apple sells their for $ 25 ) but they work great !
i plug it in and what do you know it works just like the original .
the main thing is how fast it charges my iphone 4s .
this is super convenient and a great idea .
the shipping is prompt , the packaging great , and the description is accurate .
the build quality is excellent , and this cable looks as though it should hold up through use and abuse .
having two ports to charge is also a nice feature i have not had in the past . cons nothing that i can really come up with .
it works well with both my iphone 3gs and ipod nano .
the cord plastic are tough and durable .
if i knew i could make the same basic thing by cutting a piece of cardbard to size , i would have saved the order hassle .
it is very nice product to have it handy and it works perfect with wearing glasses .
this was really a problem with my treo 650 and a little less with my iphone 3gs .
the battery after several complete charges looses i would say about 35 of its ability to hold a charge .
this bluetooth has over 1000 reviews , so there is not much to add but i love this bluetooth .
also , it is always checking to make sure it is still connected to the phone , so it beeps every 5 to 10 seconds .
add to that the blinking blue light certainly gets your attention but it ends up being very annoying .
i like the stylus , it feels like it 's built well , not super light and not super heavy .
i had a small issue that was my own fault and this company was outstanding with customer service .
when i had to get a new phone i needed a different car charger .
no defects of any kind and it worked perfectly .
the screen protectors work really well and they can be kinda hard to put on but take your time .
i want you to look around your area right now do you see a cell phone tower ?
you can see it through the cabin of the vehicle .
when 's the new treo coming out again . . . ?
that way , you do n 't have to use one of those gawd awful ear hook thingies that may have come with your bluetouch device .
it 's increasingly trickier to determine if something sold on amazon or elsewhere is genuine product or not . oem is n 't sufficient anymore and most of the non brand name stuff is junk .
not only is it expensive but even spock could not get it to stay in his ear .
i purchased this four months ago to use with my samsung galaxy s3 . my previous charger was not providing enough electricity and the battery would still go down when using the gps .
i would definitely recommend this case .
this phone like my tilt has great stats on paper , but the implementation is what really matters and that is where microsoft has let the product down . just to be clear , i am not a sony or msft basher .
i received the cable promptly and was ready to test the cable on my new ipod touch 4g .
but since mine 's in a leather case from which i slide it when using it , i do n 't have to peel off silicone or snap off a hard cover .
the laser and light also come in handy when something may arise .
the design is nice , it seems well made and does n 't feel like flimsy plastic .
until i came accross this unit . to simplify it works perfectly !
if your a roughian on cell accessories like me , this case is a must !
i personally prefer there to be a top cover , but this works great for her needs .
if i need to buy more chargers for my palm pre , i will buy it from this business .
you need to have the one supplied with the bb or else the charge pod is useless .
i have had mine since 2006 and am getting another only because my son broke the portion that goes over your ear .
i keep the phone in the breast pocket of my jacket , and i keep loosing signal .
there are n 't flimsy parts that can break . the best thing is that the ear peace is fairly inconspicuous as it sits over your ear .
this case is far from what i expected .
fold it back in , and it turns off .
this equates to a cooler charge temperature and likely longer battery life .
callers have no problems hearing me . . .
on the other hand , you can charge this on the go or anywhere you can charge a cell phone with a mini adapter .
i got this for my husband because he was needing a case for his phone .
i was very dissapointed with its audio performance .
i like . just a note , mot once again has a different charger for this piece , it is not a usb connecter , but a pin connector , oh and fyi , to plug it in , it has to be upside down , read the instructions first or you may be scratching you head trying to plug in the charger .
great for carrying your headsets or anything else small you may want to carry .
but in barely 2 weeks . . . . the clip has already torn from the case , and i nearly lost my iphone 4s and mophie air case , it was barely hanging by a few threads .
we have tried everything from the moto 850 to the other plantronics and after seeing this in a gold box deal thought what the heck .
does n 't display any kind of buggy behavior ( my biggest critique of my jawbone headsets ) cons1 . ) mediocre range2 . ) i get lots of static when i move around with the phone ( tried it on a palm pre and a samsung galaxy s ii ) , both with the phone stationary and with it in my pocket3 . ) my callers complain of static and background noise4 . ) proprietary ( i . e .
it 's not there for show . cons i did not realize that there is no belt clip .
on a call , you can barely hear the caller , and the caller can barely hear you .
i am very happy i went with shield .
within the first few weeks , my iphone popped out of my holder at least 4 times and caused it to drop onto concrete floor .
it looks pretty good and it works with my iphone ( 3gs ) and my phone ( htc evo v 3d ) . it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price
it would only fit either my cell phone or my camera , not both ( plus some cash , credit cards , keys , coins , etc ) . my cell phone is small ( smaller than iphone ) , and normal size point and shoot camera .
i tryed to unlock it with other sim cards but it would not unlock .
so i was surprised when i found out there is no way to get on the internet at all with any data plan but i was only going to use this phone till i ordered my insurance replacement .
i wo n 't rehash the long feature list here .
i must have small ears or something .
you may not need these types of screwdrivers often , but when you do need them , nothing else will do .
the pogo stylus makes it much easier to get it right the first time .
i had to replace my incase cover for my iphone as it had cracked not pleased , but when i searched for a new case , i found this one .
i was sceptical about this product but after 18 months of car chargers and usb battery packs i thought i 'd give it a try .
the cord can be adjusted to travel from the adapter horizontally or vertically , which is great depending on your tape deck . the only negative i found was that after a few weeks of use , it stopped working properly .
its small , discrete and stays in your ear .
i have the power source for the home and the car many tips .
would highly recommend it to anyone looking to charge anything that takes a usb port .
this unit is good , and is a good smartphone pda , but it could do better . the keyboard is awesome . the touch screen is as sensitive as my previous pda ( ipaq 2755 ) . boots fast . has a crisp , bright screen . and whose processor is not intel arm based .
keep on mind these ara open headphones . . .
i have to preface this review by stating that this is approximately my 10th case for the iphone .
ive had other bluetooth headsets and none of them ever had this problem .
there are plenty of wonderful things to say about this headset it is pretty , it holds a charge , and the sound quality is fantastic .
i have purchased several of these and they are simply an excellent way to have an additional power source for the iphone .
plus it 's cheap . i would have taken a star off because it 's not big enough to fit a bb with a case . .
this seems like a really cool product at first , but really it 's just an interesting concept . it 's not cheap and neither are the adapters for different phones .
this is my second headset replacing the motorola one that came with my cell phone .
just to be clear , you need this if you have an unlocked phone and one to have a new phone number . i received this , enter the info in the att gophone website , it asked for the sim card number and the imei number from the cell , then follow some straight forward instructions and use my new site account to add money to the phone with a credit card .
so , i was looking forward to time when the reviews of bluetooth headsets became positive in the press . when i purchased this model , the information i saw was rather positive , especially about the form factor .
i was impressed with how fast it charged my phone .
you flip it back flat into the device , and it is off .
it does not charge a nokia lumia 920 . i ca n 't fault the charger , . . . it 's for a different device .
is a simple charger , nothing special to describe .
i purchased 3 of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews .
she keeps it in the car and keeps the headset in it when it is not in use .
its small enough to fit in my pocket but its powerful enough to charge my tablet .
certainly not the case with this cable .
these things got such bad reviews that i ordered 3 just to be sure i got one good one ( at least they 're cheap ) . i gave them two stars instead of one since , oddly , 2 of 3 of them worked for their intended purpose ( a size adapter for my iphone ) , though none of them work when plugged into my pc .
it pairs up well and has a good amount of range before it unpairs oftentimes much further than the 30ft advertised . it does not offer the noise reduction i expected ( hence the 4 stars ) . otherwise it is great . i have not tried the voice dialing , but everything i have done works well .
used this a handful of times for * light * duty of charging a phone .
if you need somthing for extra batteries or memory chips , you would need a case .
i 've had a couple of these for months now , and they have been very convenient for charging or tethering various android phones to my laptop .
mine probably get slid out of it 's case 40 times a day .
but once it stretched to a good size it is perfect , even with the other case .
this product works great , i used it to open a smart phone in order to change the battery .
i use my mobile phone for many hours a day with the voyager pro and have never gotten one complaint about clarity , volume level or choppiness .
they ended up sounding muffled and even though i had the earpiece volume up at max , i still could not distinctly make out what they were saying .
pros and cons cons 1 . the phone feels fragile and gets smudged easily .
if it lasts as long as my original motorola battery ( 1 . 5 year ) , i 'll be very satisfied .
it is also very easy to take off of your phone . the case is certainly not sold as a heavy duty protective case , and do n 't think for a minute this is a case for you if you 're dropping your phone all the time .
yesterday my unit ran 6 hours standby 1 hour talk before it had to be recharged .
after using my new blackberry 9630 tour for several months and having done the proper three full cycles of discharge recharge for the lithium battery i wanted to have a spare battery backup .
plus , the phone still fits nicely in my pocket or purse .
bad battery is ded when it reached mei again i should call and get one morei recomand do n 't buy blackberry standard battery 9000 bold
i have many electronic devices and this was yet another tip for my igo system .
the cable i received is identical to the cable that came with my phone and it works flawlessly .
if this is the style of case you are looking for , you ca n 't get a better case .
this battery arrived on time , and was a perfect fit for what i needed it for .
weak bass . addendum i found out that if i remove my eye glasses the base improves .
i 've had this charger for over three years and it still works like a charm .
if you have large hands ( like me ) you will find the keyboard difficult to use .
newer phones can require more than the 700 ma that this device can provide .
i thought it was great , i did n 't even use both ports but then after two days of using . . . it did n 't work anymore . seller importer520
setup was extremely fast and easy and i was up and running in under 10 minutes .
mine came in the original packaging with additional ear pieces and was black not blue so i ca n 't comment on the color .
because it is so thin , i imagine it will not absorb as much impact force as with other cases .
the loop is only big enough to put three fingers thru them .
you can see this in the pictures provided .
does what is supposed to do as a headset . . . you can answer and hang up your calls with it , and listen to your player .
why when i type iphone 4 case this comes up ?
after trying the nilke branded unit previously , i have found this one far superior especially in the gym .
it 's amazing the sound quality considering that when you have this thing over your ear , the mouth piece is a lot closer to your ear than it is to your mouth .
the battery life is better than theplantronics voyager 510but since i charge every night , both devices' battery life are more than sufficient .
due to the open design , you will hear what is going on around you these do not reduce ambient noise and if you crank them up , your neighbors will be jamming with you , but at normal volume your conversations or tunes will be yours alone .
i had read a lot of reviews on multiple sites that indicated that a lot of bluetooth headsets did n 't provide a clear signal .
you ca n 't hear my stereo blaring .
sonic and it arrived on time and all cables are working great .
the case is hard to remove , but i do n 't see myself removing it often . it comes with a plastic screen protector .
the blue light is a bit bright at night but nothing to take a star off .
i thought this would be a samsung product but look like a cheap counterfiet .
i chose this product based on reading many reviews of plantronics and motorola headsets primarily on amazon .
it allows the holster to orient either horizontal or vertically .
as another reviewer mentioned , the iphone adapter becomes stressed and breaks over time .
good oem car charger , i originally bought it for my galaxy s2 and later on that week i upgrated to the galaxy s3 and it works prefectly fine , i would recommend this product
this is a nice , inexpensive way to keep your earbud cord under control .
easy and flexible to use in any vehicle .
my whole contact list was automatically downloaded into the blue ant and all i do is dial the number and talk .
i probably charged it 6 7 times over the month i had it . i intend to replace my hs850 with some other type that has an earpiece that fits in my ear , providing some sound isolation from environmental noises , rather than the lay on this ear type . be careful unplugging this unit from its charging plug .
i get about 2 charges before i have to plug it back up to recharge .
not the highest quality ever , but perfectly fine for the price .
i do n 't care overmuch i 'm more concerned with how well the stylus performs , but why would boxwave put something so crappy on an otherwise excellent stylus ?
they are charging me $ 35 ( expected ) plus $ 11 . 53 in taxes , fees and assessments quot ; we ca n 't change quot ; for a couple of days when all i called was customer service . if you buy the phone , i hope nextel has a local area code for you , because if they do n 't you are stuck for $ 46 . 53 and an amazon return .
and , come to think of it , a bigger and more robust storage bag would 've been nice , too .
when i left my high quality earbuds at home recently , i had to stop at a gas station and buy a pair .
i do n 't know how well the kickstand will hold up over time , but works well .
while it is somewhat shorter than my samsung cable , i use it in my car so a shorter cable is actually better .
changed phone from sleek to sporty and covered all the nicks .
they also work well when talking on the phone , people i have talked to say they sound normal ( i have n 't used them outside , so i do n 't know how well the cancel wind noise and such ) .
i seem to forget to charge it at home and instead charge while i am on my way . cons 1 . the itorch itself takes what seems like a long time for itself to charge . 2 . it seems a little thick .
i 'm never going back to my old bluetooth device . partnering it with my phone was a cinch .
then whenever i needed to adjust the cords for a new device or to move a device in the grass i had to open it up huge time suck .
what a stupid thing to use .
not bad . the incredible is a great smart phone .
i have had some of the grass fall out and i would recomend gluing it in place if you just squish your items in the grass as i do . also i charge my iphone , kindle , and headset in this patch of grass and i have had trouble with the kindle just falling out !
considering that it is a cheap cable being bought , i do n 't complain because the chances of looking like the original charger was 50 percent .
picked up this battery charger when amazon had it on sale for around 30 bucks .
i agree with many of the other reviewers on here , so my 2 cents is just a quick overview pros 1 ) great audio i have a blackberry curve and sometimes the audio is a bit soft even on max volume .
works great and hold my iphone 5 in place at all angles .
after time , that battery will decrease in its ability to hold a charge .
i use this camping , in an area where i get no 3g , and one bar on my cell if lucky .
although the leather sometimes feels more vinyl than the real stuff . . . and it 's a bit stinky , not like real leather .
charged it up as soon as i got it and used it three times with in the first week , only one led is off since charge up .
it does n 't hide the beauty of the phone and hardly adds bulk at all . mine is completely void of any logos .
i bought the same after reading the reviews and the product delivered . sturdy build , easy to set up .
my unit is hard of hearing i suppose , never the less it works and does the job i need it to .
pc sees the phone when connected with no problem !
charger is perfect and just what i ordered .
both would not hold a charge .
the true test will be the item 's durability and battery life , which only time will tell .
it comes with a screen protector which goes on easily .
i have to put the mc760 in a window to get a decent signal so i thought putting an antenna on the roof would be better but when i plug it into the mc760 the signal strength goes down !
very handy item for when your stylus is not in and when your earphones are not in .
the jabra would want to be 'reset' before every call , or it would default to the built in mic , but the plantonics just works once it 's turned on .
most features balance and i am rarely let down by the obsolete motorola ilk .
finally . . . after haggling with c s , they said they would send a prepaid dhl envelope to my home . . . all in all . . . this is really a cheesy product and not very good customer service . . .
i love the ability to keep my ear piece safe .
i use these mostly at work for listening to music 5 hours at a time .
it holds the phone stug and tight , so it does n 't come unhooked .
i am very happy with this charger .
the charger cradle is nice and seems very sturdy .
it also comes with a small felt bag which i think is a really nice add on .
protecting the screen is super important and these are great .
very good buy for the price .
of course , there is no one at amazon to call for an explanation .
anyway im super happy no need to worry about purchasing extra usb cables or anything like that and oh yeah they had the holograms meaning they are legit motorola products not the knock offs beware of that !
this sync cable does it 's job and was a good price .
sound quality is top notch too . tip try all the different tips , and try it in both ears .
i 've never had problems with broken or sporadic connection problems . formthe ear piece is comfortable .
they offered some amount of protection , but they seemed to scratch up quite easily whereas the 3gs glass was quite scratch resistant on its own .
do n 't turn aroundyour neck as much as the lg .
the bass quality in them is actually pretty surprising .
this is very well built unit but it would be perfect if it had another slot for another usb where two people could charge at the same time .
my first impression is that whoever designed this product must have liked kinder eggs when they were younger everything involves assembly , and the car charger looks like something out of a bond movie .
clear 4g internet service is great , but i had to move to a different part of the city .
i 'm sure it 's a great cable otherwise .
i 've had it look like it was charging with the lights going but then no actual charge .
they r a good price and it works a win win situation .
the battery charge lasts a long time .
once i opened it up , i noticed there only one microphone inside .
like several other reviewers , i 've had the power button problem .
the samsung car charger has stopped working within a 6 month period .
it does n 't add a lot of weight , width or depth to your phone .
i tried it on my brother 's 2nd gen and still received no charge .
this is not the cable pictured and described , i subtracted one star for accuracy because when ordering through amazon the picture and description are the objective pieces of information available when deciding to make a purchase .
this case is big it does n 't slide easily into pockets but it suits my son 's purposes perfectly .
i use this for my galaxy s3 works perfectly .
however , it smelled like chemicals when it was new , and i had to leave it out in the garage for a few days to let the smell dissipate , and the belt clip could be a little sturdier and use thicker doubled up stitching .
it is samsung brand . . works with my android phones . . galaxy nexus 4 and galaxy s2 and s3 . . . recommend it highly for anyone with a microusb phone
there is no way to get all the bubbles out and my package did not come with a card to help me remove the bubbles .
i purchased this cable for my cell phone .
it was very rare for me to actually take the headphone out of the base which could have caused some connection issues , so i 'm not certain how it lost it 's audio .
i t is not so long it 's cumbersome or so short it wo n 't reach the dash , console , etc .
cord is a bit short though
i put on the bigger size and could n 't believe who comfortable it was .
many alerts will default to vibrate when the holster is detected . highly recommended !
this was my biggest complaint with the dlo case .
we use this item with the 3m pico projector3m pocket projector mpro120 . 33lbs , works awesome for presentation for work but even more importantly when we are sitting under the stars at the pool watching a movie . . . highly recommend this item , works great )
unless i ca n 't find it ( ! ) it would be great to have a battery level indicator on this device .
i did n 't want dirt and stuff to get stuck in that deep grove on the front and it is barely noticable .
the ony draw back to this product is that it is corded .
this charger is great for keeping my power hungry cell phones fully charged whenever i 'm away from home .
this product arrived when promised and in the condition promised .
the phone is also moderately fruity , like when you make or recieve calls , the outer led will start blinking purple , blue , pink etc and it makes you look like a teenage girl , and the menus are all kind of childish .
might be the phone or the bluetooth connection , hard to tell since i 've never used this phone on an actual phone line before . irritating blinking light .
i plan on putting a small piece of electrical tape over 50 75 of the light portion so i can see that it is connected , but not be blinded . it is nice and small , maybe 1 . 5x1 . 5 inches . the next buttons do not change the song on my phone , may just be my phone , but either way , i did n 't expect them too .
the only problem i had with this one that it came without the adhesive band to install it .
i got this to cut down on exposure to microwave transmissions .
however , they are a bit cumbersome .
it pairs to both my work and personal mobile phones at once .
if you can live with high pitched static when answering calls ( yes , this only happens when answering . . .
i had first tried the dzitronic case which was very good , and seemed to be slightly thicker , and felt slightly heavier , but offered great protection .
in addition to this , you can set a custom ring tone profile for when it 's in its holster . the snug fit and sturdy construction protect the phone i gave my old 8300 to my son with a cool looking ( and expensive ) body glove pouch ( big mistake ! ) and within a month the screen was cracked .
it does have a pretty good case that has the integrated charger .
this is my second charger of this type .
the only thing i do n 't like its heavy and sometimes the mice gets caught on the shoulder strap , when looking side to side .
i use the excess space to stow my usb phone cable along with it .
even with the small size , this pack still charges my iphone 5 well over two times that 's the main purpose , so you ca n 't complain .
i worry about transporting it inside my purse .
i have to buy more cords to charge .
it works but is n 't great quality .
i purchased this to go w motorola portable charger it was a must as the charger on it 's own the connections did n 't fit . fine product , great price , timely delivery .
i only wished it had an output connection .
however , since the slight gap was not a big deal , i proceeded to use it as my primary case .
works great . what else can i say .
for a $ 6 cable i 'm not going to burn gasoline and time returning it .
it says it 's compatible with all motorola handsets . . .
we received it quickly , plugged it in , docked the phone and it charged wonderfully .
not a good quality at all .
if you just need a headset ( earpiece ) for calls ( no music ) and can live without voice recognition , this can be a good buy . update and why i changed this review from three to one star product was ok while it worked but item 's internal battery stopped holding a charge after less than a year .
i prefer nokia 's approach with a very small and discrete light . i see the necessity to use the charging case as another downside of 655 . unless you have two charging cases or carry one with you all the time , you cannot charge head set at home and in the car . bottom line .
it could be just my phones though and not the xlink .
the best case for those whom do n 't like cases .
i can at least get 2 to 3 full charges out of this battery pack .
i bought two of these for my galaxy nexus and my nexus 7 , they do n 't work .
this cord is pretty much as advertised .
the tip is thin as it should be , but because of that , it 's flimsy , and therefore if you work on the device hard with the tool , it starts bending and the thin edge starts to wear away .
are there any for this price ?
the itorch had about 1 4 of juice left in it afterward .
ratchet failed after a few weeks .
get it if you need a case to protect your phone .
i bought this case and the commuter tl , this one is much cheeper but i liked it and use it far more than i do the tl .
the light is low drawn power and it does not get hot at all so i just leave it plugged in all the time .
you 're going to be hard pressed to find a better looking and functioning case at this price !
it came with my accessory kit in one box with the car charger and case so i just used it and grumbled .
the headset is comfortable and battery life is really good .
there were no issues pairing and the sound quality was really really good .
i have a screen protector on my phone which gets slightly pushed along the edges by this case , so i do not use this case too much so that my screen protector does not come off .
paid more and it does n 't work as well .
if you have an hd camcorder that uses this style of connector , you have to have it to really see it on your tv ! ( plus it 's cheap ! )
audio reception is excellent even for those like me with moderate hearing loss .
not real fast getting the phone out , but with bluetooth so ubiquitous these days , there 's less need for speed .
i pd almost $ 6 it is 1 2 the size of this one .
it seems that the bluetooth on the h700 drops out more often than the h300 . i would say that it drops out on 1 in every 20 calls .
it is a very solid construction .
but here 's my beef , the bulk packing was not stated anywhere in the description .
oem product , works great , ca n 't beat the price !
very happy with the price and how quickly it was sent .
i 've been using the same pogo sketch for my iphone since december 2009 and the same pogo stylus for my ipad since april 2010 . my husband also uses one and has had his the same amount of time .
this adaptor solved that problem and should be available from dapt .
i do n 't have the mp3 connection but do have a tape deck .
much better than trying to buy one directly through at t 's website .
the ear buds work , they are the same as the original , they arent just the foam piece , its the whole adapter . . . . .
when you plug it in the battery pack charges but the iphone does n 't .
not everyone , though , so there could have been other factors .
i am , frankly , shocked that s e would make such a cool headset and not have it work w many phones , especially the iphone .
replaced a factory battery so the phone would stay on longer and it worked .
yep , almost a year to the day , the belt clip started to pull away from the body .
i researched this heavily and decided to take a risk ( and amazon 's easy return policy convinced me there would be no risk to try it ) . it just works so well .
maybe i only feel this way because i bought the 3gs , with oleophobic screen , but when it smudges signifca n 'tly more after you put a screen on it , you tend to notice .
is it really that hard to do ?
the charger works just fine on my older blackberry curve .
then the 2 . 5mm jack broke while in a plug i 'm only glad it was in an adapter and not my phone at the time or it would have ruined the phone . i bought another one and it works fine .
this is a basic rubber case that does the job .
my old headset fit securely and so comfortably that i 'd forget i had it on .
if you need to leave the phone on during the charging you can get about a 75 recharge .
i wanted one single case , not two parts that come together .
my samsung solstice ii has never sounded clearer .
when i lifted the case i knew there was an issue right away when water came pouring out . my camera was ruined on the 2nd day of my 10 day vacation .
i purchased 2 of these usb cords .
fell apart after only one week of minimal use .
it 's comfortable . . . ( unbelievably light ) you think the 850 is small . . . .
you must get the car charger immediately .
well , i have no idea what these sound like .
this case not only looks fantastic , but it very functional and convenient to carry all the necessities ( credit card , id , cash , etc . ) it only smelled like plastic for the first 2 3 minutes after i opened it , which did n 't bother me at all .
nothing much else to say here , it 's pretty simple .
i like that it comes with a lock ring , i attach it to my bike basket and it works perfectly .
i am way more interested in the functionality . now i have to go see if they have a slip on for my sprint evo , because that thing needs to be charged all the time ! now if steve jobs will just use one of the 3 wireless technologies built into the phone for syncing , instead of a usb cable , i wont ever need to plug it in at all .
you flip the microphone down toward you and it is on .
i tried to put it on my phone but i could n 't get it to snap all the way on some of the holders .
you 'd be better off buying two apple charging docks .
for less than $ 7 , it 's worth the money .
i like the fact that customers can do their own maintenance . i 'm very comfortable with the wearing , and i have no idea why some people complained they might have special ear shape or size . . . i 'm using it mostly as a stereo headset and the sound quality is quite acceptable .
the 855 is the perfect solution .
these just did n 't lay as well on the screen as other brands i 've used .
it does not have an ac charger but the usb charging is fine .
the artic cooling is a better choice for your money . . .
a good quality product , easy to install , bubble free , fit very well and so far has n 't become lose or started to peel .
on my ipad 3rd series , it has actually charged my ipad faster than plugging it into the wall .
it 's great for the laptop because it does n 't get tangle up in the bag .
otherwise this is a nice unit but could include an optional short power cable which makes it much easier to handle and use .
i have noticed that because of the silicone it will attract fuzz and dust , but if you remove it from your phone it can be rinsed under the faucet to remove any .
very nice bluetooth , a little bit big for my taste , but very solid feeling and does the job .
i initially ordered 2 of the cables to see if they worked as expected .
i thought this would be cool and easy but the phone always slips off the touchstone .
besides easily being lost while moving around it has performed well even when the phone is in the car and the device is in my ear .
the cable is not premium in any way , but it does work exactly as described .
overall , i am pleased and would definitely recommend this headset !
you may need to clear the dust from inside your tape player , i 'm sure that may be the cause of many issues . fix eject issue . . .
it worked as well as i had hoped .
great delivery but since i already purchased it i cut a small slit under all of the magnets and i took them out .
my first mirror screen protector was $ 10 . the only difference between the expensive and the cheap protector is the thickness .
the cord is nice and long and it works perfectly on every phone .
this one delivers that , with very clear sound on both ends .
it 's so nice to not have to sit in that one horrible seat next to a power plug .
but once you position it in your ear ( and do n 't move quickly to jar the headset ) it 's fine .
bought this phone from west net online and would n 't charge , got a relacement and the same issue .
the skin can be a very welcome accessory for those who keep their blackberries mostly on their desks or maybe in their pockets . tt does 'fit like a glove' or , better , like a second skin .
for half the price , i got much better set of clasps as well as the bonus of the straps i needed . going by the picture and description , i did not expect these clasps to come with , so i 'm not only satisfied , but just very may buy another 10 . i used the straps to string charms to my psp and 3ds .
i bought this same model speck case when i bought my phone 2 years ago and it served admirably .
i wired mine into the horn fuse .
however , it arrived in a timely fashion ; worked perfectly and gets a workout every day or two .
perhaps i do n 't realize that there are many different types of these connectors for the same size ?
i love that i got a charger for my cell that works in my car for such a great price .
like any other product of this type , if you off road , drive over unpaved roads , or you intentionally drive abnormally , the contents of the pad may not stay put . summary just drive normally , and you wo n 't have a problem .
i picked up the itorch as a 'just in case' gadget .
i bought this to have a spare for my blue parrot xt250 headset .
once it 's in my ear , it stays put and works great .
this case is awesome but has one minor flaw .
internal antenna may not be as strong as an external , but i usually get great reception even with only 1 bar showing ( inside bldgs ) . highly recommend , might want to look into the t626 or t630 for better color display .
just picked up one for my mother because ours work so well .
there 's nothing wrong with this charger , there 's just better options .
the battery is easily holding its charge , the reception is great , the phone is very cool , the screen fabulous , the features unbeatable .
nylon cord is the best part does not tangle at all .
i gave it a 4 cause i would like the device to be smaller but it works great like its supposed to .
easy to use . . . . . you can see clearly by the function lights if the unit is on and if a port is active .
the only problem is , that it 's not so great visible in daylight ( like on every other mirrored protectors ) just put your brightness to max , and you 're good to go ; )
we love them , they look really cool and are oem so much better than crap you 'd buy at target or typically online .
the quality and length are great .
i am impressed with the quality of this case it is sturdy and easy to grip .
could no longer turn up the volume and rendered the headphones useless , as i managed to get them stuck all the way at the absolute lowest volume setting trying to get it to work again . expected a lot more out out of a $ 50 product .
this will work for the new bold also .
when i get calls while listening to music , i inevitably end up switching to my handset , because the microphone on the s305 's just does n 't seem to pick up my voice over background noise . i ca n 't recommend these for calls , but for wireless headphones , you ca n 't do better for the price .
couldnt watch movies on the htc without the battery dying .
always good to have a set of these around for glasses sunglasses or for other items with small screws .
first of all there is a strong chemical smell as if the case was just freshly stained and second i had to remove the back of my galaxy s3 phone in order to get it to fit in the new case .
i have bluetooth in my vehicle , so the cord length is not an issue for me .
but then after a while , my phone started to shut off again .
this phone is nothing more than a n95 with a touch screen and poor integration .
works as intended although i 'm not sure about the longevity .
none of them work now . in short , these things must have some kind of design flaw , resulting in a failure after a few months .
but this headset wo n 't stay on unless i stabilize the too thin ear holder with the temple of my glasses .
i have n 't got a single scratch on it and i assume it 's hard material .
incredible invention from palm hp , but alas the market did not welcome the hp phones after they acquired palm .
man , is this thing a brick .
worst mistake in buying a case for my phone .
this is not one of those compact designer usb car charger things but i like it and it does a good job .
i 've tried and returned at least 5 headsets ranging from $ 15 to $ 150 . this one was typical of the others that i returned , low volume on the earpiece and low quality microphone .
if only they 'd start making cases for nexus phones tablets , i 'd gladly give them more of my money .
after i used this headset for about 2 months it just died on me !
i have tiny arms so my only complaint is that it wo n 't stay snug around my wrist , other than that , this product shipped quick and came just as described
why phone companies do this is a mystery to me .
i bought these accessories primarily for the usb data cable , which works fine .
works great , just the type of cord i needed good heavy duty cord would recament it .
just be aware of the wattage required for what you 're trying to run .
if i could figure a way to keep the rubber piece tight , it would be a great blutooth .
the imp52d is perfectly sized tothrow into my pocket as i 'm heading out for the day .
i am very pleased with this accessory .
i have found installation of any protective screen is tricky as you need to align it very carefully , paying close attention to the edges .
this case is worth more than double or triple the price .
works just as good as the orginal battery maybe even better because it is newer than the one that came with your phone
got a cheaper brand lg last time , and was very disappointed , and immediatly replaced it with the plantronics 520 voyager .
now i can clip my iphone to my purse or a belt loop .
ps3 , ipod touch , iphone , blackberry , etc .
seem to be high quality compare with the cost .
for average user like me , the battery last for about 10 hours every full charge .
the motorola h700 did not do that because it fit on the ear and not in it .
i bought this charger a few years ago .
by the third charge cycle , i 'm anticipating it outperforming the battery it replaced .
cheaply designed but does as said . overall for price i am satisfied .
although it is good quality and design it is reaaallllyyyyy not an average person size . . .
this way i can keep one at home with the paperwork , take one on trips overseas ( cheaper to buy prepaid chips at the airports ) and have one more put away . the tool arrived on time and it works great ! ! i would highly recommend the tool and the vendor .
however , this device also a little bit overpriced .
i bought this charger because i occassionally leave my phone in my purse overnight without charging .
after a small amount of screwing around the h500 connected with mynokia n75 without a hitch .
i have been using it for webex ( 5 8 hour days ) with no problems .
i have a samsung instinct m800 and this case fit it perfectly .
these cables are cheap rubbish , really !
this is a much better value than the other cheap chargers on amazon and ebay .
i 'm not sure if it 's apple or the actual chord but eventually the chord stops charging the idevices , and iv'e noticed this with both my ipad and ipod .
if you pull hard enough they will open up .
i bought this case when my last case fell apart and i was specifically looking for a case that was not as rubberized as my last one .
i was thinking of deploying this in a call center environment , but i do n 't think it would last very long .
i 've only got a few complaints regarding this product . pros great if you have a rotary dial phone and only cell phone service available .
the person on the phone says it all sounds great .
i use this phone on conference calls for work , so the mute button is the most important button on the phone ) . it would be nice if it were easier to locate quickly by touch . 2 ) price .
it fits literally like a glove on my e71 . all the buttons work and i access to all my ports slots .
this product deserves five stars because it delivers what it was made for charge ! pros it holds a great amount of charge ; it charges fast and it comes with everything you need .
some that did work , but broke easily , and some that were so poorly made that they would n 't charge my phone at all .
as the other reviews mention , this is a genuine blackberry accessory . . . not some cheap knock off product .
be careful of the others in which may be selling variants of this motorola charger .
this charger is amazing for the cost ! ! ! it 's just like the original charger cord and it charges super fast ! ! a must buy for a replacement .
and i 'm not talking great for what i paid great , i mean maxell got away with what ?
i really love this device its smaller holds more batter power and also has a cool laser pointer .
i just want to reconfirm , it works fine with 3gs 32gb model with 3 . 1 version ( typical method and that has been mentioned in many reviews below ) . . . . i was able to recharge my iphone 2 . 5 times with one time recharge . . . . has normal usb input thus you can charge many other equipment which get charge from your computer . . .
looks good but do n 't trust your phone in this .
simply state the command call and the contact home and the dialing is done for you .
i had a generic microusb charger from verizon , but it would only charge as usb and not provide enough power to overcome the amount of battery power being used ( like phone , navigation , and data at the same time ) . this was cheap enough to take a risk on and i 'm glad i did !
the case they sent with mine is very chincy .
thank you for your time . update 01 09 2012these motorola h7xx series seem to have about a 10 16 month lifespan .
with the p518 , i can have the phone blazing with everything imaginable running and it still charges .
overall , it 's a really , really good device .
it feels like a nice case , especially for the price .
there was a huge surprise , the sound in my headphones sound distorted , and when i unplugged it and plugged it back in , it still sounded distorted .
with a distinctive ring tone you can always be sure which phone you are answering . the earpiece is very comfortable to use and at many times i find myself placing my hand over my ear to ensure that my device is still attached to my ear .
my iphone 4 is topped off very quickly and i no longer have to worry about using it too much during the day .
it 's also lightweight , portable , and reliable for my charging needs .
it charges fast and works perfectly .
i never realized how much i liked this case until it came time to get an iphone 4 case and i had a hell of a time until i found the iphone 4 version of this case which i just got and love as well .
i cut it down for an iphone , and it works perfectly with the iphone .
excellent travel charger if u do n 't need to sync phone at anytime .
i used it and it still works .
i am happy with the blue tooth technology .
i would recommend getting some at at t or sprint for a few more bucks .
you should look at the diagram on one side of the unit first .
this is a piece of cheap junk .
for those that like stats , i have posted some below . 1 . charged my iphone from 30 100 within an hour .
it works perfectly and does not disappoint .
its easy to use and is very clear on both ends of the conversation .
i had 2 4 iphone 4s where the top botton stopped working because you have to press so hard .
i 've downloaded midi files , games and photos off the web and copied them to the t610 for free !
other than that , it worked just as a charger should and should work for most android phones .
this is my first bluetooth , so i ca n 't compare it with others .
not much to say the charger works fine in my car with my moto barrage .
the data transfer and charging are taking place just like on the original .
i purchased my otterbox commuter case to protect my first ever smartphone a nokia e71 . i researched the different otterbox offerings and decided to save a few bucks by purchasing this one instead of the defender , but i probably should have splurged .
very very very nice for the price
the earhook is so flimsy that it came apart in the first 10 minutes .
this set was especially helpful in repairing my gps device .
in fact worked better with my evo then with the factory charger .
usually i can make it better by adjusting the mic volume ( another nice feature ) or by moving the mic away from my mouth .
my ipod was not playing through parrot , and it turned out to the non supported model and the only way i found out was with a display unit ; the voice only mode will not show this problem . i also purchased a wiring harness to use on 2012 toyota tacoma truck .
smudges and scratches are all you notice plus not easy to see in bright conditions
it works right out of the box with my iphone 3g and ipod nano 5th generation .
amazon was prompt in returning the refund . .
the micro usb cord and usb cord seem stiff and they look like they could snap off with a few uses .
original review what can i say about this one it does the job , delivers a steady and consistent amount of power to recharge my motorola razr phone , and appears to be better constructed and more durable than the non oem chargers for sale here on amazon and elsewhere .
i also have a glitch in my phone where it sometimes rings for no reason after adjusting the volume and the only way to get it to stop is to power off the phone . pros looks cool , slide function is fun , easy to use , stays locked , large display , lightweight , and slim . bottom line would i buy it ?
this stand is just as simple as it looks .
you get what you get for the price .
i only wish it had more ring tones , so those in your phone book could each have their own tone .
if it lasts a year , it 's only $ 6 . 00 . i pay more than that for tolls and coffee in a day .
everything is great except the hard protective cover . it is not easy to get on and it easily breaks . i strongly recommend the soft cover .
i wear glasses and this works out great .
it wo n 't fit in a small case and it wo n 't fit in a pants pocket .
pk i am a big big blackberry fan i love bb love the style of them i love the stuff you can do on them love this one for the color and just the way it is made
pairing was easy , they looked very well constructed , but the volume was a little low for me , great for a jog but no loud enough to compete with the lawnmower .
they 're lightweight , comfortable , and have ample cord length .
i wanted to believe this adapter was going to solve my headphone jack problems , but alas , ten minutes into my workout it had fallen completely apart and the wires had detached .
i 'll just have to find a short one since the 3 foot one i have is too long .
had to wait for a long time to get it , but it works great for my samsung galaxy captivate , i only use it for data transfer from my pc . . . . .
made in china . this is one of the cheapest and most effective solutions to protect a small camera .
the thumb handle may be the key .
shipping is extortion , but we were happy with the lanyard .
this product looks bad with its odd structure however it performs very well and was a big hit with a colleague 's trip to china .
it works , which is what 's important .
as long as what you have can take power from a usb port ( that 's 5 vdc to the uninitiated ) , this baby can power it .
but for the way my head and ear canals are shaped , it seemed to be my only solution .
this car charger has helped me out alot .
the accessories work but it 's just such an awful phone , everything that goes with it deserves a one star rating .
i can not tell when she calls me if she is on the phone or using the headset ( maybe that is more a comment on the phone ) ) . the voice interface of the phone has more to do with how well this works .
amazon has top pricing on this product too .
i noticed in very noisey environments , there is a moment of echoes while the piece adjusts . i find it easy to answer calls , and send them back to my cell phone when necessary .
i reordered it from pricemasters ( $ 3 . 19 ) . after reordering i realized that this may also turn out to be a knockoff or reject .
for a little over $ 2 , i can find no faults with this charger .
small enough to pack or carry with you .
and i just got a little more aggressive , since the case is sort of ruined to me anyway at this point , and tried isopropyl alcohol and even nail polish remover , and no luck . ) 2 . i agree with others that the color is not as vivid as i see on assorted monitors .
the plastic is thick , the spring and hinge are tough .
so this is a perfect battery charger for me .
as well as with regular flip phone models ) . everything i was looking for in a headset was great the fit , the look , the price .
i wo n 't be able to try that feature until the beginning of next year but so far , it 's working perfectly with 1 handset . update really loving this headset !
overall , its a great product that works flawlessly .
my only wish for this product is that it would supply 1a instead of 600ma , in order to charge the smartphone faster .
this is a solid device that works perfectly with my curve 8330 . i little overpriced at 16 . 00 , but no quibbles about it 's function !
most importantly for me , it speaks mac .
remember you get what you pay for though .
bought this to provide a little more impact protection for my iphone , but without the bulk of most i 've seen .
i priced this charger at best buy and it was a lot more expensive then what i paid here in amazon and it does the job just as good as the more expensive charger at at t
quite a feat for speakers in such a thin cabinet . i was able to unpack it , pair it with my laptop , and listen to music in about 10 15 minutes ( most of the time was getting my laptop bluetooth turned on and ready to pair ) . the unit is very simple to set up and operate .
the others maintained a fixed holder on the bottom , which affected how it held when i turned it sideways . 3 wow , i love the grip design .
the wind does n 't bother it much either .
another bonus is that it includes a velvet pouch .
it does n 't overheat my phone and does n 't fry my phone battery .
otterbox is a good brand , but is simply huge , is great for when you have small kids it protects you phone , but otherwise it 's just to big .
no problems and they charge both my iphone 4s and ipod .
i select two star because this package was no good at all .
have the phone for a week , almost perfect , but be carefull with case with magnets .
i was pleasantly surprised at how small this external backup battery is .
only complaint would be tha twhen there is no phone in the holder it tends to have some rattle noise but load the phone and the noise is gone .
as most reviewers have already said these work well .
bought this for my 3gs and it did not fit right .
the texture is very good , and the buttons are easy to feel use without looking at them .
the replacement 's fit was n 't much better , but i no longer feared it getting snapped off during use .
i 've tried all the different tips , including the available free additional tips and none of them stay in my ear .
i have purchased multiple chargers keyboards from new trent all of the have met or exceeded my expectations .
oh , i also like the design .
i would recommend this battery back for anyone that needs daily extra power for your phone , tablet , or other usb devices .
my biggest complaint is that the clip on part is too tight .
with this phone , i have forwarded my pager .
super easy to apply and the price is just super duper cheap !
the protectors are quite satisfactory in quality , and it is crazy value that you get 5 of them !
i use my cell mobile phone as my only phone ( no land line ) . however , my arms get uncomfortable and numb after holding the phone in talking position for even short periods of time ( ulnar nerve compression ) . using this earpiece , i do not have to worry about my arm getting numb .
i used it and must say that it is no better than the one or two dollar protectors .
another is the fact that there is no protection for the top , so try not to drop it upside down .
this is a really great case , looks and feels amazing , not to mention that the battery lasts for many hours .
but i hate when things do n 't simply work . the keyboard is fairly solid and certainly easy to type on , especially if you 're accustomed to typing on a laptop .
i bought another in a different color , and it did the same thing but this time broke while in my purse , near the charging area of the case .
last night as usual i fully charged the battery .
have been very happy with it . pros the mic on this is very sensitive and picks up my soft voice with no problem .
one thing i did notice was that if you do n 't use the screen protector that comes with the case .
i used to have moto hs850 . wep200 is better as far as connection ; way to operate it .
the mice takes some use to it .
treble is crisp and clear and bass is alright .
i bought this headset for probably the same reason most people did , the price .
this is the real deal ; motorola brand .
this case would work best for those who have a larger case , such as an otterbox , on their phone .
they will do for the little projects that i have to come for them and the length of the straps are perfect and the fact that its 10 for about $ 1 even better !
all it all it performs just like a device twice its price ,
it 's not bad , but it 's obviously low quality .
i also purchased that fish looking one which was terrible because the opening was too big and the cord did n 't stay in . this product , however , is excellent ! thanks ! mike
whoever writes that it does n 't work with the motorola droid must have gotten a dud charger , because i used mine for a long time , and worked fine .
when you jam it in there , the base does not sit flat and rolls around on the desk .
i could not get a comfortable fit .
i purchased this simple batery for a cell phone one would think that would be a no brainier .
have used it a great deal to charge phone on trips ; nice unit .
what is there to lose at this price ?
this is a perfect little device to charge various gadgets while on the road .
i 'm going to have to upgrade my plan to allow more internet usage !
sound quality is average at best .
worked well , and i love the blue light , as it lets me know it is actually plugged in and working .
ive tryed on an android and there is a lot of skipping but on my ipod touch 4 and iphone4s is so smooth no skipping and perfect to write anything only on your apple touch screen devices . .
the device is also really small , it easily fits in my pocket or in a small pocket on my backpack .
that 's fine for clamshell phones , but it 's half speed for iphone or any smartphone .
for the money , this is the best apple device charge cable i could find on amazon . the ipod connector end feels light and cheap , but so far has held its own .
the charger had been ripped out of it 's bag and used ( the cord had obviously been re wrapped and secured with a grocery store bag tie ) . when i complained to amazon about receiving used merchandise , they immediately sent a replacement via overnight , but the customer service person could have cared a less as to why amazon is selling used returned merchandise . i just received the replacement today .
i bought this cable to keep at work as a spare , incase my phone died and i needed to charge it .
but it does its intended job extremely well . . . extremely long battery life .
the sound is clear on both ends of the call and is very simple to use .
one end should fix at the bottom of the holder base and then mount it on any where on the dashboard .
this charger works on all our phones and tablets and others .
great product fits my iphone perfect great job guys homerun hit keep the good work up highly recommend for iphone
the headset is flimsy and cheap feeling especially if your used to plantronics quality , but it does it 's job and the sound quality is good . overall a nice travel phone that stays out of the way . update june 23rd more than one year later , it 's breaking . close to one year later .
it easily slides in and out of my pocket , but allows better grip than a naked iphone ( i was always afraid my phone would slide out of my hand , it 's so slippery ) . excellent material . great case .
i like the cut corners as they help me to get my phone in and out of the holster . i 'm surprised at how well this product has held up to the wear and tear i 've put it through .
i compared prices for a case and wasvery surprized to find the candy case on amazon for under $ 10 . 00 . buy it and save
but after getting a warranty replacement and experiencing the same problems , i read the instructions . ( i know , i know ) . they explain that you should put your music player in a back pocket , preferably as high close to the headset as you can .
i thought it was more of a maroon than red .
this takes the same amount of effort , charges my phone , and i can listen to a movie or some music at the same time .
the extra battery charger they give you and try to say that it boosts talk time does not .
cable was too snug , and too cheap . these cables are absolutely worthless .
products like this either work or do n 't this works as ad says .
be sure to do the initial charge and then let it deplete fully before charging again , its one of those older lithium batteries that requires the conditioning for full charge .
i bought it for the color and style instead of the quality .
my wife would get bad echo issues where the person she was talking with heard themselves as an echo .
i like this type of case and have been using this style for many years now .
i have purchased ( usually from my cellular provider or retailer for about $ 1 ) and used several of these adapters with various devices over the past several years and every single one of them has eventually failed . the average life expectancy of these adapters , for me , has been about 6 to 9 months .
for my intended use , the shorter cable is a plus . if you just need a regular car charger to keep in your vehicle , there are probably better options that would come with a longer cable .
some reviews talked about removing the metal belt hook , but hubby said it did n 't bother him .
nothing found that matches the value and quality
it paired easily and has been doing well .
it has everything you need to manage you life outside the office plus you get a really well constructed phone .
only caution is that if your phone is in case protector , then you may have trouble getting the charger all the way in depending on what kinda case you have .
do n 't get me started on the poor use of memory and how if you are not a nokia user from a long time ago , you install your apps on the default drive only to figured out the default drive is not where all the memory is .
i like cheap oem products ; this one fits the bill .
thanks anyway ! ! happy sales to you all .
there is nothing to lock it in place , so the phone falls over unless you balance it 8220 ; just right . 8221 ; even then , once you tap the screen ( ie skip a you tube add ) , the phone falls over .
the itorch imp52d is a great device to supply additional power to a portable device when your battery runs out .
its nice to have a compact and portable charger .
in fact , ca n 't quite figure out what they 're talking about unless it 's the slightly darker screen . despite the higher cost of this one over the non anti glare packs i 'd purchased previously this one has been a better value .
too big for everyday use outside of my home imho .
buy this before supplies runs out because this is a very good value .
i assume they will work fine .
it gives a very clean look and most compartment doors , but not all , will close over it .
too bad the headphones that came with it are trash .
this cable do n 't work . . . im so dissapointed , this cable is junk , cannot believe they sent me a cable that doesnt work , what a waste of my money and time ! ! ! ! ! ! ahhhhhhrrrr s * * *
i really needed a case belt clip solution , though , and this does n 't seem to cut it .
i will assume that plastic was chosen to ensure the light weight , however , i think aluminum is the way to go and is much more sturdy .
sometimes it sends old text messages randomly to people so it 's kind of odd .
however , you 'll have to provide your own microusb cable . not recommended .
i use a sensu brush but have written a review of that elsewhere on amazon . com .
it is exactly as described , charges fast , and works as it should .
and given that my phone is a droid motorola razr , you can literally feel how secure it is when charging vs the flimsy plastic junk verizon sells you . this item is well worth it for the price and purpose .
at first i was sort of skeptical about its back design , now i get it though , it obviously needs the two textures to add grip and the other one to make it smooth enough to fit into your pockets with no additional friction to it .
works great , easy to install , only negative being the hard plastic packaging that is standard these days !
very easy to connect with my phones lgvx9700 , lgvx9400 , samsung sch a950 , samsung u550 , lgvx8500 . great buy .
no driver disc or software to mess with is great .
not when making an outside call ) . i like the color ( and toying with changing the face plates ) and the functionality with great battery life .
i could use the oblong tip and get it wedged to where it would stay better , but it hurt terribly .
this and the 222 headsets are one of the finest headsets of all time . 5 years later , we are still using ours .
when the battery is low , it makes a different sound in ears and when you switch it off or when the battery dies out it makes a certain sound to let you know what 's happening . b ) build quality is good , it 's very easy to set up .
trying to get motorola to fix it , but no help so far . audio books may have issues .
boxwave changed the style to a snap closure and i did n 't realize it until i received it . i 'm not taking stars away because of my mistake , but by the usual problem i have with snap closures .
be careful when ordering these cases .
i recommend you get this charger .
all of my phones have been motorolas droid 2 , droid 2 global , droid x , and droid x2 . before that , is was the motorola razr and krazr .
it works exactly as it is advertised , it 's been used often since i got it and it still works and it 's perfect for travel
it also provided a little grip to but easily slides in a pocket .
it 's just a lower end model .
it may not be a ten page review with all the jabra specs pasted in , but that 's how i feel about the thing . ) in the oft repeated words of mothers everywhere , try it .
you can , however , reprogram the joystick . overwall , i 'm happy with the phone and it 's very stylish sexy looking .
sure , they do n 't slip , but as soon as you put any pressure on the ipod , the thing collapses .
but it worked fine when the headphone was plugged in 3 4 of the way .
does n 't charge my e71 , but i think thats a phone issue .
works okay to protect the phone and for men or short haired women this would be fine , but if you have long hair , it will sure pull it .
little tricky to put on but take your time . ? you will get very nice job with no bubbles . well worth the time to install keeps glass clean .
this case took one hell of beating over the years and held up wonderfully .
this keeps my battery from losing power plus charges it along the way .
very nice having the correct tools for the job at hand .
if you need a lightweight battery charge , the itorch is an excellent choice .
this is such a useful little usb port .
the case arrived quickly and serves it purpose .
i found it has not enough adjusting angles . that 's my only complaint otherwise it works fine . hope it could last long .
arrive on time , good quality , functionally , recomend to protect the samsung galaxy s 2 i9100 , fit exactly , recomend to the owners of this smartphone .
if that is the case , like say for my att s4 which needs 2 . 1a to rightfully charge , the best way to use it is with the phone turned off and charging , say mid flight .
even so , i recommend it as a very useful addition to your blackberry installation .
maybe i missed that point in the description .
when i found this foam replacement set , i was delighted because buying it would address another , nagging problem i 've had the plantronics headset picks up any slight breeze and makes it intolerable for the person on the other end of the phone conversation .
pros the product looks very sleek , and is very useful .
after pairing and played music from my iphone 4 , the quality is amazing !
i 've went through 3 of these bluetooth headsets in 5 years .
it was cheap and arrived fast .
extremely good buy for the price .
i like the small size , but prefer more power and two usb outputs .
i tried a different outlet and then i tried the usb port on my laptop .
works great at a fraction of what they charge you in your cellphone store .
but when it does work it is nice to have .
now she can concentrate on her driving while talking to me .
i have used the pack to charge my samsung galaxy s2 as well as my ipad 2 . with both devices , i have had no issues .
lightweight and it works with my nokia even when the battery is fully drained . charging this unit thought a usb port is a great advantage , as you do n 't necessarily need a computer to charge it , you can use a usb wall outlet available at many stores for almost nothing , so you can charge the energi to go without a pc .
speaker is unusable due to all the noise it makes . cannot recommend .
the vx8300 is not the prettiest or thinest phone verizon offers , but it seems to be one of their best performers .
i use this cable to offload data and charge my phone ( samsung infuse 4g ) at work with my computer .
i need a good solid charge going into my phone to stop the app from draining my battery and this charger does the trick .
this is a great battery i charged 2 kindle fires and 2 android phones on 1 charge .
well , you get what you pay for , sometimes .
all in all , installation was a bit of upgrade work but competently supported .
i had some trouble pairing it with my phone , but it did eventually do that .
after i placed my phone in the belt clip , several minutes later it just popped out .
not happy with this purchase , although this case is roomy , and you can definately fit a phone with a case in it .
it does keep iphone from easily coming loose , but if you have a protector film like invisibleshield ( like i do ) , then you wo n 't be able to put your iphone on .
it is attractive and lights up when its plugged in so that there is no doubt that it is working .
a friend recommended nextel , saying we 'd use the direct connect function .
very well made and the price was good as well .
i had 2 cases that would turn my ringer off during handling causing me to miss calls .
this one may have been molded really bad .
i was quite surprised by the great bass output .
i really like the fact that it has 2 plug in places .
i keep this tip in my truck in case my wife or kids forget their phone chargers .
it was built well not cheap like the knockoff brands .
it 's pricey , but it 's also hassle free and easy to use .
these do not work well and are very cheap .
i used a little of baby powder but that did n 't work .
not a lot to say but it works .
theled is a great use but the red laser is just entertaining . cons i only have 1 con to this fantastic devicethe way you turn on the led , laser , and the product itself unless someonereads the manual , no one would know how to do it .
only way to control volume is through the screen and that is absolutely not convenient .
it just takes quite a bit of force to do it , which is good !
even without this , it 's still better on wind noise than all the other headsets that i have owned .
you sort of have to tilt it backwards to make the ratchet action work .
it lasts three days if i do n 't play any music and use it strictly for voice and email . 7 ) the keyboard is easy to type on and feels solid .
until about a week back i used to think the creative ep 630 which came with my dell inspiron were the best earphones ever .
although the microphone extends as a boom , i never use it extended .
it should always be fine as a data cable , but not as a charger .
i turned on the computer and my 3g wireless card was up and running as well .
most of the time i forget it 's thereit 's easy to usei think texting is so much easier and faster than on the cosmosno data plan ! consnone .
these little jewels are the best way to protect your apple i .
i tried the s9 because of the reviews .
great price and very easy to use .
they are ideal oem cables ( standard for just about any handset ) , and so far they 've not died on me .
probably my only complaints are that you do have to read the manual very carefully to understand the various colors and blinks of the lights , but once you know your way around it the device just works .
not as comfortable as advertised and hugs your neck which i hate .
i had a bluetooth earpiece i got when i bought my last cell phone .
the protection this case offers is awesome and i do love the case , for this reason , i just ordered the defender case .
do n 't know how amazon and the vendor do it , but i am grateful !
no reports of echo from the person she is talking with .
there are so many sketchy sellers selling phone chargers out there , that it can be a bit scary .
this is the second scala 700 set that i 've owned .
has a nice leather look to it . it works for the iphones . . . . great for dressy or casual ware . . . lasts pretty long . . . i bought two , when one broke . . .
you 've got a sleek fit so you might have a problem if you drop it wrong . my only other complaint is that i got used to charging the iphone with the stock apple adapter .
first , since i was on a formal tour , we would be out of range of electric outlets from 8 9 hours every day .
its cheap the wristlet is like a little thread and not sturdy at all .
first time i tried to disconnect it from my ipod the cover over the ipod connection came off , but i was able to click squeeze it back on .
naturally i would want both of these to work at 3g speeds so i can take advantage of their features .
blackberry it 's an ok brand , this 8520 works fairly good , i use this phone for traveling and for basic tasks .
the mall was charging an insane amount of money for the exact same thing .
but it needs power and in the car , the motorola logo in blue shows me the confidence that it 's not some knockoff power adapter it 's the real thing driving my charger . for the $ 1 i 'd save with a knock off i 'm tired of getting junk that dies in a month especially in a hot car all summer locked in the center console .
save your money , and go for one that is better made . . . perhaps made by rim .
do this for a minute or so . then when you put the otterbox case together there will no no bubbles at all . i used windex to clean my iphone and otterbox screen .
being retractable it compacts to store in glove compartemnt when not needed .
you actually have to plug your power chord in the back of the dock .
my only critique is that the led is blinding ! minor issue for a $ 3 charger .
i have several revolvers and pistols which have sight adjustments that have outrageously small adjustment screws .
the apple store folks told me today that it 's not approved for the 4s , and that there is nothing that they could do . ( i 've had trouble with all non apple manufactured iphone 4s and 5s cords . ) i 'm wondering if this is even returnable .
it was easy to set up and works very well .
he lives in a marginal coverage area but it seemed to always be interfering with itself .
also , the back is textured , which you would think would be a grip improvement over the naked aluminum ( most of the reason i want a case to begin with ) but the texture actually makes it slicker and harder to hold than the naked unit .
it seems this case is made then stamped out or cut out from the mold or something . 2 notches on the side where it looks like they had to cut it free from the mold .
i purchased this item specifically to use by the potentially disastrous environment of the hot tub .
finally a reliable and clear alternative to holding the phone to my head !
the nokia e71 is alot easier to use .
this was my first foray into the bt department .
i bought this product from senyx fulfilled by amazon and had no problems at all .
i got this to see what electronics were using power when not on and it works great .
the leather holster if precisely the size needed for my new samsung galaxy note ii smart phone .
small , cute with a clip that you could hurt someone with .
what more is there to say ?
i 've only dropped the phone once since i got it , but it worked just fine no damage to the phone . i 've had no problem with crud getting between the case and the phone no scratching , etc .
unlike a lot of loop headsets , this does n 't seem like it 'll break fall off as i tend to put it in my pocket when unused . pairs fine with my mac and you can turn off the blue light if needed .
works great good quality very satisfied with it .
the sound quality is good when it works .
four years is a long time and it still looks new . does a great job of keeping unwanted noise , like wind , out . having volume control right on the unit ( low , medium , high ) is helpful . cons i do n 't like using a universal button that i have to depress to turn on and off .
i easily synced my treo with my macbook with no problems .
the case is very thin and does n 't bulk up the phone at all , leaves all the ports and switches fully accessible , and adds just enough texture to keep the phone from being too slick but not enough texture to make pulling it out of my pocket a chore .
i found the extra piece in my pocket .
i struggled wit getting it on .
it never fit right in my ear even though it comes with different rubber ear inserts . everyone always complained they could n 't hear me . i , at best , could hear the other person very slightly .
the rollerball takes a little getting used to and should be cleaned at certain intervals , but we like it better than the side dial .
she also likes that it is form fitting on the iphone and does n 't significa n 'tly increase the size or weight of the phone .
i considered buying a leather case , but they were too bulky .
this case is sturdy and the clip is nice on it .
i bought two of these chargers for my samsung galaxy s ; they work exactly as claimed .
the mount wo n 't keep the phone upright enough to see it .
i tried this battery because the price was right and it was an exact replacement for the battery in the phone .
it holds a charge for as long as the original .
ok good product you get what you pay for works and is good for the pricee you ca n 't go wrong
the sound quality on both ends makes it worth the trouble for now .
but it works , and that is all that matters for this cheap of a price .
this just plain sucks . basic phone call operations turn into a two handed procedure , pretty dangerous when you 're on the road . after 5 months with this phone , i 'm really missing a phone that has a keypad .
this renders the device inoperable , because you are no longer able to successfully charge it . after this happened to my first headset , i contacted the company and they quickly replaced it .
this works perfectly , right out of the box .
i read somewhere it also works with skype , but i 've never tried that . the sound is clear on both ends of phone calls .
this case is going to last forever !
now i can wear my jawbone all day !
i got this for my international galaxy note n7000 and it fits great .
a keeper for long , its quality shows it 'll last for ages . i just wish igo would start working on supporting windows mobile 6 . it does perform as a keyboard should and it does carry out it 's core functionality ; but , i ca n 't find the drivers for my device or any other wm6 device for that manner .
not sure how they got away with selling this garbage !
as the other reviewers stated , this is literally just a stand .
purchased the standard looking usb cable , not those other weird ones .
fits great , battery life is great , one of the best !
keeps a charge for two days , even if i work in an hour long convo or two with family . cons sounds tinny to the other end , sound canceling feature does n 't do much for wind ( but does work for road noise on highway ) . the on headset controls do n 't thrill me , but i also find that i do n 't need them .
no concerns , no mishaps , no issues holding phone up right . great cheap product .
not that i 'm worried about its durability , but given my outdoor lifestyle , it would be nice to know it wo n 't fail if my backpack gets wet . i seriously appreciate how the itorch is usb based so you can charge almost any device .
i have a razr maxx hd phone and xyboard 10 . 1 tablet , so these are a perfect pairing with my devices . the only reason you should have signal issues is due to your bluetooth device you connect to .
get what you pay for with this case .
it has a smooth texture and is not flimsy or thin .
the volume adjustment does not help much up or down .
it is not stretching or cracking or anything like that . this is the best case for the money that i have seen .
love the fact i can turn off the headset by just closing it .
if you like bass in your music these headphones will not dissapoint as the 30mm drivers provide nice bass .
the sound quality is really not bad once you learn how to adjust the volumes properly .
this case is exactly the right size and since it has clear front the remote can be operated without opening the case a winner
i asked him if he could hear me ok because i was using a new bluetooth .
i discovered 2 things 1 ) the unit itself is very cheap .
this lanyard has corrected the problem . . .
i had a cobra unit before and bluetooth did not reconnect all the time this one works great with out fail and no problem setting up .
but alas , it came a day earlier than expected , and the beautiful pink product expected !
its stereo is great , connects instantly , is light weight .
i bought this leather iphone 5 case before i received the iphone 5 . the phone arrived before the case , so it took a long time coming .
once the rubber part gets a lot of dirt and lint on it , it will not stick as well .
the other is still going and works fine .
it 's not too big or bulky , so it easily fits in my ipad messenger bag .
it does stay lit green , the led that is when fully charged but only when the phone is left off !
some songs i have to turn it down because the bass level of the song makes my ear drums tickle , and do n 't need to mess anything up too bad .
if the usb cable is unplugged , but the earpiece is left clipped into the holder charger , the battery runs down within hours .
easy to put on and can be removed easily in need be .
and this one work very well and cheap . )
if i 'm on my laptop and the battery needs charging , i just plug in the usb . one thing that does concern me is the design of the cables .
keep in mind , i 've had them over two years so i am more than ok with them started to cut out now . they came with three sets of rubber earbuds so you could select which size is most comfortable for you .
i heard some static on my end which has never been the case with any headset phone pairing that i 've had .
i originally bought this to protect my jawbone while it was stored in my purse .
you can charge the aa batteries while they are inside the unit , so once they are in there you never need to take them out .
this battery arrived on time and works ok but is slightly thicker than the original and it is hard to get the back cover back on . it lasts as long as the original did ( when new ) and otherwise works fine .
however , i used a different charger prior to this one but currently using this one and at the end of the day , it charges my ipod . seller halley r us
reviews complained about . syncing was almost instant .
she is very happy with it , it fits perfect and adds a good amount of protection .
speaking about taking the case off . . . . pain in the butt .
once you get a comfortable fit , the sound quality ca n 't be beat .
the backside of it has a very nice feel , not slippery at all . i highly recommend this product , if you are a male , get the black one . great looks , great feel , great protection , great fit , great price5 stars
i think its comfortable , clear , loud and all around a great headset .
i 've tried many portable keyboards but none with this build quality and keyboard comfort .
i should clarify my review title by saying that this battery is pricey compared to the non motorola batteries which mostly received negative reviews .
i bought the cheapest and it works just fine .
we bought the otter box to protect the phone from his frequent drops , bumps , etc .
the color is more dark in person , and this isnt the best protection case .
the magnetic clip is an ingenious plus .
when i first bought this it worked magnifica n 'tly . .
for around $ 2 you ca n 't go wrong with this case .
i had a dash mount holder for my garmin , which i loved , so i thought this would be great for my iphone .
i have never had any issues with syncing the device to any of the phones that i have paired it with .
am sure that it will work just fine .
at best , this is a case you store in your pocket or purse , although the case makes the phone quite bulky .
for my new 3gs i decided to get something slimmer and i love this case .
does exactly what it 's supposed to .
fits my galaxy note 3 but just does n 't want to stay on the window . . . keeps falling off .
as most owners of android phones , especially the 4g versions , have learned , all of a sudden the battery is drained .
i thoughtthe light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly .
this costs $ 2 $ 3 more than the cheapo models i 've tried , but it works everytime , with every device and continues to work for more than a few months . i 've used this in many different cars ( some with notoriously troubled cig lighters like my buddy 's bmw ) , and it always seems to work .
i understand its a case to protect a very expensive device , but really , otterbox is a little too intense for me .
love not having the cords getting tangled in car
besides , who wants to mess with the wires ?
bottom line was that after messing with it and * feeding * it back into the charger versus it retracting itself automatically when depressing the retract button , it took a few minutes to get the plug retracted so that only a few inches of cable was still hanging out of the charger and that was the best i could get .
i 'm very disappointed b c i purchased 4 of these since we went from cell phones having the micro usb charger to the mini usb chargers it seemed like such a waste to throw our old cords away .
i 've really enjoyed being able to listen to music wires free .
i 'm not a bluetooth techie , so i ca n 't compare this to other headsets , but after a month of ownership , i can say it works great . my car has built in bluetooth , but everbody tells me that when i 'm in the car it sounds like i 'm under water .
or , just search amazon for charging station or charging valet for more options . )
i use this with a regular land line phone .
still , if a diesel truck is nearby , folks will hear it .
here are my thoughts pros small and lightswitch to turn it on offcons sound compared to my previous headset ( jabra ) is tinny and quite .
the cover as well does not cover the phone in full it only covers back mostly , sides are left exposes and corners as well .
the device itself looks fine , not too dorky in my opinion .
now that i have it , i have found it to be very effective in terms of both hearing and being heard by the party at the other end of the line .
i have only a couple of things that i would consider to be cons . 1 . the headphones are really heavy on your ears .
i 'm not a huge fan of the bulk that most protective cases provide , but if you want the utmost protection then the defender is the way to go .
i bought 5 of these usb sync and charging cables and i 've used some just for charging and some for both data and charging .
i have only used it a few times , so i 'm not sure about durability .
it 's super cheap , and it works , so this is definitely a good deal .
works great when i need to charge my phone in the car . it is long enough that someone in the back of my toyota corolla can comfortably use my phone and not worry about the plug being pulled out of the bottom of the phone . it is what i would expect out of any car charger .
the various functions are needlessly buried in layers of senseless options .
also , if you want to use the keyboard , you have to go to menu , scroll down ( should be a top menu choice ) and then select show keyboard . that 's an annoyance after being used to having a keyboard ( a real one ) right on the device .
nice looking phone . if the phone has any problems , the motorola agents are unavailable to help in any way except to offer to maybe repair it if sent in , for more than the cost of an unlocked version . find a company that supports its products , that either is number one , or wants to be .
distortion only if u move your head 90 on left , but ignorable .
while this may be more than come with most phones , it 's not really adequate for a multifunction device like the iphone .
it 's difficult to tell from this picture if your i95 is any bigger but it is less bulky .
still until something better comes along i would buy this stylus again .
i tested it while driving on highway with open window .
other have complained of the belt part breaking off , and although i have not had that i would complain as i do n 't think it holds the phone 'snug' enough in the holster part .
if your looking for solid protection for your investment that those thin cases ca n 't provide this is it .
if you do not expect to be bashing your nexus 7 , this is a great and convenient wrap for it and it looks good .
i get the impression the phone gets too busy to keep the music playing .
it 's redeeming quality is that sound is good .
i then bought the plantronics voyager pro and have to say that for stability , it is rock solid it stays on my ear very well , stays in place , and the sound is like no other bluetooth i have had even when driving , it has loud , good , clear sound and people that i ask say they hear me very clearly and loudly .
very clear and sharp . * people hear me very well and do n 't know i 'm on a headset until i tell them . * noise cancellation works well .
a bit tinny on the receiving end from what i 've been told . the s305 's pair easily with my blackberry storm , and also have the same micro usb charger which is where the industry is currently headed so that was a nice bonus !
if you have devices that use both the mini usb charger ( older motorola blackberry phones ) and micro usb charger ( newer motorola and blackberry ) this is a great way to reduce the number of power bricks you have to carry around with you .
i did so and the text came very quickly .
it has a nice dark color you ca n 't really make out in the pic and it just feels good .
secure but not tight with no risk of falling out .
also , during a move i misplaced my power cord , so i called up the company . . .
the case seems very protective and fits perfectly !
it 's a regular cable that allows you to connect to your smart phone
the case cover creases if you accidentally run your fingernail along it .
but in the end , it just seems like a gimmick .
this power bank is sturdy and it feels tough .
shipping took a while ( still within the promised dates ) . these protectors work fine and do not seem to collect fingerprints as bad as some other ones .
it stills shows a full battery .
i mean they wo n 't be dre beats , but these fit the bill according to price .
the only time is does n 't work well is when the listener is also wearing a headset , and even then , i suspect that it is the fault of the listener 's headset and not mine .
the charger works well at all times so far .
i finally did here and it works great .
i did expect a faster charging rate for my motorola bravo with this charger .
a very lightweight and thin case .
i love the convenience of not having to hold the phone in my hand , but the pain is often unbearable .
no better or worse than the screen protectors that you pay $ 15 $ 20 for .
the volume control is hardly palpable .
the only thing i liked about my previous car charger is that you were able to connect a usb cable into the usb ports it provided but the time it took to charge your phone was not adequate for me .
best of all , the speaker phone function is one of the best i 've ever heard .
there is no need for special adapters docks to charge my phone and in my car i just sit it down and it sticks .
it collects fingerprints and does n 't seem to do anything but add bulk to an already large phone .
i like how it does n 't have to insert into my ear canal , which is the tradeoff .
i loved the size because i hate massive heavy phones in my pocket .
this one does not . it 's easy to install and remove . it offers a good compromise on level of protections vs .
i just ordered another plantronics 925 . this gold model is about half the cost of the first one i bought .
it 's an unusual color , but a bit ho hum as compared with what i thought it would be . i have n 't had any problems peeling . i do plan to buy an incipio featherweight case again , but a darker color because of the smudges . ( and also because this one just does n 't have the zing i was expecting . )
while i will agree that the device works as advertised and the sound quality is pretty decent this headset has caused me more heartache in annoyances to outweigh any benefit .
if i have it clipped on my pocket , the eargel faces out and unavoidably rotates to its removal position .
no power , data , anything , and i did n 't use it any differently .
but in execution , this does n 't come close and i 'd recommend a pass on this product , especially the iphone version . 1 . your iphone has to be put into a special duracell sleeve to work on the unit .
first you peel off the 1st tab and place it over the screen and then after this , peel off the 2nd tab .
the one drawback is it does n 't have a dedicated on off switch like other models .
the most important feature of a screen protector is privacy when i am working , texting or just idling in public places , i want my all of my information protected .
i have nothing bad to say about he plantronic voyager i 've had 2 of the same bluetooths for work so i was upset when i went into the site to purchase and they said that they discontinued it .
i intentionally made sure i chose a cable sold by amazon , and these cables are perfect .
it is not blackberry branded ( but was n 't expected to be based on the description ) , and is quite a bit shorter than described .
but i am not putting it into the case it 's safer in my pocket .
when it worked , it was fantastic and stylish .
i thought of purchasing these accessories because the package offered contained all the items i wanted at the time .
this keyboard fills my left pocket and my ultra mobile pc phone fills my right pocket .
what a great price ! right out of the box , plug n upload sum juice . . . do n 't know if dropping it repeatedly on the floorboard , or occasionally stuffing it in console to hide caused failure . . . but soon the green light failed to light , and phones display showedit was n 't charging .
the magnetic catch is much nicer than the velcro strap i had on my previous case , i can pull my phone out without making a lot of noise .
i feel my phone is protected in this case , and all the buttons work properly with it on .
had to return one because the top did n 't line with the bottom on the right side .
do n 't even think about the possibility of putting your phone away and seeing the name come up on the screen . not really sure that $ 78 installation where do i put the wired microphone worth not having to wear an earpiece . bluetooth music ?
the right angle adapter is just what i needed and the price was right .
but the audio quality is substandard , which seems to be a real issue with bluetooth ; i 've had many bluetooth headsets and almost all of them have bad audio .
sound output is decent no adjustment behind the ears , so either it fits or it wo n 't .
i 've also loaded a few apps and music into the device .
i have tried 3 or 4 different bluetooth headsets for my office phone but finally decided to stay with the plantronics one because it is the most comfortable one and the sound quality is definitely the best .
unfotunately after a few days they started rejecting my headset .
just did n 't work well for me .
this thing is so useful i actually got 2 . all smartphones ( specially android devices ) drain battery like there 's no tommorow .
so far i have used this for charging my wife 's samsung fascinate android mobile and my iphone 4s , which it has done exactly as it was supposed to .
when i 'm on the street it does n 't work anymore ( i live in a big city with lots of radio interference ) . i have to bring my phone really close to the earphone in order for the bt to work without interruption . when i say it does n 't work the music plays for 2 seconds and pauses for 2 seconds , then plays a bit more and pauses a bit more . . .
i love my jawbone ! ! ! ! ! it truly does what it says .
it came faster than i thought , and it works very well with my samsung i897 ! it has a good lenght .
so this cable is n 't a genuine samsung cable , however it will work for regular charging and data transfers from your phone to your pc laptopi 've tried it on both samsung and lg phones and it just works fine for those 2 purposes . . .
the light text might also be an issue for someone with vision problems . overall , i would recommend this phone .
it is oem and not a fake or knock off . this is a real , quality , motorola accessory and i highly recommend it !
i am most pleased with the length of the cords as the outlets in our bedroom are not exactly right next to our nightstands .
now while i ca n 't beat them , i can at least put up some decent numbers speed wise . even though the 3gs is almost smudge proof this tool will keep those screens finger print free and glistening which is the way it was intended to look . a good buy and excellent value .
other than that it is nice sine it is n 't bulky and protects the phone pretty good .
for months i walked around with the charger cable in my bag , trying to find an electrical outlet whenever and wherever i could .
i really like the incase , but this one is just as good , if not better in my opinion .
the plastic housing holds the connector with a slight amount of play ; i imagine with a decent amount of force it could crack .
the only draw back is that at t apparently recycles phone numbers very quickly , so i get calls for previous owner of the phone number , which is sort of awkward .
my initial solution was to just leave the speaker turned on and only turn on my bluetooth to connect when i want to listen to music , however there is a flashing blue light on the front which lights up our entire basement when it flashes every 10 seconds .
i 'm glad they 've made a retractable corded charger , i got tired of the wires being on the way that 's why i bought this item .
it takes a little practice and some time interpreting the instruction manual , but it is worth it to see exactly what each item is costing on an hourly , daily , weekly , etc .
i dropped my iphone and not a scratch was on it from using this defender case .
as a college kid i am constantly on the go and my iphone 's battery takes a beating .
just be prepared to be shocked about your considerable energy needs .
this thing is awesome ; i can drive with my window open and have a conversation . i am very happy with this headset .
bought 2 of these . . they work just fine , both for charging and for data on my samsung gs4 and my wife 's lumia 920 .
so upon realizing this , i started plugging my phone into my home charger , however i found that even when it is plugged in , the battery still drains ! i have sense boxed the big bulky worthless battery , bought some car chargers and switched back to the original battery and cover .
the plastic clip on the first one broke about day 2 . i figured it was just a manufacturer 's defect , so i contacted the seller and was quickly shipped a replacement no questions asked .
i 've noticed , however , that the 3g service i 'm getting indoors encounters a lot more packet loss than what i get outside .
the price on this item is hard to beat and it arrived quickly .
the case also has belt loops if i were to be looking for the extra security that would offer .
sometimes i could n 't turn it loud enough to hear over ambient noise . falls out of my ear constantly .
a feature that would have been nice is if they folded flat so that they could be stored in my netbook case . all in all i found it to be a very good headset .
however , it is the new design ( just slightly different and a different label , but it fits into the phone ) , and works perfect .
has a great shape , and is thin enough to provide great protection without adding a lot of bulk to an already large phone .
this case plain and simple is ok .
the next morning , it said fully charged , unplugged it and it was not charged even a bit . . .
usually the magnet is only in the inside to keep caese closedbut this one , the magnet is also in the outside which could damage other electronics specially car keys and remote controlone more thing .
the call quality is adequate on both ends .
unless you hit the sweet spot in installation the holder fits awkwardly and does n 't feel sturdy .
it is the perfect size for what i need and it is completely waterproof and crush proof .
and it 's black , in keeping with my iphone 's original look .
it 's really hard to describe how good it sounds .
can be used in stages , does not have to be extended to its full length for use .
if you load the iphone 5 and the holder has the little tabs at the bottom flipped out it will hit the volume buttons , so that 's kind of a pain , but not a deal breaker since you can just slip the phone up and inch .
if only the buttons extended outward , this would be a good case .
i did within the first few days cut off the cover for the charging port and have no regrets in doing so .
quite a nice bonus , and a great price as well !
once the device was charged all i had to do was turn on the bluetooth on my razr and it found the t305 , done . i love the voice recognition also .
the led light indicators , however , are little brighter than i would like .
this charger , if used with an adapter , could charge an iphone or ipod ; however , it will not charge an ipad ipad2 . you ca n 't beat it for the price !
i do n 't swap it too often so not sure about how sturdy it holds up to moving it from one cable to another , but figure i will keep it dedicated to one cable to avoid plugin wear and tear .
this is my second motorola charger and i hope it works as well as my first which i had for almost 3 years .
i am hoping the quality is better than that of the lg tone .
i have a black one a gold ( whitch gets alot of attention ) the both have great clarity of sound .
the size is compact and easily mounted as well .
i drive a toyota tundra and a honda odyssey which are both pretty quiet ( both loaded vehicles ) with a little truck road noise ( tires ) or kids .
if i circle my dinner plate with it , the food tastes better .
so i ordered an i730 from amazon .
these headphones arrived today , and for the price i paid , it is amazing .
the screen is n 't very big which is a turn off for such a heavy and bulky tool . the email tool does n 't have an option to set business hours so you have it still downloading mail 24hrs , that was n 't good .
the seller sent out the replacement on the same day !
the tower was just 2 g .
the cell antenna seems to be working ok .
otherwise i feel quite confident in the protection and the kickstand .
it last 3 to 5 charges until it dies .
work greats for my cell phone charms the only down fall is that the jump rings break easy would be five stars if they had split rings instead still worth money will order more
i guess that is common with these clear jelly products though .
i wanted a stand for my htc evo v 4g and my elocity a7 tablet , that would be at a tilted angle , fit my phone with my bulky phone cover in both portrait and landscape positions .
i bought it about a year ago , and it still looks pretty good , although the color is starting to fade . i got this because i wanted a clear blue hard jelly case .
first let me say i absolutely adore this case .
feels somewhat flimsy but gets the job done .
they are well made and the charge lasts a long time it seems .
i 've hooked this cord up on 2 separate windows 7 machines as well as the usb ac adapter that was included w my captivate and it worked perfectly on each occasion .
while this item looks virtually identical to the original apple cable , my iphone 3gs tells me charging is not supported with this accessory . i do n 't know how my phone can tell the difference , but it only likes to be charged with the original .
while duracell has made honestly some of the strongest ways we simply can find to charge up our hi tech gadgets , their always is something that is n 't worth its money .
working at it with the car key at an angle and turning , pulling , turning , pulling i managed to get it out after about 5 minutes of work and some scraped knuckles .
i bought this because i wanted a case to protect my new iphone .
it is n 't a charging stand at all !
now one thing i noticed about these cases the back colored panel you see is n 't built into the case from the inside it 's actually a paste on piece of material which seems that if your careless it can start to peel off .
the wep200 is fantastic , its super small and you hardly notice its there .
it is that it does not stand horizontal only vertical , other than that very good product quality .
i use these paired with the nike system and my iphone .
no longer using it , because i got a bigger headset , but the product is still very good .
great price , much cheaper than at the cell phone retail store !
also , the charging station is kinda big and ugly .
it was also hard to get them out .
while i do agree with 34 ; do n 't mess with a winning team 34 ; , some phones ( like the s5 ) have evolved a lot , yet the case has not .
occasionally as much as 5 , 000 minutes .
ok so i had gotten a tablet for christmas and figured itd be smart to get some styluses .
for the first time , they said the phone 's battery life lasted the entire day both days . like me , they did not notice any impact on general phone function .
i do n 't anything about electronics and wiring , but i do know that this thing works .
no , i did not drop or abuse these headphones .
the store charged thirty five bucks so of course i said no .
seriously . it does have 1 downfall however .
sound clear for both me calling party .
got this battery today and already love it ! ! my phone stayed charged all day ! ! i talked all day on it , used my apts like facebook , games , etc .
no problems with range or battery life .
get the bluetooth and give up the wire .
i did get a cheaper headset inbetween the two and it would n 't even pair with my iphone .
having kids , power outages are no fun when there 's nothing to do , but giving the kids a way to charge their devices has a way of saving one 's sanity !
just what i 've come to expect from boxwave .
they could have designed this piece better .
the usb data cable can sync info between your pc and your blackberry cell phone as well . 3 functions in 1
do n 't order this , it does n 't work as advertised .
also , its was a great price .
this was the best bluetooth i have owned because of performance and more importantly the fit .
the added protection allows me to have piece of mind .
calls are clear and seem louder than before and i do n 't get the audio cut outs that i used to . also included is equipment to be used if you want to mount the antenna to the outside of your building or onto a pole .
it comes with a cigarette charger and a wall charger , so one 's at the house and one 's in the car .
we like to canoe during the summer , this will be much more convenient for cell phones , etc , than the larger dry bag i have been using .
worked as described and the price was great .
the manufacture code of dc061128 ( november 28 , 2006 ) means that the battery is over 5 years old . the battery did come with a full charge , but a battery that 's already leaking is n 't going to be used in my phone .
it 's water resistant , not huge , and not ugly .
i bought these to charge my nexus devices ( 4 and 7 ) , but they do not maintain a constant connection .
with a busy family and several phones , i thought this would be a nice central charging spot for all of us .
if you 're looking for the ultimate impact protection for your blackberry curve , this is the case to have .
all in all i 'm happy with the signalboost dt , though i have to take away a star for the high price tag .
this product looks nicer in the picture than in person .
he 's used the charger twice now and it works as described .
i have bought 6 of these chargers .
the next morning , my phone was dead .
there 's only one button and it 's on the bottom right .
it looks fairly well made and so far i am very happy with it .
when a call comes in , it switches automatically .
also interesting is that since its bluetooth you can project your phone calls through it too .
but for the life of me i ca n 't figure out how you get them to work short of superglue and even then they are too quiet to hear so i guess they work on the jabra they are designed for but not the jawbone .
the tech support is top notch .
this screen protector is very thick and therefore , very easy to apply .
just unwrap the plastic wrap , plug the cord into the back and drop your phone in to immediately start charging .
it lets me pause , skip forward or backward on music tracks .
it charged my samsung s iii from 3 to 14 in around 22 minutes ! very slow !
similarly , when i called about the volume problem , they answered promptly and were courteous and knowledgeable .
it paired with my samsung d807 in a couple of seconds .
it looks very nice , not cheap like a lot of others .
it is supposed to , as stated in the motorola h790 manual that came with it , but the seller does not have any . . . it hurts my ear and therefore i cannot use it for more than 10 minutes at a time .
i totally recommend these screen protectors to everyone .
it arrived in the mail a few days later , everything packaged neatly . everything is pretty self explanatory , you just plug it into the cigarette lighter and into the phone .
other otterbox cases are more elastic and thicker and will not break . i do have to say that although the case broke , my phone did not .
i like that it does n 't use a proprietary charger and that it did n 'tcome with too many cables .
they 're not bose quality but , these are definately a homerun for the value . . . .
i bought this product after reading several reviews on several chargers .
they last quite a long time .
after installing , i discovered that the camera hole was not aligned correctly and thus ended up buying one from fry 's at 3 times the price .
i use this primarily to click onto my shorts when walking .
now i 'm relaxed and i know no matter how much i use battery sucking photography apps i always have a few charges ready in my other pocket .
the unit is fully charged and everything .
i use it as my back up . if you need a headset that is dependable , gives crystal clear reception , and blocks background noises while it broadcasts your voice clearly and sharply look no futher . . . buy the voyager pro .
it 's perfectly integrated as if the car and phone were made for each other and the stereo gateway did n 't even exist .
my only gripe is that the cable is fairly short but this seems to be a common problem with this style of charger .
it fits in their , but its a pain to get in and out and it 's always pushing the lock button when i put it back in .
small keyboard . signal is great , internet navigation kind of crapy .
i ordered from sf planet other vendors may be different .
i tuned it off a few times on accident when trying to mute .
inexpensive and gets the job done .
i think that the stereo mode takes on more bandwidth and requires a better transmission rate . . . .
my first phone died within 12 hours of using it ; first power cycle resulted in a flashing white screen .
the only complaint i have is that this ear piece does n 't adjust to the inside of your ear .
and in theses days , the way our phones batteries die so fast you can never have too many back up batteries handy .
symbian is all the opposite of windows , on a positive point of view . this phone humiliates all my previous ones and i 'm more than happy with it .
my one apprehension with this charger was its size .
what a piece of crap ! ! ! ! ! magnet could barely hold a pencil let alone a heavy iphone 5 . if i could rate this product a half star that would be touch much credit .
so you drop it in the dock , and it become your night clock .
while this one performs better than the prior , it still does n 't pull it 's weight for the money .
i did not know apple changed the app with os 6 and spent an entire evening trying to get this to work .
it also has the added benefit of protecting against scratches to the screen .
i 'll start with the only negative the headphones are made of very light weight plastic and it feels like it is going to break when you handle them .
it makes the cables stick together , to you , to your earlobe , to everything !
looks as if someone dropped it in dirt .
apple was charging a lot and this battery did the job perfectly for a lot cheaper and came with the tools .
i decided to try this adapter which allows me to keep my galaxy s3 upright as i 'm used to with the epic .
as an added bonus , it has its own charging cord built in so you have one less thing to carry .
they need to produce a three pack in multiple colors .
thank you very much for making this so reasonably priced and sturdy
luckily , the price dripped from $ 80 for the headset to around $ 30 and i did not hesitate to get a replacement .
however , it may be too much isolation for use in a car . the cord rarely tangles !
it might be a better protector in case of accidental drops , but this boxwave case is looks better , feels better , and has a better fit although it is thinner and lighter .
needed an additional charging cable to leave at work .
no heavy usage so hard to say much beyond that
but will work for regular data transfers ( photos , music , etc ) hope this helps some of you deciding
i let it charged overnight and it fully charged just fine .
it was fuzzy and could hold the pass through cable ( which allows it to be wired as well ) , the charger as well as the headset . cons i 'll be straight ; this thing is freaking huge .
the case is a little bulky , but it gives great protection .
no more fumbling for wallet , but this cannot fit that bill .
came as promised and worked perfect .
i received the micro usb converter in 3 days , much sooner than expected .
parts fall off after a short time and it is very cheaply made .
the cable rarely retracts on its own , you have to push the button , pull and release a bunch of times until most of it retracts , and then tap on the charger repeatedly to unbind the spring inside so it will retract the rest of the cable .
it has a laser pointer which is nice .
it works fine but my palm phone is broken so i ca n 't use it .
you ca n 't beat the price at 0 . 01 and the small shipping charge of $ 2 . 95 . if i had been to the mall i would have paid nearly $ 20 . 00 for one .
but surprised that it also fits my sprint hero phone , have a cover on my hero , still fits . update dumped the sprint hero . . .
this is my best stylus ever .
it 's definitely worth it to buy these ( especially when genuine cables cost $ 15 ) . if you buy 15 and 10 work , is n 't that better than buying a single working one for the same price ?
i can protect my phone with class , and carry it easily .
though it ( msrp ) is a bit expensive , it works and will help a lot if you live or travel in area with weak signal .
do n 't work , as simple as that .
for a few bucks , you can clean up the cord clutter and have a classy looking cradle without having to plug it in anymore .
i definitely recommend this little transmitter .
cheap feel ; buttons do n 't feel solid .
with this item , i did not have to worry about my iphone ( used for taking pictures and email ) running out of juice .
this usb cable is as described .
you can tell they are a little cheaper as the end plastic covers tend to fall off , but nothing a little glue ca n 't handle .
this cable is short , small and thin , but well made .
if i know that i am going to be in some wind i will use this headset instead of my wireless just as a comparison and i use a plantronics voyager pro plus and it is a great wireless headset , but for real sound quality on both ends you ca n 't beat the plantronics mx500 series .
i can only speak for the cables from importer520 as that is who i purchased mine from .
yes but you get what you pay forheadphones come with lots of other replacement ear buds as well , this is sonic marvel that will blow you away ! * * * * * highly recommended
unrelated to the clip , my phone has take a couple of dives on concrete and has come out unscathed .
i bought both my wife and i one of these and we had a lot of trouble with the bottom portion coming off .
i needed a bit more coverage for the amount of money paid .
do yourself a favor and buy this one if you have to have a bluetooth headset for use in the car or around the office , but know that it 's not perfect and there will still be frustrations .
i prefer keeping my phone in my front shirt pocket , but that does n 't work so well with this headset .
just enough to moisten it , before putting it down on the surface .
the bass gets a little better if you press the phones against your ear , but who wants to do that ?
the only guess i have is that if you drop it in the case , and it lands screen down , those protrusions protect it from hitting the screen .
have n 't been able to find a driver for vista yet so have n 't been able to charge via usb . i would buy this unlocked phone again .
even when i 'm not using this bluetooth it 's good to carry around like semi earmuffs . c ) battery life is good , not great .
the reception of the product is great but the earloop keeps falling off .
she loves it and it works very well on her phone .
that annoyance had been eliminated with the jabra extreme . the size is nice , too .
too big for my bluetooth which is why i bought it .
i bought a shorter , more expensive cable that works .
works like the original , my original battery wont hold the charge anymore so i needed a new one and this one works like a charm .
do yourself a favor and get a better stylus by paying a little more .
i also noticed the speaker is quit small .
yes , it does kind of suck that you have to use the adapter ( especially when you want to charge at the same time ) , but i do n 't see why they would not be portable since the buds and adapter are about the same length and size as a normal pair of earbuds . overall , best phone i have ever owned .
it arrived earlier than expected and the build quality is great .
as it does this it creates a vacuum seal that so tight that you are more likely to dislodge the windshield than you are to remove this device from it . the iphone fits perfectly into the holder and the aux cable is nice and thin .
the phone was not the quality as advertised .
i have owned multiple bluetooth headphones and i know what the normal range is .
let 's face it you can never have enough chargers for your blackberry .
picked this up when it was on sale and i must admit that it works great .
i can recommend this one to anyone looking for a new bluetooth .
all phone are different so i will give you this tip get something that you can mount to your dashboard with double side white foam tape .
they are fairly comfortable , but not so good when wearing glasses .
i was a little surprised because this was listed as the jabra street , but what i received was the jabra street2 ( revised version ) . could be a seller mistake , but since it 's in my favor , i wo n 't complain .
i had the unit charged up when the power went out saturday before 9pm .
i mean , it charges my phone which is what it 's supposed to do .
item is exactly as described and pictured .
there are better choices out there .
this was a waste of time buying it do not protect anything it should be called a shutterbox because your phone may brek into pieces if you drop it with this very thing rubber on it .
call quality and sound were both very good .
these screens are real easy to trim down and apply to your phone device .
the device fits snugly on my ear , and no worries about it falling off once it is in my ear .
i 'm buying another couple of these in different colors to satisfy the neurotic side of my personality !
i can listen to my songs on my apple touch and do other things in my apple touch at the same time since it 's not sitting on the dock like my other im600 . the only 1 negative star is it 's not pairing with my blackberry curve phone .
i am a discriminating listener of classical music and i can safely say this is the nicest sounding wireless headset i have yet heard .
i 've chosen to go with a different case , but i think the guardian is solid protection at a cheap price point .
cheap and effective for what it is designed for .
it makes no sense to spend more than the amount of the refund shipping the defective cables back to the seller !
got this charger and did n 't want to spent the extra $ $ $ $ $ for an apple product .
does exactly what it 's supposed to do . docked a star because the cable it came with was faulty out of the box .
i can hear while driving , people can hear me like i am talking into the phone . my one complaint is that it does n 't fit well on my ear .
the instructions were easy to follow and fit the device exactly .
shipped immediately to me , this usb is worth way more than i paid .
this stylus comes apart really easily and feels super cheap .
this enables it to remain much more comfortable on long meetings .
not would not recommend these screen protectors but the cloth lint is great for cleaning your reading glasses after you have used up the 5 screen protectors in about 5 weeks !
my advice is buy a bluetooth , just be careful who makes it and check out their customer service .
i use the dlo case as it 's reliable . i also have a high quality screen protector , which imho , is the most important protection you can put on an iphone .
if you want this sort of case and with the understanding that other cases may protect the phone better , i would recommend this case .
i can even notice a difference with the noise cancelling technology as the tv was on in the background , but my voice was still clear .
i used to have no issue until i switched from sony ericsson to samsung ( unfortunately , i did n 't like the sony ericsson xperia ) . i wanted to get the cell ranger usb powered signal booster , but it was priced way higher than this one .
the battery charger may be good , and it 's nice that it can charge the phone directly or just a battery externally .
i bought this item for my iphone and when it arrived suprise , it does not work with the iphone .
i experienced no air bubble problems , and i do n 't even notice the protectors are on the phone . my order was from eforcity .
i love this device so much , that i just use it to hold my phone even when playing music . finally , yes it holds your phone very tightly .
i have it hanging from an overhead cabinet on my wall .
loud enough but i feel that the h605 i tried was louder , but that is a direct in ear ear piece , but that thing was very uncomforatable so this is a excelent balance of everything , plus a neat boom to flip open and answer , i can slip this on the ear very easy .
these really should be given out for free from all power companies because it 's such an invaluable tool .
i used it on a galaxysii , it was very tight fitting .
ended up buying a differnt model for 25 bucks that connects to your cd player slot and that one is amazing .
there 's no way to verify that now . in sum good charger with good connectivity , looks and acts like it 's an original samsung .
the older mini usb battery packs are headed to the clearance counters now so i thought i could pick up a bargain and convert them to micro usb and use them on my newer family phones .
that was too bad because they did seem somewhat comfortable and did direct the sound into my ear for a louder and clearer sound .
the sides buckled just enough to expose the silver casing at times , which drove me crazy . i almost did n 't get the otterbox because i thought it looked bulky and heavy , but the pictures do n 't do it justice .
good deal and the right price .
sound was not solid , but tinny . get the sound matters speakers i reviewed today if you want a good solid pair of speakers that will work and last a long time . sorry altec , but you blew it on this one !
while still appearing to have a hard shell , the rubber itself is fairly soft , and does a great job of protecting from falls without feeling too bulky .
poor quality and a waste of money and time . .
it 's what they say it is .
all in all it 's a solid buy .
its a novel idea since the carrying case is also a battery charger , but i just wish it was n 't so complicated to put it in and out .
even when turned off it keeps making static .
the quality of the sound is not as good as if having a direct mp3 connection , but i consider it very good . . . ( not sure it 's even fair to compare ) . i use this primarily for audio books , and i am very happy with my purchase .
by 4pm the next day , power had not been restored and the phone was going below 20 wanted to shut down some functioning to conserve what was left of the battery life .
the case itself seems well made and thicker than i had hoped , but hopefully that will protect the phone well .
the usb port which uses to be charged is loose and i had to try various usb cables i had lying around to find a snug fit .
died out within the 10th charge . .
now if you want more power and are willing to lug around something larger , get a hire capacity power pack . i also want to mention that originally i though the light and laser pointer on this device were pointless , but just the other day i used the laser pointer for a presentation . . .
the nice thing is even lifting the headset from the cradle activates the lights , so i can choose to avoid being disturbed even when i 'm not on the phone .
it fits well and it 's remained in one piece through several removals , but i wish it was more metal looking and less plasticy . it is a solid case though .
this is creating problems with our anti spam filters and i also believe this is unethical and should be illegal .
at first i was not happy with the fit because they kept falling out of my ears ( similar to other complaints here ) , but then i switched to the small size ear pieces ( they come with 3 sizes ) and they fit perfectly and stay in until i take them out .
the case leaves a good lip around the screen and the tpu has a good thickness to it , without being too thick , so ia feel like this would protect my phone pretty well in a drop . my only complaint is that the volume buttons are subpar .
for less than $ 2 , it is n 't worth sending the non working cable back .
wish it had the option to change the color or at least the option to purchase in a different color . but still works and looks great !
i usually have to be less than 4 feet from the cell ranger though , like sitting in my car or truck with the cell ranger plugged in .
had to quickly pull it out of car , almost too hot to handle . made in china possibly ! ?
i have installed the included optional rubber cushions and it is better , but after an hour and a half it still starts to hurt .
the only reason i did not give this a 5 star rating is because if you do not have it in the case face first , it does not provide any screen protection like you can get with an otter box with the outer edge .
incredible product for the low price .
this headset was a great deal but it 's difficult not to think you get what you pay for . . .
i like this case for my iphone .
my experience was specific to using the scala with sprint 's lg pm325 . first , the audio quality was not good .
i charged both at the same time and it worked flawless
received it , plugged it in , did n 't work .
please do n 't trust others only oem planet dealer . .
the ear loop is cumbersome to put on , and the ear bud by itself will not stay in my average ear .
this is an excellent screen protector that went on easily with no bubbles .
i caught my 2 year old vigorously scratching his fingernail across the screen laying fruit ninja ; no damage at all .
like other reviews have said , unless you have a windshield that is straight up and down like those in a box truck or jeep , the angle will not allow you easy access to you phone , it will be angled down towards you dash .
plus you get one piece of grit on it and it will scratch your screen .
this allows me to work sitting at my desk or standing at a workstation .
however , i do not care because this case provides enough protection that i just slip the phone into my pocket .
sound is clear , range is great and volume is pretty solid . paired with my phone and computer easily enough , though i did run into issues with the laptop using a generic bluetooth receiver .
i bought this for my wifes g1 , turns out that the g1 does not support the a2dp protocol .
today i discovered that after only a few months of very occasional use , it has stopped transmitting data at all .
if anything goes wrong with this adapter i 'll update my review , but for now i can confidently say it works great .
my wife got the plantronics discovery 925 for me for christmas and i 'm here to tell you .
if i were buying a new headset i would probably get the 520 .
very handy for on the go or when unable to use a plug .
i could not get the light to stop blinking blue and it has to be purple to pair .
on my wife 's phone she has to train each contact she wants to voice dial .
i like it because i have ( 4 ) bluetooths and they all fit conveniently in this case .
waste of time and money . this is an additional review to the item .
this is a great , inexpensive case for iphone 3gs . i bought this after a lot of research on amazon . com .
i also like that it protects my screen in the closed position .
while it does n 't necessarily do as well at blocking out background noise , i would rather find a quieter spot to talk than wear something that hurts .
better fit . sound is great , easy to use .
yeah it 's a sim card and well my phone does n 't have 3g so i do n 't really care that it works with 3g because it does n 't matter . i do n 't know why they want reviews on sim cards .
small little charger , works as advertised , i 've used it daily for 6 months with no problems .
it does n 't have a lot of range ( 40 feet at most line of sight ) but that 's not my concern . only downsides are no user replaceable battery and it only charges with usb .
maybe i have sensitive ears , but that 's my take .
since my phone is plugged into the dc plug in my car , any time i drive , it recharges the phone .
this headset was purchased to replace a jabra bt8040 . the goal was to get a headset in which 1 ) people could hear me clearly and 2 ) i could hear them clearly .
strap stays on the cord so you can change from mini to micro without losing it .
two reasons ( 1 ) it charges seemingly as fast a the factory wall charger from samsung ; and ( 2 ) it is very well built .
not only do you then have the 34 ; old way 34 ; to fall back on if you need to actually write anything down ) or have someone write something down for you ( , but you add a perfect layer of weightless scratch proof protection to your ever so fragile nexus 4 screen . for less than what you might pay for the 'official' bumper . . . . no brainer .
i would agree with reviewers that rate this speaker phone 1 or 2 stars .
this headset has no mic and the sound quality is very average however for the price it 's not a bad deal .
i purchased this product based on a cnet recommendation .
solution just pull the plug out a wee bit ( about 2mm ) the points will make perfect contact .
i loved everthing about this headset until it stopped working less than 3 weeks after i received it .
in fact , the button on the side only seems to open the bracket if you have it rotated 90 degrees to the left ( as in landscape , with the button pointing up ) . i took it apart and realized that this is because there is an assortment of rather cheap gears which rely on gravity to allow the button to only work in one direction .
just spend a little time getting the fit right and read the manual about how to adjust the ear loop which makes a huge difference . ( functionally the product paired with my cingular hermes 8525 phone perfectly sound quality is fine ) .
by moving the ear pieces around a bit , i can get it everything to fit okay though .
had no issues loved this charger worked great and lasted a beating i gave it and charged my phone quicker then regular chargers
the plug fits and it charges my captivate , it felt rather snug .
i looked at many cases from a few dollars to 50 bucks and chose this because oif the reviews and low costthis case is pliable and easily forms over the phone , with a tight fit . .
he says in normal lighting it darkens the screen slightly so no one on the sides can see what is on his screen .
read reviews from others before purchasing . as noted in other reviews , it is a little loose on the 3gs , but it serves my intended purpose of protecting it from scratches ( edges back ) . also noted in other reviews , it does collect lint and dust , but i blow it off or do a quick swipe with a small brush .
a worse pain than option 3 . you do get a working mic though . this item , option 1 2 , are the lightest weight , and smallest .
while this did n 't cover too much of it , the poor construction would n 't allow the case to actually snap closed around the phone .
both have the cheek problem ! now for the problem where people cannot hear you , or you sound muffled or away from the phone .
you do not need to direct wire , but it is easy and in both my vehicles they are directly wired .
it will only take most cell phones a few seconds to pair up with whatever phone you have that have bluetooth technology .
really slick design for how to apply without getting your fingerprints on it , neat o .
did n 't fit my iphone 5c in the lifeproof at least not without way too much pushing and pulling . like all maxpedition gear i 've gotten , it looked great and i 'm betting it 's as bomb proof as the rest of the line . . . . did n 't work for me . . . but if it does for you it 's a good deal .
not too tight and not too loose . 3 . design well executed !
otherwise , it 's very lightweight , and the noise cancellation feature makes for good phone communication ( i once had an entire conversation with someone while driving with the window open , and nothing was commented by the recipient on the other end ) .
the sound and fit is wonderful compared to the jensen bluthooth set i 'm replacing .
about 5 seconds after you turn it on there is an audio status of the battery life so you always know if the device is charged .
i bought two unit to extend my listening joy !
this is the first external battery of this size that i have used so this may be normal .
power support has been the only brand able to deliver on my ocd high performance perfection expectations .
my water sport activities are on hold for the winter , so i put the otterbox in a bucket of water , set a brick on it and walked away for a half hour or so , dry as desert sand inside upon retrieving .
ok , so these bad boys sound pretty good , but the construction is a bit rigid so it does n 't really conform to your head ear .
and with the long cord there are no more cords running all over the floor of the car .
people have remarked on how much better they can hear me since i upgraded from my old plantronics headset , and i 'm able to hear them more clearly , as well .
i 've had these pricey earphones for almost a year now , and they just ( overused word ) amaze !
they are very efficient and highly sensitive for calls especially .
they are relatively comfortable , although i would definitely prefer an ear bud .
for less than $ 0 . 20 a piece you can afford to screw up a lot .
though a little slippery to hold .
when i had my 3gs i would always go through screen protectors .
it 's not trivial to set it all up and get it mounted . my iphone also barks that it 's not a supported device , so i keep having to dismiss the messages every time i plug in my iphone .
so i wanted something which is compact , easy to use , horizontal .
i love not having a wire connecting to my phone when i am working out .
the battery works exactly as advertised it recharged my iphone completely from an empty state .
inside material is soft . material feels like leather plastic but appears to be very strong . stitching looks to be 100 legit , which means you can see it both inside and outside .
people on the other end just know that i am talking on a landline phone until i tell them that i am on a bluetooth wireless headset and they are astounded .
this charger arrived promptly and it works as advertised ! the dc 4 is a rapid charger so ur battery will heat up a bit but nothing to worry about ! also , the charger is a snug fit , but not as tight as another reviewer reported , maybe they had a defective unit ? . mine fit nicely with no bfroken parts . very recommended !
everyone in the car can talk on it including the kids in the back seat .
same deal . . better quality than the s9 's but after sweating into them a few times , the volume keys went kaput again .
for those times where i can live with a wired headset ( which is most of the time ) i use this one .
as a plus it has a laser pointer and led light built in .
the only draw back is it left a ton of wiring all over the place as my earbuds have a long cord to begin with and the hands free is almost as long .
it 's nice and study , definitely good quality .
however , definitely does not work like a new battery .
it took a long time to get here , though .
but i am not happy with motorola .
only thing i did not like at the time was that it tend to be slow and the picture quality from the camera was very poor .
always good to have an extra charger around .
this thing worked initially , but it gradually started to smell like a small electrical fire .
my only negative is the small power on switch .
i 'm not sure about other phones , but for the sprint htc mogul ppc 680 the sound does n 't come through to the 3 . 5mm jack .
and by that it was not in the box properly , it was missing the manual and the box was ratty .
. . . and the light even blinks when the battery is fully charged .
none of my devices got hot after charging .
the mic pick up my voice quite well even with that small hole away from mouth .
it 's been a few years now since i had this bluetooth headset , but out of the many that i 've used , this was by far my favorite .
i ordered one from at t ; , but they do n 't send the same charger that comes with the phone ( moon logic ) , and the one they do sell causes my touch screen to complete freak out when i try to use the phone while plugged in .
item arrived in great time and was in perfect condition .
these things works perfect and who would want to pay the rip off prices in stand alone stores compared to here ? ! g
the usb cables work for charging but when plugged to my laptop it does n 't allow me to use the phone , it 'll charge but when i try to use any app on the phone it just bounces around the screen .
80 less than the cost of the same product in the local at t ; store . j
those people who said it comes off the belt clip easily must have been placing it facing out , but it 's supposed to be facing inward .
great solution and could not be happier to get a samsung branded battery at a fraction of what my carrier was charging ! )
i bought the battery before a week long business trip to keep my phone from dying . it charges like a regular wall charger , not slower in any way . the battery itself lasts days before it needs charging . i love that i 'm not forced to carry around an extra cable to charge the battery .
it is available from samsung for 5 . 95 i believe .
my only beef with it is that the 5000mah rating may not be accurate .
this product is a great replacement battery for the phone .
the blackberry does come with the ac adapter and usb charging syncing cable . . . but i wanted to use my older accessories without having to buy new ones .
clean up is a breeze , i simply rinse it and replace the screen protector .
outside in even mildly breezy conditions it is unusable .
got plenty of shields for great price , grids make it easy to cut in measure , stick great , last about 3 4 months depending on how you take care of your device
they keep falling out . the result is that this product leaves you with a bad taste .
when i bought these , i thought they 'd fast charge a samsung galaxy note 2 , but they do n 't .
there is a little static and the wind reduction is not the best , but it works great otherwise .
would be easier to differentiate between power button area on top and charge hole on bottom when dark , etc . volume buttons need to be a bit more pronounced almost too flush . not worried about openings being exposed . . . i completely understood that this was not an otterbox type case .
the problem is that it is nearly impossible not to touch a nearby key on the keyboard and that slows one down considerably .
the unit charges by utilizing the two copper connectors on the back of your blackberry and avoids having to put the mini din connector in and out of the phone ( which over time will possibly wreck this port ) this is a worthwhile investment if you charge your phone everyday or frequently .
works for evo ; i bought extras to leave at office . wish they made one with 6 cable . . . .
the only beef i have is that obscene motorola logo .
it fits me pretty well , does n 't fall out , has good audio for hearing , and i have consistently gotten good audio reports from the people i talk to . a few nits .
the keys and trackball are perfectly useable through the plastic cover just as they were without it .
to summarize , it 's a great concept ( i love how it turns off automatically if anyone touches it ) but it is way too overpriced in my opinion , especially without the inclusion of some other tips .
until then i just make sure the iphone is fully charged before plugging it into the tv . update 2 25 12 it still connects great to the iphone and we did find a cord to plug into it .
no air bubbles if you know how to apply these right .
i suspect that it 's more a problem with my phone than with the headset . . . i only wish that the phone would come with a charger for the car as this is where i ( and perhaps most people ) will use the headset .
your devide just rests in the cradle , which is very well designed to hold it but other products more expensive and larger clip on so you can rest the devide your chest to watch a video in bed .
these cables work as advertised , but they break with almost no effort at all .
we now have 2 t505 with the 2nd one intended for use with connecting our bluetooth enabled phones with the home stereo .
i have this charging set and four tips ( kindle , ipaq , creative , and motorola ) and did n 't spend any more than i would have buying car chargers for all those devices , in fact i spent less . the tips and charging heads all fit on very securely .
when asking it to dial a name , it chooses one that best matches ( always wrong with 1500 names in database ) and dials immediately .
you have to press the camera button a little harder to start the function . a necessity for such an expensive phone , the silicone case does make this phone a bit more bulky .
you cannot determine if they are from the manufacturers or black market .
recharged iphone and still had double the power left .
great holster , so far has been solid and the auto shutoff function has worked consistently .
we bought the plantronics cs 55 wireless headset over three years ago for use in our small business and it was one of the best purchases we have made .
it is more comfortable for me to wear , but inferior regarding its functionality .
i love that it has two ports .
i finally figured out that removing and replacing the foam pieces after cleaning them was a cinch . i highly recommend this b t stereo headset from motorola .
the usa gear mount would not hold the phone with my ionic guardian case and mountek sat too far away for me to be able to see the screen clearly since i use it as a gps ( although i really like that one as it was very sturdy ) . however , this one is great !
it also has a much more substantial clip that fits around your ear that is less likely to break ( like my last bluetooth ) . looks pretty sharp too .
does n 't have a space for your headphones though , and the clip is a little weak , but all in all , it 's a great deal .
twelvesouth is not a company you want to do business with they do not make quality products and they do not stand behind them .
as the reviews say there is a design flaw .
this was the best case i have ever used . . .
there are sometimes watermarks or bubbles under the screen .
i bought this charger from the seller obd innovations and i actually received this on the 23rd of april but i was waiting to write my review and try it out for a couple of days .
i love that it fits in a coat pocket .
it arrived in timely fashion and in perfect shape !
i guess pushing this much current requires a lot of circuitry because it 's a bit heavy and bulky .
i tried getting a magic jack , but of course that does n 't support pulse dialing either .
audio quality is normal , the end jacks and bigger that what they show in the picture , i wish they would change that .
both well protected in the case now ok to put in the pocket . )
needed a replacement for my old charger .
this might be the best headset i 've ever owned , lives up to all the reviews and hype .
i am happy with this choice and the price of $ 1 . 20 each .
couple of things that could be better . 1 ) it is a bit thick near the charger location , so it can keep your phone from plugging in properly . 2 ) it tends to accumulate dust , so you have to wipe it off regularly .
the packaging and instructions were awesome .
i 've been so disappointed in my laptop 's download performance for months even though the signal quality was listed as excellent . it took forever to bring up a website .
oem blackberry charging pod works great , wish it worked with a case on the phone but it was n 't advertised to do so . . . i ca n 't complain !
do n 't have access to a decent sound system , so wanted to be able to pipe some mp3s through the clunky boom boxes that are available , without having to lug around a cd case .
i use this unlocked phone with cingular in the los angeles area . the good 1 ) small and cool looking .
this case will not protect my iphone 5 from anything , let alone a fall ; and the feel is downright off putting .
i am expecting something with more natural feel on it and not the one with shining look .
i bought 2 of these headsets ( one for me and one for the girlfriend ) on recommendation by my cingular sales guy .
been using it the last couple of months ; ever since california instituted its hands free law on july 1 , 2008 . has been working pretty well overall .
it is probably only about 2ft . 2 . i can only use the cable by plugging it into a computer usb port .
the cable i received was a genuine samsung data charging cable and the exact same one that came with my sprint moment cell phone .
performance is still good though . it does sit a little precariously on my ear , it 's just a light wrap around my ear , so if i lean over too much , there is a danger it can fall off .
the cable came in very handy for travel , but i ended up buying a case for my i phone that had an extended life battery built in and required a micro usb plug , so i only used this device for a few weeks .
anyone not using the outter box ca n 't go wrong with this case .
the charger is also built well and will last a long time in normal use of connecting and disconnecting .
it has a very durable build .
i have moderate size ear lobes and it feels ok over my ear but takes time to adjust to feel comfortable .
light . but the earpiece is a piece of crap .
it charges my cell phone quickly , and does not heat up .
this was a straight forward and easy install .
works great on kindle and all t mobile phones with out any problems . .
this headset is actually not a bad deal but it is not a great deal either .
i plugged in my nexus 4 using these cables , and the charging notification flickers , suggesting that it was constantly losing connection and reconnecting .
instead , within minutes of searching for a cover , i found this one , which is exactly what i wish i had been savvy enough to purchase from the beginning . i 'm a fan of silicone for kitchen utensils , and based on that experience , i am confident that this case will not break if i drop my phone , and provide much better cushioning protection than cases of metal or cloth .
unfortunately i could n 't get it to fit with any of the cases that i have .
i would say the only downside to these is that they are a tad bulky somewhat resembling earmuffs .
just what i needed , to run the cord to my gps mounted in my car .
it 's neither too slippery or too tacky .
there are lots out there and this one works fine !
even with the brightness turned all the way up you can barely see the screen , this is the only drawback to this protector otherwise looks and works great inside and at night .
unfortunately this device ca n 't provide sufficient power to charge 2 at once .
it 's also invaluable for plane travel , as it allows me to stand my phone on my tray table .
i needed something rugged to fit my galaxy note 3 seeing that i am a residential contractor , i need reliability and safety for my very expensive phone .
we only live four miles form the sprint pcs tower , but our home was built in the 1930 's and has very thick , solid walls , and the tower is blocked by large trees that surround our home . i still need to tweak the system i put in , but now we have a solid three to six bars signal throughout our home and we have n 't lost a call since installing the system .
i was so happy to get the screen protectors for my phone and the cleaning cloth was a good addition
need to keep any devices within a 2 3 foot radius of the repeater and the antenna needs some distance . but , it works as advertised , and i will be using in the car for trips and the occasional service failure at home .
after a very brief use it appears that if you pull on both lines at the same time , with just the right amount of force and distance , that the retractor will catch and you will have just the amount of line distance you need and you can use your hands to plug it in .
when used with one phone it gives u great connection and call quality .
decent but not great call quality .
also the insert comes off very easily , and if a friend wants to borrow it and has different size of ears , you need to find the other sizes of the insert .
the battery pack is small enough to carry around in a purse or laptop case and charges every apple and bluetooth device i own and a lot of devices i do n 't .
there are cheaper alternatives on amazon but i cannot vouch for their effectiveness .
i have had this battery pack for two years now and it works perfectly ! i used it last christmas while snowboarding to charge my phone , i listened to music all the time .
it 's a great option for those who struggle with the touchscreen ; however , for most , including me , using fingertips is better . debbie lee wesselmann
i thought it would be nice to have a stylus to use .
the only thing i would say that would make this better than they already are is if they would announce calls as my bt phone headset did .
it was useless , but the price was so low at $ 1 . 76 , so it was not worth the try to the post office .
but will keep this short and sweet cord contains lead and must be handled regularly in a car where there is nowhere to clean your hands after touching the thing . sound quality quickly goes downhill with crackling evident after only 5 uses . now stuck in my dashboard player because the modular adapter broke off and the cassette will not fully eject .
if i have a very wear signal of one bar , i might end up with two .
this cable is better than original .
when i 'm driving in my car , it filters out all of the noise that other headsets do not .
i have owned 3 plantronics headsets and i liked all of them .
this usb earpiece works better than the blue tooth that i had the reception is clear and very loud ( much better than the cell phone itself of the previous blue tooth ) on the other end , the people that i 've called said it was loud and clear .
the only bad side is since the phone is big and when you clip it on your belt , the clip snaps off its place when you sit down . 2 occasions my phone fell on a taxi seat because the clip detached it self from the case .
it does charge while the phone is on .
the button simply would n 't work for that functionality .
it * did * fit well on my iphone 5c , so i 'll give it that .
useful item to have if your phone port is on the side of your phone . i was sick of not being able to rest my phone ( htc evo v ( evo 3d ) ) in its otterbox case to use it as a kickstand with the power plug in .
single ear bt is out of control some times , you may hear nothing when you walking on the busy street or windy days .
the tip is dirty looking and it takes more pressure to get it to respond it also leaves many more smears on the screen then my fingers do .
bought the product to use with my hp touchpad .
just like my car , the bluetooth attaches seamlessly each time i come home or step into my office .
nice no longer having to take one cable back and forth .
a friend saw me wearing it and thought that i had purchased some cute earrings , she complemented me on my taste then realized it was my headset .
the fit was very tight at first , but i stuffed an oversized block in the holster to stretch it out a little .
i found it to be well designed , slim yet rugged enough for the everyday use my phone endures .
this review is my honest opinion . as i have mentioned in a previous review , these power inverters are not new and have been around for many years .
this case will help with that a lot .
it sounded perfect and then it went kaput .
basically fell apart and stopped working .
plus it makes the qwerty keyboard that much easier to use so you are n 't fat fingering your emails , texts , etc . i only have 2 complaints that i can even think of off the top of my head ( after 3 months of owning it now ) , which is 1 . apparently there is a software glitch and my phone has been restoring the default wallpapers shortcuts randomly .
it took a moment to get everything lined up , but even when used with my hard case , they protect all of the exposed areas that the case does not .
i used them on my g shock band , and they worked and did n 't strip , so i was pleased .
for the price you cannot expect high quality .
i highly recommend this for anyone using a cordless home phone .
the earpiece design is a little weird , but works well , you have to trust it .
do not use this though if your phone is still under warranty cuz us cellular said it voided my warranty , but us cellular is the worst cell phone carrier out there .
my other cord for my phone broke , and would n 't charge the phone , so i needed a quick replacement .
i gave this 3 stars because it does what it says , its nothing high end and does n 't promise miracles , but i wo n 't give it 5 stars because simply there 's a terrible delay from when my computer comes out of sleep mode and from the time it actually recognizes this hub on the com ports for the pc , on average its about 15 seconds .
not longer ! battery charge life is also poor .
is see thru though not solid like it looks , but that makes it look cool too .
when you plug in the charger cord , about 4 6 seconds the light will come on orange or green . 6 hours of playback time is what i am getting .
screen feels fine and they fit .
it has incredible hold for as much weight as the magnet will support .
this holds my 5'5 34 ; note 2 as well as my wife 's iphone 4 . do n 't have to buy different holder for different phone .
i bought these when they were being sold at $ 2 . 00 , unfortunately they have increased the price of these earphones .
works as good as the original power charger that i received from at t for my samsung captivate phone .
now the case sits in my desk drawer .
i 'm never out on the road without a fully charged battery in my pocket or in my truck .
there is so much extra cable , it 's silly .
just recived my screen protectors and there amazing .
this charger works great with my droid x , the cord is quite long which is a definite plus for me , aaa
it sucks that i dropped . . . on 3 of them only to go back to the flimsier griffin clip with no protective shell .
i kind of wished it to be clear on the back too rather than the frosting ( which make a good design ) because my blue htc still somewhat hides in it .
i have the samsung galaxy s5 . this case fits perfectly although the color is lighter than pictured it looks nice and helps a lot with grip !
i want to get it in other colors .
i bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity .
the included charging cable works great and i normally charge it from my laptop while working at the office .
bluetooth was easy to setup and no complains to date .
i bought this because i needed a phone to work in israel .
i do a lot of freeway driving and i 've tried 2 of these speaker phones with mytreo and the noise cancellation feature is poor .
when that happens , my phone will charge only if i hold the cable to the phone and everything is aligned perfectly .
i was fine not having a power adapter to charge it due to the price , but it would have been nice to include .
the other ones would stop sending packets in the middle of a trasfer .
first off , you will find yourself having to buy a new case every two months as the velcro closure simply wears out .
i wish is would come in more colors .
there is a slight quality and reception improvement but no visible bar improvement .
my car only charges when it is running so i bought one of these for camping to charge my cell phone .
so it 's basically a diff design than apple charger , but the color is the same and it is better .
not the best bluetooth with an iphone .
the whole process took about 1 . 5 hours because we had to mount one part outside and run the cable into the house to the internal part .
i frequently travel internationally and need short term access to international roaming , which my old cell provider did not offer and my new one charges a monthly fee for .
second , it can become uncomfortable after prolonged use .
i enjoy it greatly and my ipod fits in in perfectly
in looking for a car charger for the new evo in our household , a friend recommended this one .
i have an otterbox and the screen protector that came with it lasted a whole year .
i just wish they offered colors other than white and black that were more sophisticated . i would definitely buy this again , just in a different color .
for me signal was more important that a silver case an an external screen but if you like those things the i730 is a decent phone to use .
this one sets the bar pretty high .
returned it as soon as i opened the packaging !
you can turn it on and talk through it ( while it is in the dock ) and have the tv as the output .
this inexpensive replacement charger worked fine for my blackberry curve 8330 . i never had any problem with it .
wish it was magnetized but it 's sturdy has the common pieces i need when i 'm working on smaller items or electronics .
works well , and keeps an extra fully charged battery available at all times .
what happens is the microusb connector does n 't make good contact and we have to wiggle and finagle the cable to get it to work and even then it only works for a few seconds , until you hit a bump and the cable vibrates and loses its connection .
it does what it 's supposed to do .
nothing got stuck in the sockets as mentions by other reviews .
sometimes these break easily , but for the price you pay , and the luxury you get with the extra long space , who cares .
he just wants something that 'll charge his phone , is compact , and made by a reputable company .
of course it makes the phone very long but this is really apples fault for not making a removable battery .
i can be moving 20 mph on my bicycle , talking to someone , with no problems .
for the newer version of the same phone the i920 instead of the i910 . anyway having spare cables to tether my comptuer to the verizon evdo dedicated to the case of the computer where it will be used is a very good thing and that 's where i was coming from .
it seems to give ok protectioni think the incipio case gives better protection , looks much more sophisticated and is n 't appreciably thicker .
later will try and purchase more colors .
while on vacation , i tend to have my new trent in a cargo pocket on my shorts while it charges my phone in my other pocket , requiring a longer cable , which can be accomplished by the usb output and my standard cable .
ocassionally , it would seem to connect , but when i attempted an outgoing call , it would disconnect . i also had trouble hearing the unit while driving .
this little movement was not very noticable or bothersome .
after 9 months of using the jawboneii , i have to give it a middling score overall .
i contacted the seller , and advised of the situation , the seller was very helpful in providing assistance , and options including refund .
on an overseas trip my friend used it more than i did to charge his blackberry . it is a bit sensitive to movement .
batteries lose capacity the longer that they have been stored .
i wired this in a ground up restoration to move these charging ports to a behind the seat area in a pick up .
works easily and has great sound , but can be a little cumbersome and uncomfortable with long use .
she was impressed when she discovered the multimedia experience and web browsing it has .
these things are just a confidence trick .
the battery life has been more than adequate for my very light usage .
and when you get a call while wearing it , just hit the easy to find button to answer and again to hang up .
this is not a cheap device .
these screen protectors are always hit or miss .
however , i tried this in two locations and found no change at all to either my cellular or my wii fi .
the moto v600 is a much better phone , takes better pictures , gives you better clarity and reception , is smaller , and is much , much cheaper .
and of course gps is nize .
bought this item as part of a package and i must say it 's a bit weird and takes a long time to charge batteries .
wow , for the price it 's a really good cable .
i gave the product more than one star only because it will charge the tablet , albeit over a long period of time of non use . * * * update * * * i just noticed the product description says for apple iphone , ipod sync data or charging . i honestly ca n 't recall if the description mentioned ipad compatibility when i purchased it some time ago , but perhaps this cable works better for the smaller devices .
read somewhere where they suggested getting jafra ear pieces , so will try those and a few others until i get the right fit . noise shield seems to do the job sometimes but not always .
definitely a 34 ; get what you pay for 34 ; kind of thing .
i have used it with a samsung galaxy tab 2 . 0 and a samsung focus .
my last two phones i had to make a custom 3d printed holder because no one made one .
some cases just have the belt clip , this one has the hoops too !
i then pushed even harder and tried to draw , and the stupid stylus scratched my screen .
the plug head is massive , and unsightly .
so it was a great deal and a great value .
i purchased this headset to use with my cell phone .
i have probably had 6 bluetooth headsets in the last 3 4 years .
and do n 't get me wrong it works great , it slides across the screen nicely without leaving smudges or marks , but the mesh cover over the tip comes apart or will rip over time , i have purchased 3 over a matter of a few months and finally upgraded to a wacom .
my experience may be atypical , but the battery on this headset stopped recharging after 6 months .
i do n 't remember reading the actual length but they are only 2 feet long .
i received them and charged them fully and let the phone sit w o usage overnight .
it is n 't a wallet by any means !
useless after that since it wo n 't stay closed .
also , the zipper closure is very tight to the point of being almost impossible to open and close .
which makes me twitch because i 'm not expecting a ring blasting thru my ear . i hate wind noise .
important update i see now that amazon is listing this at $ 80 . i would never pay $ 80 for a headset this gaudy unless i was a new orleans saints fan .
the s9 came with only 3 , and 2 of the 3 are almost identical .
it is not uncomfortable but actually painful ! sound quality ?
i would still recommend them for use with theapple ipod touch 32 gb ( 4th generation ) newest model .
this is a good cheap replacement for a charging cable , or a data transferring cable when transferring files to a laptop or computer .
if you have one of those seido cases that wraps around the iphone , this screen has to be installed exactly perfectly or you 'll have bubbles along the edges .
very easy to program and access and i give it 5 of 5 stars , oh and the price at amazon compared to other company
the battery charges my motorola droid in about 1 . 5 hours .
we bought two of these based on reviews .
i was worried about the price and it being a tpu and all .
it is loud and clear enough to have a conference call in a small room full of people . 4 ) comes with more than basic ring tones .
also the slick outer sheen is pretty easy to clean off when stuff gets on it , however its somewhat easy to leave indent marks scratches on if left in a purse with pens or anything sharp . one thing i hadnt noticed from the sellers page was that this case is held together by a snap .
couldnt be that much harder to add it .
easy to get the phone in and out of if you need to .
it will certainly protect my samsung galaxy s5 . arrived quickly , and item is as described .
you can even use a screen cleaner made for flatscreens to clean the side facing you . be forewarned if you keep your blackberry in your pocket or purse without a case , the screen will eventually get scratched and murky .
however , i am pretty careful extending and retracting . the amzer logo label fell off , but it does n 't bother me .
i did hunt around and downloads the drivers , the phone then shows up as removable f . . . sometimes . . . . but not in windows media player and i could not get any music to transfer , i kept getting i o device error . by the same token i got a z9 and was able to easily connect and transfer using wmp . i bought a reader writer , and i was able to finally get music onto the shine .
the first item on my list is always a silicone skin and this item is no exception .
maybe there 's a trick to it .
it has a professional look to it and saves the battery .
all you can do is tap with it . it 's not even worth $ 1 . just spend $ 10 on a real stylus that actually slides on the screen with minimal friction .
i got it mainly because it comes with a belt clip , and the gs5 is a pretty big phone to carry in your pocket , especially as the days get warmer . it seems to attract and hold dust a lot .
they worked fine for 30 minutes .
just an fyi if you do n 't currently use a holster , you might want to check your message alert settings if you use the otterbox holster .
works fine , and cheap too . takes a while to finish charging , but about the same as the original charger .
but life is definitely restored compared to my original 2 year old battery .
even the usb logo is on the opposite side of one plug .
this has no reflection on amazon .
i always have to use a separate light source to accomplish my goal , but i risk waking up my hubby when i do that .
this samsung replacement usb cable is n 't the best you can buy , but it does do the job .
makes your bluetooth like new again .
overall the range and sound quality are very acceptable .
it charges way too slow to the point that i cannot run my phones gps on it and keep the current charge , so how can it possibly charge the phone when the phone is in use ?
it 's very stiff so it 's almost a hard case , but is still flexible .
i bought the following case through amazon which works out quite well .
i admit , i was turned off at first by the size and shape , but was easily won over by the quality of the sound and the comfort .
i think its nimh not lithium ion because it takes a few hours to charge , but it 'll definitely boost battery life on days you really need it . overall worth the eight dollars or whatever
even better is that it doesnt weigh anything .
this is one stylus i order again and again !
i love the mute feature too ; most bt head sets do n 't have this . the ear insert is the only thing i worry about down the road .
the film is so easy to apply it 's not even funny .
i spent a good bit of time reading amazon reviews about treo cases .
also , if you plug it into an ipad ( 1st gen ) the ipad says 34 ; not charging 34 ; , but it really is charging , just very very slowly .
this case is more convenient for daily use since it is lightweight , and offers good protection .
and as always , one of the best bluetooth implementations available . and yet . . .
i bought this to charge my phone in the car .
there are a number of design decisions that they made that were just ingenious .
only problem is that it is twice as thick and so the phone is not comfortable to carry any more .
there 's not much to them , they look and act like the original one 's .
seems to be working so far . if sennheiser would just come out with a model that fixed that one fairly glaring problem , these would be a great value headset .
it did a fine job with my at t ; tilt phone and my ipod . before you invest in this or any other standalone usb charger , you should make sure that your device will charge via usb cable alone .
we have a cordless house phone with 3 extensions , and two cell phones .
discount , which came out to $ 90 . if i had know amazon carried it , i would of purchased through amazon and saved about $ 7 on tax . i paired it with my lg voyager and it works fine and it even works all the way across the gym .
but if you already have a cordless phone and just want the hands free headset ( which i love ) , you can buy that separately , so you might not need this entire package .
and you can turn off the led light by holding down the blue ant button for 5 6 seconds . after my wife 's headset dies ( or gets lost ) i 'll buy her this one so i can hear her better .
when they came out with the 7100 series it was a joke .
a very good car charger for your phones , charged my phone pretty quickly and quite affordable , i recommend it to anyone to have as a back up to your charger .
the integrated usb and micro usb cords are one of the best features on any mobile battery , and i do not know why it has not been implemented on many more of these devices .
there are sites that tell you how to hack the phone , but it 's not worth the time and risk of ruining the phone . the pluses very thin , no antenna , sleek designcons horrible user interface , very few options to change the appearance , many of the phone 's functionality has been disabled by verizonconclusion buy something else .
this is an excellent additional power source especially when you do n 't have time to wait on a plug in to recharge your phone .
for this reason comfort and battery life are paramount .
i have an invisible shield on the device so i do n 't need a case for protection but i still wanted to keep my zune on my hip .
cannot see this cover protecting the product from anything other than a drop onto a soft pillow .
a few of the critical buttons are placed more intuitively . initial setup went pretty smoothly , so far , it seamlessly upgraded my old treo 600 software and imported all my contacts and calendar as well as almost all my applications .
its definately loud and the graphics are pretty . . . i will admit that it isnt always the smoothest as it transiitons from menu to menu .
i do not like those short , usb cables that forces you to contort around your bed or chair just so you can read what 's on your phone while it 's charging . this charger , with its micro usb plug , works beautifully with my nexus 4 . it charges at a pretty fast rate and it 's long enough so that i can be sitting comfortable at my chair or couch .
the sound is clear with minimal distortion , except at times there are loud cracks , or breaks in the music which can be annoying .
i bought this case as a temporary solution until otterbox comes out with a case ( in blue on july 14th ) . once i get a better case , i will be putting this case in a drawer . edit 9 28 13the case has completely fallen apart .
the ports do n 't align right and tolerance is loose .
i work in a cubicle environment which can get noisy , so i often listen to music .
i use it almost every day charges my phone quickly .
i seen all the other reviews and so i was careful with buying these from importer520 . all of them worked ( for charging and syncing ) , but 1 of 3 was a little stubborn in pulling off of my iphone .
i have just recived it and it works very good it has a strange smell but other then that you should enjoy this fast chargeing charger
he has a motorola droid 2 , and i have a htc thunderbolt . .
it is n 't real sturdy and might not be good for everyday use
the protection is excellent but the silicone attracts dust like crazy .
i put this sticky pad on top of a cup holder cover i have on my honda accord 2010 . i tend to put ipods or my cellphone there and whenever the car moves it slides out and falls to the car 's floor .
i got this headset when socom came out n still have it to this day .
i fully charged my iphone 4s and still had plenty of battery left .
i bought two of these and within the month the head had come loose from the wire cover exposing the wires .
it arrived within a couple of days and was in even better physical condition than described .
i am not sure what i was expecting when i bought it , i guess i thought it would convert the backside into looking like it was metal , but it 's got shiny clear plastic around the edges and it kind of ruins the effect .
i was driving my diesel suv on the highway with a ton of ambient noise and i called a geek friend .
this could have been an excellent case .
but hey , for this price , it 's still pretty good !
also i noticed that the hum diminishes significa n 'tly , when i walk farther away from the base unit . overall , not bad .
audio quality is good as well as the mic .
it works , better price than anywhere , most stores want eleven bucks for this .
as i 'm using this primarily for listening to music , i 'm glad i got these .
the ability to leave my mp3 music ( cell phone ) in my gym bag and get a serious workout without disruption is worth the price along .
this was the deal breaker for me because i am always talking on the headset .
what i did n 't like was , after about 5 months , i took the case off and the material ripped in the bottom right corner .
other then that i love it and it works and sounds great . also i like that it does n 't look like i have a huge device attached to my ear it just sits rt inside instead of covering around the entire ear .
this is just a regular and working micro usb cable .
the case is sleek to the touch and the eye , it has just the right amount of space to phone the phone tightly without it being bound so much it difficult to pull out when you 're in a hurry
and it arrived days before the early estimate .
they said it sounded like i was miles away .
it also indicates that is truly oem .
it does n 't get in the way stays attached . the only improvement i would suggest is a little pocket to carry an extra memory chip .
the caller on the other end did n 't notice that effect but the removal of background noise for them was no better than my favorite , the plantronics voyager 510 . the other big issue was the fit .
the static i used to get from the bt250 has not gone away especially when i have my phone in my left pocket of my pants and the headset on my right ear .
when a phone call comes in it transitions well .
not some fake motorola cons it does n 't taste all that good .
for example , despite the 925 being connected with the razr , i cannot hear the caller neither does the caller hear me .
perfect for protecting in your purse or backpack .
i bought this charger not for a motorola but for a dell venue pro ( just another micro usb device ) and it works perfectly , charges when in use , etc . . . the charger lights up blue when plugged in which i kinda like , if that sort of thing bugs you then do n 't get this charger , although the price is great and it does what it claims to .
although it works i do not reccomend it . karlac
* please rate if helpful * this cord is near 34 ; apple quality 34 ; but it 's obvious that it is not .
both cables are about 30 long and carried the part apcbu10bbe .
it kept my phone out of the sandy elements .
the clear plastic will blur the camera some i 've noticed ; you probably could cut out around the lens and get the clearness back without risking too much .
not really a comfortable product to wear .
so , when my home hub flaked out again , i decided to get a hub that i know works , and keeps on working , for use at home . the only drawback to the hub is the led 's on it .
have n 't tried it as a gps device yet , though .
it was submerged in a puddle for 30 minutes it keeeps working . the blue tooth syncs w my pc and tells me where to go etc .
it is not the standard type of suction cup where you simply press it against the windshield and hope it holds .
the reception is good and voices come in clear both ways .
as mentioned , the danger network is no longer available , therefore some of the features do n 't work .
i use this on my macbook so i can connect several items at the same time including a usb keyboard and optical mouse , my ipad and iphone , a webcam , an external hard drive and even a light o rama controller for my christmas lights .
it is exactly the same thing that came packaged in the box when you got your new blackberry . please be aware that this is for the newer micro usb , not mini usb , blackberry models .
my case is slightly dinged up on the corners bc of the drop on pavement , but the case did n 't crack at all .
it might have to do with the sim card that i have since it is a 3g card .
i 'm not so sure about its effectiveness especially if the phone happens to be dropped screen side down , but it certainly protects the back and sides from being scratched .
the sound is flat and lifeless and the volume controls do nothing .
first the battery arrived 3 days ahead of schedule .
for under 6 dollars what can go wrong ?
when in doubt , use these instead of a screwdriver it 'll save you a lot of grief . the tools are sturdy enough , though of course they are breakable since they 're plastic .
they put all their effort into creating a phone ( without a mouthpiece ) and added a really cheap headset onto it .
first one worked fine for about 3 months and then failed ( no charge , no data ) . switched charger and still no charge .
however , i do n 't drive at night very often , so i ca n 't say much about the light in that situation . this is an easy device that saves your ear from the annoyance of regular bluetooth headset .
however , with this charger my smartphone went from no charge ( after i left the wireless connection on and drained the battery overnight ) to a charge of about 50 percent after a 60 mile road trip .
the people i call can only hear rushing wind or background noise . another flaw is that the microphone hole is tough to get located near the mouth .
it does n 't . for pdas , i was able to use it on an old old old palm pilot .
perfect companion for my fuji j28 .
i last owned a pair of bluetooth a2dp headphones a few years ago they were a high end sony unit .
i decided to try these out because both the price and reviews are great .
this battery can charge my phone three times ( your mileage may vary ) and i 've also used it on flights for my ipad .
i like the rotating design that i can adjust the wire in long or short distance , once i pull the cable , it will rotate back automatically .
but overall , i 'm happy with my purchase . 6 months later i still use the juice pack air everyday .
if you 're not , this headset will probably damage your hearing until you no longer notice . secondly , the unit spontaneously stops working .
anyone that regularly uses an igo for more than one device would benefit from this being able to charge 2 at once .
for less than 15 bucks this case is a winner in every way .
i have a quiet car , but always found myself pressing a headset into my ear in order to hear conversations .
the buttons all work through the rubber without any trouble . ca n 't beat it at any price .
i got this particular device because it is slim and basically the size of another phone and has a ton of power for it 's size .
my earlobe turn red after wearing it for 1 hour .
i gave a review of one star based on the fact that a model i know does n 't work is in the supported list .
there is no open link option . when opening the phonebook , sometimes the phone gets freezed and it restarts itself ( maybe a flaw in my particular unit ) . when turning on the phone , i always get a message on the screen that an application could n 't be installed , but there is not details , i mean , the error wo n 't say what application is having the installation error nor a suggested solution for it .
not bad for something that costs slightly more than 10 smackeroos !
in a loud , dirty , construction environment , often lying on the ground , it 's the only thing i 've found that works .
actually , i do n 't even remove it from the lanyard when the phone rings ; goes right in .
what can i say , i needed another cable to hook my phone to my computer to download pictures , and received the cable and am in business loading down pictures
bluetooth reaches alot further than i thought it would and goes thru the walls at least at work .
they have everything but i mean everthing high quality apple product for your device . .
this charger works perfect and its a nice thing to have .
it does n 't solid stay in my ear even i used the largest loop .
that might not seem like a very ambitious goal , but considering the number of adapters like this that i 've tried from other manufacturers , it is harder than it sounds .
upside it seems to work , and it 's thin , and it does protect the passport against getting dirty from sweat .
for less than $ 10 , this is a steal .
probably a good deal if you just want a cheap throwaway headset to try that 's easy to operate .
this case fits the iphone perfectly , the only drawback is that it 's very hard to place in my pocket now .
i have this mounted to the visor of my suv .
the 510 voyager has the best audio clarity of them all and people tell me my voice sounds clear and strong .
sure beats having to carry the unnecessarily lengthy sync cable that comes with the device .
the text to speech voice dialing , which is really a function of the phone not the t505 , is ok ( i 'm using an lg env2 ) . i usually dial out on the phone , and receive calls using the t505 . the control layout is pretty good , and the indicator lights are actually useful .
for 30 bucks and from a reliable company you ca n 't go wrong .
if you believe in the adage 34 ; what gets measured , gets improved 34 ; this is the gadget for you .
i end up using the the volume control on the phone which is a bit easier and i can see where the level setting is at .
i use this charger on all types of batteries an have never had a problem .
i have yet to be able to charge a phone .
chances are you will have forgotten to turn the unit off and your caller will be live wherever you left your bluetooth headset within 30 feet .
it just works a lot better ! ! and it is made nicer .
best dock station i 've ever seen .
not withstanding that input , i can say i have n 't had in sub premium phones but still fell victim to inferior bluetooth devices .
if i step out with this headset ( paired with whatever kind of phone ) from a car or room , out to the street all the voice is gonna break up . .
top things i was looking for were sound quality , comfort , and battery life .
i set up the antennae first , stretched the cord a little over 8 foot away ( recommended for indoor use ) , and placed the booster next to my wirelessly connected laptop .
before i had to remove the skin but now with my own cutouts everything works .
you will need to do little things when you connect the sony adaptor , like already have the iphone on the ipod section and be prepared to stop the music initiated .
if you wear glasses most of the time like i do , this headset will not be comfortable for you .
they should have reinforced that one spot . it 's a shame as the sound was really top notch and i used to be able to connect them to my ipod and leave it in my bag , or connect to my pc via 'bluetooth advanced audio' and not disturb my wife while i 'm killing zombies in half life 2 .
remember not ot yank the cable out and it should last just fine . the main pro i find over this cable and non retractable cables is you just pull out the length you need , and no more dangling cables ! very highly recommend this as it works well .
these are horrible at reception , i could n 't even put my phone in my pocket without having spotty coverage . * * * * i own another bluetooth headset that i would recommend rocketfish rf mab2 $ 60 at bestbuy $ 35 on ebay .
the wilson electronics mobilepro consistently boosts me up to full strength at home . i held off on my review until i could find a full fledged , zero reception area which i found on my last ski trip on the way to the resort .
the screens fit my phone perfect !
it 's nice having the itorch in my purse as well so that i can just take out the cable and charge it while i 'm on the go , in meetings , at the mall , etc .
i do n 't plan on ever removing my wrap now . the wrap does not hinder my photography . as already mentioned , this wrap holds nothing but a camera .
i have to reset it by taking the battery out ; 5 . no zoom function with the build in camera ; ca n 't observe the picture from front small screen when taking photos with the phone closed ; 6 . no software ; just one java game come with the unit .
not much you can say about screen protectors really other than the fit and quality and these fit nicely and the quality seems just fine !
lots of static in the background on my end .
the laser and led flashlight are also excellent additions , great for presentations , etc .
trust me , this is the external battery you want for your iphone .
another very good phone charger that does the job and has a very affordable price that anyone can afford to buy it .
have n 't had to charge it once since my first charging session .
they all worked great . a friend of mine bought some no name brand from a big box store .
there were three screen protectors and they all had the same problem .
the postage was a little more than i expected but i blame amazon for not including individual postage quotes for each item on every order !
very happy with my order and the savings .
works with both my ipad and ipad2 flawlessly .
well made and durable and the price is right .
i wo n 't try to top the doc .
the tips them self are pricey but depending on your phone model
nokia has a solid winner here .
my previous one was stained by my jeans in a few weeks and had a bluish grey tint to it .
i purchased this at a steal and the seller shipped right away !
ca n 't wait to see the pre come out in an unlocked version d
i was going to get the eq 7 , but the thought of removing and reinserting batteries , discouraged me .
also , the people i talk to tell me they cannot hear me well .
the phone does n 't have all that much memory but i deleted all the predefined themes songs graphics ( or at least all the ones it lets you ) , and that gave me more than enough .
it 's easily one of the classiest , most beautiful cases i 've ever owned for a phone .
i have owned several bluetooth headsets ; this is by far the best .
i tried keeping it in a hammer pocket in my carpenter 's jeans and in some cargo pants , but it was too high to fit well into those pockets . i really like the concept of this thing , but it just did n 't do what i hoped it would .
it appears in the photo that these might be sturdy items to keep your flash thumb drives in one handy place .
they greatly improved the sound quality and you can illiminate the earloop altogether .
some people ca n 't believe i 'm using my cell pone . the only thing i do n 't like about this headset is the on off button can be difficult to press .
prefer the in ear like the sony hbh iv835 but i decided to keep this one instead as dsp might suck .
when i placed the glass , it stuck just fine on top and bottom but bowed a little in the center .
you are better off sticking it to a smoother surface like your windshield .
i like the idea but the execution is terrible .
an 11 hour drive to the next state .
and the speeds have been decent averaging about 1 . 5 mb . the problem i that this device constantly disconnects from the internet and you are forced to wait for it to re connect .
the other is a complete dud .
i had a cheap $ 12 mount that did is job , but broke twice .
i use it to charge my samsung galaxy ii s off my computer .
for example the razr . battery life is something of a challenge .
it did n 't fit properly in my 2013 sonata .
i have had a few of these ( broke them , totally my fault ) and i use them with the adapter for my android phone .
i do not have the strength in my hands to open my 2 piece phone cases .
the motorola design is much smarter .
when they are new they work very , very good , excellent sound quality .
i would not recommend this case to anyone !
i was a little frustrated that the price of this headset was as much as the at t 4 phone set i purchased , however , i was very pleased with it 's function once i received it .
i bought this for hubby who works in a restaurant so having a thin profile case ( to easily side in and out of the belt pouch ) was a must .
the scanner cable fits in the opposite half from the scanner and there is still room for some small accessories .
just do n 't expect this to stretch very far
considering i paid just $ 71 for it new , that seems like a rip off to me . on the other hand , the headset is very comfortable to wear for long periods of time , has excellent sound quality and volume on both ends , and holds a charge really well .
its just the usb cable and it works .
so slick that when you put your blackberry in and plug it up , you have no way of knowing for sure if the device has made contact with the two prongs ( see product image ) that allow it to recharge .
the wood design is pretty but once it stretches out my phone slides right out and its purpose is then null .
i use this to hold an iphone 5 with a case .
note i got it here for $ 39 . 95 .
afterwards we could get 2 or 3 bars , but had to stay fairly close to the base unit .
do n 't buy a defender case if you want small and sleek , it 's big , it 's bulky , but it 's also a tough case , i work in construction and it 's the case to depend on , i 've broken lifeproof cases but so far not an otterbox .
the headphones itself sat very comfortably on my head . the biggest con of this is that when i am listening to music on my phone , it will skip at times and if i walk away even just downstairs , it would skip like a broken casette tape .
the batteries were exactly as advertised , they were delivered in a normal timeframe , there were no issues or hiccups or drama with the vendor .
in most cases it wont work ! and the voice is breaking up . . . ( half duplex effect . . . . ) lol and the phone wasnt on the speakers . .
it stated that you should not pull on just one end of the line ( s ) at one time .
the real test for this case will be how well it stands up to daily wear .
overall it has pretty good sound quality .
when i first tried the unit i did n 't realize that there was a mute function on the control cord .
i have three cases ( two iphones ) and i would rate this behind a popular one on amazon . the case offer good protection , but the screen protector makes it difficult to view the phones apps in bright light .
the sound quality is good on both ends .
this has great sound for such a little device !
this does have a nice landyard and will keep your phone dry .
i stick the headset on the charger for a little while when i get home from work each day so i never have battery issues .
the cable is only about 3 feet long which is pretty short , but it works as advertised .
you have to push really hard .
the only real , albeit minor , issue is that you have to press a bit harder to press the buttons , which makes sense given that they are covered and protected with the same thick rubber as the rest of the phone .
it 's also very compact the photos on this site do a great job in showing this .
plus , at the time of purchase ( 5 25 11 ) , it was sold and shipped from amazon .
and i have not done any kind of comparison in time or strength of charge using touchstone vs usb . . .
i 've read some of the other reviews and in reading them i heard things like ( uncomfortable , dual bt devices working poorly , must have gaping hole in side of head to accommodate speakers ) . let me just say that first of all out of the 4 i 've tested and tried to use , these where the most adjustable comfort accommodating feature rich ear pieces i 've ever used . three cheers for jabra !
the protector does n 't make bubbles the person applying the protector allows bubbles if you are n 't careful .
i use this for my samsung galaxy s3 . it charges the phone very quickly . i like how it lights up blue when its plugged into my car correctly .
like i said it works great in a car or suv .
i like this case because it offers some protection , has a good feel and if very small .
even when making receiving calls , texting and of course my favorite past time , playing on my android . so all and all i think this was a good purchase for me .
the second , i used a wet napkin to remove the dried paste and it not only leave scratches on new screen protector but the dried paste ca n 't be removed at all .
not bulky , but sleek , light , and trim .
people couldnt hear me too well . .
the person on the other end will think you are swallowing water while talking .
this seems like a good idea , in that if you knock the phone off the table while it 's plugged in , it 'll hang on the end of the cord instead of hitting the floor .
i have a samsung galaxy 2 skyrocket and was looking for a rapid charger since the one i had quit working .
the belt clip seems to firm .
i use the laser often in presentations .
it seems like my microwave interferes with it ( when it 's cooking ) ! * does n 't fit snugly on my ear .
ca n 't say much about at t ; , my service is new . suffice to say that sprint has gone downhill , and then they dove into a mine shaft at the bottom of it . the htc wow .
no ding for lacking directions , as youtube will provide a better guide anyway .
it seems to be fairly heavy compared to the weight of other iphone 5 's with cases that i 've held . my first one broke near the mute switch because of a very weak area of thin plastic , but at the price , i bought another .
i am pleased with the sound quality of the device .
great and amazon had the best price bar none
works well and i have 5 devices paired to it .
plug fits nice and tight on my galaxy s2 t989 . it also works with my nexus 7 . although if you want this to use on your nexus 7 , it needs to be left somewhere no one can accidentally move it , as the micro usb plug is a bit shorter than the original nexus 7 plug . fast ship as always .
the case feels and looks a lot more expensive than it is , and because i can put my phone in there with another protective case on it , it 's perfect .
much better and sturdier than the other after market ones i have purchased in the past .
modern smartphones have a battery rating of 1400mah and up , so this thing can top off a half discharged battery , but it wo n 't fully recharge a dead battery .
i can easily adjust the volume as well and recalling the last number is two clicks away . i gave this piece only a 4 for the following reasons 1 the thickness of the 'ear hang' causes fatigue on the ear and after awhile mild soarness . 2 brief period of echoes while adjusting in noisey areas . 3 about 15 of the time , i must talk louder than normal in order for the other person to hear me .
on christmas , we were all hanging out and relaxing , my basset hound at my feet happily making chomping and chewing noises on her bone . . . . or so we thought .
i think the ear pieces are just too heavy and it relies on the plastic head neck band piece to maintain an exact shape . anyway , i am disappointed and will not buy this model again .
nice to have the lines on the protectors so you cut them and make a tight fit .
to stay on my ears during a run .
let it stay on the charger awhile , then tried again .
also once phone is in , there is no way to access volume buttons .
this is the best blue tooth device i have ever seen or used and have already convinced 3 other people to switch .
battery life is excellent and it charges fast .
its not a case that will guard against drops and falls and it only protects that back of your phone . but if you have a screen guard on your phone ( you should even if its in a case ) its a very adequate case .
you can play with the settings .
as soon as i turn on my laptop , the headphones connect .
though there 's infrequent interferrence ( static ) on voice transmission , i 've never had anyone complain about difficulty in hearing understanding me .
the plastic head band is a little unconfortable after a while of resting on the ear . all in all , it sounds good .
sometimes , it loses connection even though the power is on and bluetooth is blinking blue light , but if you reset it , it reconnects .
there is no difference in the operation of my tom tom go live whether i use the power cord supplied or use my old power lead with this adapter .
works great , would sync as well if i had itunes loaded .
no more awkward positions just to ensure the charger stays plugged in !
the quality is good and it performs well .
unfortunately , i went to work one day only to discover i only had a 30 charge .
it took twenty minutes to apply and a night on the counter to dry .
i typically talk 3 to 4 hours per day . * minimal static i could wear the headset in my holster without any issues . * it would work up to the 10 meter mark but the static would pick up significa n 'tly . con 's * the outgoing sound was n 't much better then most .
i had one that hooked to the vent before but it did n 't hold the way this one did . i guess it is because it is spring loaded .
the cable is exactly what it says .
it charged my older ipods , but the newer models gave an error warning that the ipod could not be charged from this device . using the correct cable seems to be the problem .
turning my head quickly often requires a readjustment even with the tightest fitting earloop .
at least with a motokrzr ( and i 'd assume other phones ) , the speaker on your phone will be inactive when it is connected via bluetooth to your t305 . with 150 feet of range , it actually stays connected if you are 150 feet from your car .
then after exchanging several email over a stupid charger they told me i had to remove the rubber earpiece to find the serial number .
the headphones function very well , when i got a call they would turn off my music so i could talk on the phone rather than continue playing music and not be able to hear .
i have a similar external battery pack from the same brand and use mine daily .
so why 4 stars ? my only complaint is that aside from being wearable on either ear , this headset is totally not adjustable .
my dad was just walking and i guess the holster was slanted downwards a bit and his phone fell out .
i do not have scientific data to prove this .
you must remove the front cover to attach the phone usb which is not convenient and if one is not careful the top latch can touch the phone and cause mayor damagethe magnet is so stong that my teaspoon was attached to my phone caseso i can not recommend .
would be nice to have a red one light up when almost out of juice .
best in cars and on the go situation !
i use this to get through an otterbox on my iphone .
it 's so useful and worth the price .
the extra battery is a must for now .
i bought this cassette adapter to replace my old one who 's cord got ripped in half when stuck in my door .
charges fast and and stays charged for a while , has plenty capabilities and looks good , too .
so being a novice i just matched up model numbers , ordered , and it works perfectly .
it was covered with dirt and had survived mowings twice a week the sprinkler system every day , thunderstorms and just being in the damp outdoors for 3 months . to make a long story short , i 'm still using it , i have it on right now .
no doubt the iphone 's email and browser are the same ; they are far superior to blackberry 's implementation of these features ; however , i 'll take the blackberry version and stick with verizon rather than move to at t . ; if you have never owned a blackberry , then the learning curve is steep .
i like this product because it is good for the money you pay especially for 3 screen protectors .
i put this to the test on a 5 hour car ride while using the navi and pandora on my phone .
and the velcrow is very good .
got it september 2012 , the background noise was always horrible , and became really bad when the phone was not close to the bluetooth device .
most of the time you have to pay extra for additional charging methods , so that makes the jabra a better value . if it was n 't for the signal reception issues and the tiny buttons i 'd give this headset 4 or 5 stars out of 5 . again , the included accessories are a terrific value , it 's comfortable , and the price of this headset is pretty good .
now , the not so great the flexible arm seems to vibrate quite a bit while you drive , and the expanding bracket does not work as well as promised .
the person in the other end of the line noticed that i sounded clearer and louder .
i travel quite extensively and use my iphone to watch movies on planes . . . . it is quite a challenge to prop the thing up at a proper angle and this stand solves that problem .
i 'm not sure if this is actually meant for the epic 4g or if it 's a universal samsung charger .
since it has n 't , i decided that a little more drop protection was in order .
the only problem , the t820 , does not want always pair .
this is an exceptional , portable battery .
i purchased this bluetooth in may of 2009 and had lost it by october .
other that that , it does keep the screen from getting scratched , it does not negatively impact the touch sensitivity of the phone , and it does n 't cost a lot of money .
i got the pink one and bought the gold one for a friend . pros sound quality is excellent .
the only drawback that i 've come across is that bright blue led that can light up the whole car at night .
it may work well for other devices . . . i cannot determine the possibility .
this charger worked jus as advertised for my phone .
completely charges and iphone several times , does n 't quite fully charge an ipad2 at the same time , but does it quickly .
they are cute and seem to work well .
i purchased a tip for all my rechargeable electronic gear .
the mic picks up your voice very well and everyone i talk with reports not being able to tell that i 'm on a headset .
the noise reduction wile i am talking on the cell phone works better than any other ear piece that i have ever used .
it did n 't work no matter where i put it against the receiver .
fits comfortably in your pocket or purse .
omg , this product is a better fit than any replacement or universal replacement knock off .
the smaller size makes if convenient to carry in a briefcase , purse or go bag for emergencies or daily use .
can save money buying this one ( for the 9630 ) rather than paying the extra money for the 9650 cradle .
for the house charger it does n 't .
does n 't work , phone keep showing invalid battery .
the cable is plenty long and the leads and connectors look to be very durable .
it did n 't work even after i charged it 24 hours .
the microusb port got twisted and bent so that it would not connect .
this ends up making this product even more expensive than what you initially think you 're going to pay . lastly , it 's not clear what phones work with this recharger .
the charger itself feels high quality , so it should last for quite some time .
i have used this case to protect my scanner inside my laptop case going through airports , etc .
the light indicator went dark ( not turned off ) and it was n 't picking up her voice when she speaks into it .
and i like it almost as much as my jawbone .
for the price , you get what you pay for .
i finally ended up with a panasonic tca60 for about $ 19 which is very loud and sounds great on both ends .
so if your pairing it with the blackberry storm do n 't bother . i returned it and replaced it with the blueant z9i and what a amazing difference , clear as a bell at both ends of the call , great noise cancelling and seems to pair with no problems , also can pair with 5 devices at once and can switch to the called phone . hope this helps someone .
even sitting on my desk as a speakerphone , the volume is insufficient if there is any level of background noise . noise canceling and sound quality ( from my callers' perspective ) is very good , but unfortunately , both of these units were a waste of my money because they are really only barely usable in a car setting .
paid more money , but no bubbles .
the mesh tip makes such a difference in its functionality .
the clip is strong and made of metal .
but , i guess thats a small price to pay for decent effect .
the in ear design mitigates this somewhat , but can be an issue if only the 1 earpiece is used . still , it delivers a great value for the money .
i 've got 2 and they look really nice , are built well and work great .
this is bad for the iphones battery and will shorten its life . with this in mind , if you still want to get it .
it 's a sturdy case , and the leather looks good . . . but still kinda has a cheap looking feeling to it .
the packaging is very nice , the item seems well built plus it is very easy to use .
the flaws from my perspective are that the hole for the headphones is too narrow , but i simply twisted a knife into the hole to make it wider so that 's not an issue .
the music is pretty clear and can get decently loud ( i listen to music pretty loudly ) . the unit also can take and make calls .
it immediately connected and started charging .
on my blackberry i 've found that anything over 5 to 7 feet creates far too much annoying static .
twelvesouth supposedly has a warranty , so i contacted them for a replacement .
however , if you 're okay with leatherette , it does have some nice pockets inside and it 's relatively thin lightweight . i 'd avoid this seller though ( boxwave corp ) . shipping is $ 5 and you will pay to return the item to them .
i do n 't think the phone would fall out with the flap wide open .
best deal you will find for these !
this h700 replaces an hs810 , it is smaller , lighter and seems to work just as well with similar battery life .
there were campsites where i was the only one with cell service .
even for less than $ 2 . 00 , its not worth anything .
i 'm now more conscious of my electricity usage .
i tried using these styluses for a few days , then gave it up and went back to my pudgy fingers .
unfortunately , right now there is no standard for inductive charging in electronic devices , so each iphone , blackberry , nintendo ds etc has to have it 's own special charging case to interface with the battery in the unit . i read some reviews that have criticized the device for not charging when it indicated that it was and i never experienced this .
most headsets will only pair to one device , so if you want to switch between devices , you have to re pair it every time .
the case is very good quality .
when you pull the cord out to extend it , it 's supposed to stay extended but it always snaps back into the retracted position .
got this to replace a frayed oem cord .
this earpiece does everything it says it will do within reason .
there is no tracking but they give me a tracking number . . . . . wheres my case . .
it 's sensitive equipment , with a filter in the earpiece that i know i 'll have to change eventually hence the included tool for same , then it should n 't be left in the open to collect dust .
i charge it almost every night for 2 hours because i leave the operamini 4 browser on almost always since i am a very heavy data user .
the best thing is i can play romantic music while im eating and take phone calls without putting down my plate phone .
this one does the job , and rapidly charges your devices .
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone , and this one is the best .
case is great , metal clip is not !
they 're just not strong enough and the magnet takes it right off the dash .
i ca n 't comment on the long term durability , but the construction seems to be very good .
i ordered mine from warmmart , and shipping took 2 weeks to the midwest .
i use this pouch for my work its heavy duty work and protects the phone completely def worth buying all i got
i think my problem might have been the wireless home network .
the sound quality jumped and allowed me to continue using hte hands free feature .
one of them fell apart after a couple of days and neither of them worked well .
i got sick of xbox 360 microphones breaking , so i decided to buy this to see if it would work . unfortunately it did n 't work that well .
second , the magnetic base is such a easy way to charge my pre .
it has lasted longer than the one that came with the phone .
hooking this up on roof and slowly aiming around to known antennas i achieved 50db !
while many of these brands cost well over 4 to 5 times what this one does , none of them can compare on battery life , consistency of connection , or all around value .
because of the somewhat slippery back , it sorta makes the hold slippery .
the problem is that the rubber tip is not good for sliding on the touch screen , so it sticks and skips on the surface .
also , i ca n 't keep my phone in a pocket and do housework or yardwork or something the headset and phone have to be in close , unobstructed proximity .
the plastic housing is too bulky for me .
works as it is supposed to , lightweight , compact , and very economical .
without actually timing it , it seems to be charging the phone just as quickly as my original charger ( at least , it 's faster than charging via usb ) , but i 'll have to test it later with my touchstone , in case the charger itself is n 't up to its own manufacturing specs . it sounds like the particular charger you receive will vary depending on your luck and or which seller you buy from .
these are the only ear buds i use they are the best . . .
i was surprised to see the various controls available on the headphones .
but , my jawbone broke and when i contacted them about getting warranty service on it , they rudely informed me that they only provide warranties on units bought directly from their own website .
it sounded like i was inside a tin can .
it provides you with a hard rubber case that fits onto your iphone 3g 3gs so that you can sit the phone down on the provided charging pad and have it refill your battery as quickly as if it 's plugged directly into the wall . the drawback is the design of the case .
honestly this works just like my original .
the product worked very well as a replacement battery and was very easy to install .
but that 's a bluetooth issue that goes away if you do n 't use bluetooth .
i travel frequently and am often in airports where access to wall outlets is lacking .
you ca n 't really compare this headset with any other headset because as far as i know there is n 't another headset like it .
i had to stretch the case a little in the beginning to allow quick removal of the phone .
being a heavy user of my iphone 3g , i really needed an extended battery .
i guess all the 5 star reviews have never used the phone with a case with cut outs .
i was looking for a case for my new galaxy s2 ( at t version ) . the store was selling similar cases for $ 20 and $ 35 . i just ca n 't justify spending that much on a case .
our return policy states that within 30 days of delivery of your order , you may return any merchandise in new condition , with the original packaging and accessories , or any defective merchandise , for a full a refund or replacement . fair enough . he gave me a phone number to the jabra corporation 619 622 0764 lt ; this number does not work .
luckily , it is easy to filer on these contacts and delete them .
i debated over this or the jawbone and pretty happy i bought this one .
good quality and a good price .
these work just fine and got here fast via first class mail . . .
i primarily bought this headset for using with my ipad on the treadmill in the gym to watch podcasts . it does have good sound and is very easy to pair and use . however , it is very cheap quality .
this one is much more solid and i think it looks better .
my only gripe and it 's a minor one , is that the ear gel sometimes gets warm from body heat and the boom mike rotates down to almost true vertical lessening the pickup of your voice .
i also have a pod i use for an 8120 i purchased from a t mobile store and the finish on it is highly polished chrome .
well , trust me . . . you will lose the adapter before you find yourself needing to use the portable charger .
the laser pointer is easily visible 50 feet away , but the flashlight led could be brighter .
it 's like these things are made not to maintain a continuous contact where they 're supposed to have a contact .
i started out with an inexpensive leather case that you had to open to get to the phone .
plus it is a nice way to make sure that the energy saving items are really energy saving .
outside , the occasional static , but far less than my h700 headset .
we got tired of this , so we returned it and bought a jabra 4010 . as far as comparison to a similarly priced headset , the jabra 4010 is much better , in my opinion .
i just needed another cable to charge my samsung captivate .
really hard to put on phone , blew thru 3 of them before i got one right .
finding a place to keep the stylus is also a problem .
the blue light is bright but not distractiing .
other cases on this listing 8220 ; might 8221 ; be a better quality case , however , i would not hold my breath .
lots of features , solid and durable construction and good battery life .
i have also owned a plantronics voyager 520 and a motorola h620 . the voyager pro fits me much better than the h620 . it is a bit larger , but having the weight on top and behind the ear makes it very unobtrusive and keeps it on my head .
but with all cables plugged in it tips easy is far too bright for bedrooms .
the light on this charger is very very bright blue , which i find kind of hurts my eyes when i 'm driving in the dark , but that 's not a big deal to me .
however , i have a problem with the mic as it picks up everyy sound in the background .
but this piece is probably one of the worst sound quality devices you can wrap around your ears .
this device is easy to use and fun to use .
it can charge my android , kindle and my daughters iphone .
the wire length is not too long , not too short , but perfect . also i wish it came with a shirt clip since these are used for talking on cell phones . for only a few bucks , these earphones are a bargain .
i would always have to change back to my corded headset so it would n 't buzz in their ear on their end . ( they described it sounded like a lathe running in the background ) . after buying this headset i am very satisfied from the quality of it .
many now require 1000 ma or even 1200 ma . nice unit if your phone required less than 750 ma
figures ) . both have worked well with a moto droid x and moto droid razr maxx .
new trent really made my life alot easier !
this tip fits most of the phones devices in my family .
haha loved the phone just wish i waited for the touch version not the trackball .
looks great and only adds a little weight and size to my gs5 . i expect that the case will perform well and as intended .
amazon has a great price , but availability is a problem .
echo seems to be fixed now , but still have problems with the caller id .
and seriously , it 's not that much of a pain to just use the regular charging plug that came with my phone . note to duracell if there was a way to keep it in the sleeve and still sync with my laptop , i could almost forgive you for the ugly sleeve . so while this is a great idea , the execution still needs some work .
it wo n 't turn on accidently if in your pocket and it is easy to adjust the volume . . .
well , whoever wrote this was completely wrong .
i applied it by peeling off the layer labeled 1 back , then bending the film slightly so it contacted the phone in a vertical line from top to bottom of the screen .
i need every ounce of protection this thing provides .
had the defender case and tossed that for this !
i bought this for my samsung epic 4g ( the 1st gen galaxy s , not the new epic 4g touch ) since the genuine sprint charger i bought would not charge properly .
i 'm a huge fan of external batteries .
this is a decent screen protector .
the power port opening is a little too snug , and i have to be very careful when inserting the cord in , because it has a tendency to slip out using this case .
very pleased with it , which is good since i researched many headsets in this price range on the market .
only one side at a time .
i like this cable as it is retractable on both ends . . . takes little space , no fuss , with wires all over .
nothing much to say other than . . . 1 . it works as claimed .
i was in a very crowded airport restaurant and my husband could n 't hear any of the loud noise around me .
it works very well , and does not add a lot of weight to our carry on luggage .
finely tuned audiophiles may wish to look elsewhere .
the only thing it does n 't come with is a screen protector , but you could always get one of those cheap plastic stick on things to help with that .
the build quality is fantastic , the tassel come in handy for some cables , but not all .
the micro usb end will let loose from the insulation and render the cable useless almost immediately .
thank you amazon . com once again for saving me $ 100 's .
these seems like the original charger and well made .
it did charge kinda of slow but it was still able to charge my phone the entire ride .
on the beach or some play ground ? besides that , i like the case ; however , i saw glue marks on my phone when i remove it in order to put it into a phone holder in the car .
the headset profile sounds pretty good and the a2dp profile is good but not excellent the bass is rather weak .
i love the fact that it is longer than my original usb chord . very fast shipper !
a risk we all take when buying these 3rd party batteries .
and , to make matters worse , when the mode changes , so does the volume .
a further surprise it also fits my car hands free , so i can charge one or the other with the same charger .
its a little big for my plantronics m 50 the zipper keeps colapsing when zipping unzipping .
my phone fell out the first day in this case .
it took me about 15 minutes of messing with it to finally get the plug into the jack .
i 'll give it that . but * when charging , it causes the iphone to emit a very noticeable high pitched sound during play . * the cord is laughably short . * the craftsmanship is , well , i guess what you should expect for a few bucks .
i have had one other case that had a stronger magnetic closure that would be my only suggestion . the case is slightly roomier than some and has a pocket in which a couple of sd cards can be stored .
it just pause a second and continues with the music .
it 's durable and gives all the access you need .
but i can say this was a bad buy in that the rig is not very comfortable to wear .
then there were slight scratches on the rubber like it was scraped .
read the instructions , wet the thing before you put it on .
this charger does n 't charge the battery of my samsung galaxy s2 ( i9100 ) properly . when i connect it to my s2 , the screen gets frozen and the cell behaves in a unusual ( abnormal ) way .
this one just feels like tech snake oil .
they also include an extension cable to make charging a snap .
also an optional wall adapter would be nice for those listed previously . pros ease of use , small portable with a protective pouch ( nice touch ) , works as advertised , and fairly inexpensive to what it actually is able to do compared to similar products . cons short charging port , and no wall outlet adapter . i still give it solid 5 stars as the cons do n 't effect me much .
from time to time , i lose connection with my phone .
when i unplugged my phone from the wall charger , the battery died within 30 minutes .
just a little bulky for my taste .
never mis installed and had to throw away the film . it 's really easy to install . your finger glides through the screen .
the battery life is good and voice quality is very clear .
my iphone ended up getting a big scratch on the screen due to the magnetic that sticks on the dashboard falling off . i did contact the seller and got a new one that works fine after a few emails .
do n 't have to use the over ear piece anymore .
i have purchased some cheaper cables that would not transmit data between my computer and my blackberry storm 9530 . this cable works great , even with my underpowered usb ports .
this was done quickly with power to spare .
i like that it 's nice and small and fits well in my purse without much bulk . the only con i can think of is that i wish the charger would indicate how much the battery is charged .
well built and should last a long time .
amazon usually picks quality companies to sell on their website .
i literally took it out of the package , and the first time i pulled the cord out did n 't yank , tug , or otherwise forcefully pull it about 10 inches and hit the retract button to test it out and it retracted about 2 inches of it .
very pleased and i would recommend this case to anyone looking for maximum protection for their iphone .
after using this for a month i find that it works great and is as clear as the headset i replaced .
with the external charger , i can recharge the phone and have it available .
i love my 4 . 5 screen on my phone , but it does drain the battery rather quickly .
for what its going for , it should have the connecter for 4 items , not 1 . not only that , it only works with a small variety of items .
please make one for the htc one !
i have the verizon version so the touchstone phone back already is setup to use the dock but from some of the reviews the sprint version you have to purchase the back cover for this to work . i 'm glad i purchased it and it works great ! update there seems to be defective touchstones out there and mine was one of them .
for speaking into the unit , you will need to recrd yourself at different mouthpiece placements ( e . g . , talk call in to your own voice mail ) . the mic picks up lots of noise ( rustling of clothes , breathing , drinking , etc . ) , so it is good t be aware of how these are being heard by doing some testing .
except for the camera , phone and apps are fully functional although i prefer to remove it for talking .
i , m a truck driver and this headset is perfect for use in trucks , my friends turned me on to this model .
it was more flexible than i was expecting , but it 's a snug fit and feels good in my hands .
i 'm not sure what fixed this issue but i did update it and it seems that since then i 've not had that issue again . i does n 't seem to allow me to enter text through the parrot microphone for voice text input into android .
it stays securely on my ear and i never feel like it is flapping or going to fall off .
a terrific headset and also at a great price ! ! best buy sells it for $ 140 . you get it on amazon for $ 50 less . i like the reception and range and also appreciate the fact that it fits more into the ear instead of hanging onto it .
stupid me to expect something high quality . 1 ) case is the best part .
the result was that the appearance of the product was embarrassingly bad .
it looks exactly the same as the original battery that came with the phone .
this one is that good . p . s . when shopping for a phone make sure if your a polarized sunglasses wearer like me that you can read that screen !
this cable has outlasted 5 cellphones and 4 cars .
i paid . 75 with no shipping ( i have prime ) , so not that big a deal .
i have bought these protectors before and they do a really nice job .
it is even better than the original charger cable since it is longer than the manufactured one .
this is a simple idea and easy to use .
the build in laser pointer is awesome , and it even has an auto off so that the battery is n 't depleted by leaving it on .
you 're better off spending a little more and buying a genuine apple cable .
got this charger for my mom for a christmas stocking stuffer and she loves it .
the first was trash out cause it would not stick for re alignment .
one mistake and you are screwed out of the $ 150 rebate . another problem with the phone and it 's limited features is that other than the initial tone that you have a message there is no way to know that you have a message waiting unless you pick up the phone and look .
ca n 't be beaten for basic protection .
leather grade is n 't amazing , but it is what you 'd typically see for this type of product . my only concern was with getting my iphone out of the case .
and one day , a huge bubble appeared under the screen disabling the touch screen .
the first battery held a charge for maybe 6 hours .
everyone that see 's it wants one . cons some aftermarket chargers will not fit with the case on .
putting on this case is easy , but taking it of is somewhat of a challenge , but again that is the price you have to pay for exceptional protection .
i bought this to pair with a sony ericsson walkman phone , and have been disappointed . 1 ) sound and voice quality are fine , but this thing is way too sensitive to wind .
i 'd suggest this headset to anyone .
amanda richards hit the nail on the head , but she did n 't get into how nice the bluetooth is on this phone .
it pairs perfectly with my nokia 6610 as well as with my dell laptop so i use it for both voip calls and mobile phone calls .
the other phones were the fender phone from t mobile and an iphone from sprint respectively .
this headset does take some getting used to as the rubber boot on it slightly penetrates your ear , but after a few days you will forget you are wearing it .
at amazon 's low price , heavy users should consider buying a couple of the samsung chargers , and keeping a spare on hand .
i have a htc one in blue and needed a good cover while actually showing off the blue beauty .
love the razr but original battery died , bought an aftermarket , it only lasted 9 months , so back to oem .
and as long as you use the included sleeve , it works perfectly .
when i took the phone out of the case , the phone looked just as new as it did the day a bought it .
i did n 't find any evidence of components that will inductively couple the antenna and the interior components . however , when it was installed , it did * * look * * impressive .
my husband uses this while working overtime , or road details .
it works perfectly , and he can just leave it plugged into the port in the console , when he needs to make a call , he can just plug inthe phone , and go from there .
it 's proven it 's value over and over again .
it 's not for the apple iphone 3gs .
fits in my ear well enough that i 'm able to keep the phone volume very low and still hear just fine . cons corded . i 've since gotten my bluetooth phone back , but still keep this around in case the bluetooth has problems .
i bought it from the seller globalwireless in case anyone wants to compare or be sure they 're getting a well built cable .
i may charge it every couple of weeks .
they work with iphone 3gs and iphone 4 . i 'd recommend these cables over the overpriced cables at the apple store to anyone with an iphone .
this is very handy , since not all vehicles give power when the vehicle is turned off .
for the price with free shipping from amazon , you ca n 't go wrong .
the sound quality is the best i have ever experienced .
is a good and practice bag , regular quality , work well , for the price , is the product that company offer satisfaction with the purchase
works fine with my htc one .
personally i like the extra bulk of this case for me , my particular blackberry ( 8530 ) is a bit skinny and lacks the weight and substance that i like in a phone .
they work pretty good and the sound is great !
if you 're looking for something to make using your touch screen easier to use . . . . save your money .
the volume control is the worst design that i 've seen .
i made the classic mistake of not reading the description .
it tells you how much power a device uses the longer you leave it plugged in the more accurate it gets .
it 's a snug fit , to be sure , but a little too snug .
it fit my nexus quite well , to the point it was causing me some trouble to get it over the edges of my screen cover .
for the price it serves the purpose .
i just could n 't get the thing to sit at a usable angle .
its just black , nothing impressive but very durable .
these are awesome and make my phone look so stylish !
a short audio cable is provided , but you 'll need to supply your own usb power cable .
seemed to work okay , but had some interference , probably from the wifi hub i have about 10 feet away . when i let it charge overnight ( like i charged it initially ) , i woke up and found the red charging indicator was out .
i 've used 4 or 5 different brands , including the other boxwave . negating the fact that this a clone of the ifaraday stylus ( made by single person and sold at his website ) , i 'll say that i 'm thrilled with the price and performance ( ifaraday is better , but costlier ) . if the build quality holds up , i 'll be super impressed .
it does n 't stay on ! ! this case does not lock together and it is constantly coming apart .
i often am talking and am buried in some inscrutable set of menu 's when i am trying to do something else like activate bluetooth or find a number in the phonebook the software is also slow and unresponsive compared to nokia or samsung which gives it a lazy and inexact feel .
audio fidelity is excellent . where the unit fails badly , though , is the controls .
the wire is thick and its well put together !
after a week only 2 still work .
the nook color reader has about an 8 hour battery life on its own .
new battery for my lg versa works as advertised did n 't spend that much and it works with no problems ca n 't complain .
i love thatthis product comes with the extra laser pointer the led flashlight .
in fact with the iphone 3g this nearly doubled the life of the iphone 3g .
it is a great value and has a nice long cord .
i could not believe that for $ 7 i can get both charger and holder .
simply put , whether its a blackberry , a smartphone , or any other cell phone ( iphones excluded ) will require this type of cable to connect to your pc mac for charging and or synchronizing . these particular car chargers are not cheap knock offs but original equipment from the manufacturer .
this could be a five star device if they had just asked a half smart monkey to design the plastic ear hook better . recently bought a plantronics bluetooth for about $ 40 that is heads and shoulders above this one in build quality .
this did not work for me at all .
rather , it kind of hangs there .
when i plugged it in , i was very disappointed to find that it did n 't charge my phone .
fits my phone like a glove ! ! ! however , i do wish it came with more than one plastic plate to stick my phone to .
while i really liked the call quality , it is n 't worth having this headset if it wo n 't last .
but for less than $ 10 . 00 with shipping , i highly recommend this case .
you do not get 25 feet range and to be honest you have to hold the phone on the same side as your bluetooth just so you do n 't get static .
i should have taken the advice i read and gotten the next bigger size ( 3xl ) so there would be more room to get a grip on the phone .
great design and protected my phone really well from droppings .
of course i had already ordered this case when i found out about the magnet conspiracy . so for $ 7 with shipping , i decided to give this a try .
many phones ( motorola razr is one ) these days have what looks like a standard usb connection but require special software or adapters before they will charge . i got this for about $ 5 or $ 10 at wal mart .
i owned a first gen palm pre and i was always amazed at the quality of the included accessories .
in the long run , the satechi scr 31 is worth the extra money .
if you do n 't get a steady 1 bar signal in the are you want to use it , do n 't expect to get anything out of this booster .
i am happy blackberry designed a simple , sleek and resonably priced charging cradle .
i would be quite content with summary like that . . . this thing has a few months of track record by now .
for me to give this 4 stars , honestly i have had to use two workarounds 1 ) i replaced the terrible ear attachment loop with a jabra ear gel i have left from an old headset .
this charger charges very quickly , which is the main thing i wanted out of it .
they both fit my galaxy s4 just right , nice and snug .
assuming the environment is quiet , the people can hear me well .
i use it in my home office to make calls and seldom have any problems ( at least that are n 't operator error ! ) i also use it for music and to listen to iphone messages , books , videos , and other sounds without imposing my sounds on those around me .
this despite a relatively stiff fit .
i have purchased two sets of these and i would give the battery charge , ease of connection use and range all an a rating .
this makes a great addition to the package .
it is not leather , and its smell is atrocious .
this is the real thing from nokia . i now no longer need to carry any bulky , ugly , power bricks with me to keep charged up .
however , since it does seem to cause fewer lock ups , i 'll continue to use this blackberry headset .
this model isnt particularly sleek or classy , but it casually nice .
purchased for my evo 4g and transfer 's data and charges just like oem one !
this was a great holder for 2 years ( i have an older , practically identical version ) . then , about a week ago , one bottom corner cracked and within days the other corner broke entirely .
this fit my verizon v3m razr , fit on my person comfortably while driving and would be a great gadget if it were not for the huge ear bud .
what happend is the headphones would take forever to charge then eventually would n 't charge at all .
yes , it 's bulky and is n 't for the pocket phone carrier .
very versatile and easy to use .
it works with usb cord charger that comes with your device ( iphone , ipad ) . the device is compact and fits easily in a briefcase .
i took this to a theme park where i knew there would be water rides and it still protected .
wearing your bluetooth , look in the mirror and see how the boom touches your cheek or if you have a beard it 'll touch that .
i bought this earpiece on sale for a steal of a price , and my only worry was that the gold color might not be quite suitable .
this a fast and well working charger .
with the sony hbh35 headset i was constantly dropping calls due to the unresponsive controls .
but it does n 't speak well to the longevity of the cable , or to the workmanship that likely went into it . ( let 's face it , this is just a simple cable ; but if they cheap out on cable thickness , who knows what the quality of internal construction might be ) . the second thing about this cable is that it 's quite short about 32 long , or a bit over 2 . 5 feet .
i 've bought this usb cable for mysamsung solstice a887 cell phone for at t . ; ( black ) . this usb cable is inexpensive , works well , and charges my phone .
i 've owned these for about a year now and recently switched out to the jaybird blue tooth headphones which i prefer over these .
you can buy others , but at $ 35 each . 4 . only two iphones would fit on the mygrid ( see the phone ) not the four it says on the box ; plus the power supply is limited for multiple iphone devices . 5 . unlike a charging cable and wall plug , the charging pad does take up space , even if you are not charging anything . the mygrid is great idea , but it makes charger harder not easier .
this charger was exactly what i needed .
at one point , i became so frustrated with the air bubbles and cheap look of the others that i stopped using them altogether .
the audio quality , while not the greatest , gets the job done .
very portable , connects easily , relatively comfortable .
murphy 's law is in action here , and i have n 't dropped it since switching , but i am confident it would handle much better than a rigid case . the silicone on this case is also a bit harder and less tacky than others , so it picks up less dirt .
i have a motorola razor max with a otterbox case on it .
i received my palm pre charger from the seller bto today , only 2 business days after ordering it .
tightly enough that you have to use a good amount of force to push it into the holder and then to get it out .
however , i really disappointed with this cover .
very relievable fone could n 't ask for more works perfecto wi fi perfect everything good my friend the owner is happy
it works perfectly and is an ok length .
it 's so tiny for big size phone . i do n 't even know how this works .
it is a microusb cable similar to the one that come with samsung products .
less stress less likely to drop it without the case . ( i woudl find my self holding a case in my hand with phone on floor due to case breaking ) try the body glove one if you do n 't care about the ts charger !
i made some repairs to strengthen it , but first use showed that this device does not work well with any smart phones .
i had another adaptor i had used with an earlier lg , and it had the same problem , but hoped this would work based on the ( admittedly vague ) description and a review specifically stating it worked with the octane .
they are n 't complete junk , but i do regret having kept them . ( update the left earpiece does n 't sit in my ear no matter how i orient the multiple adjustments .
does what it is supposed to and comfortable to wear .
they actually estimated my electricity consumption instead of reading it like they said they did .
and went from almost no signal to a solid 2 and mostly 3 bars of signal strength .
if you need a car charger for your galaxy s phone , this is the one to get .
service is unlimited and has no contract .
once before i tried ordering a blackberry battery on line and it turned out to be a fake knockoff .
works just as good as the apple ones and you ca n 't beat the price .
i was also displeased to find that the unit 's limited memory made any real web browsing impossible .
some of the strokes did n 't even appear .
it is slim and light and easily fits in your pockets .
bought these for my wife after she liked using mine they are great for twice the price , work very well for audiobook on our samsung apple players and a breeze to pair with either .
other than a scuff in the lower left corner , it 's clear as day after 3 months in my pocket . overall , i highly recommend this product !
they should offer these instead of regular micro usb cords .
the item was shipped fast and came as described with no problems .
i must have smaller ears because these do not fit in my ears comfortably at all .
for this price , the charger is great . pros the cord length is perfect if you have a tall bed .
the blue light is neat , but does n 't mean anything .
exact same battery that came with the phone !
i have an older computer with ony 4 usb ports and a laptop with 2 usb ports .
never had problems connecting it to neither my ps3 or my mobile phone .
can connect in next room through wall with good enough phone , without the crackling .
it is cheaper feeling than my more expensive ones .
i like the design of new trent products and the flashlight feature is very handy .
this product is better quality than the twelve south product .
i have a white htc one and it really looked good on it and did n 't add much bulk or weight to the phone .
this bluetooth is basically ok but the part holding on to your ear is very 'flimsey' and tends to want to fall off if u bend over so u have to keep securing it on your ear , which is quite annoying as i almost lost it a few times not realizing it was no longer on my ear . . . so it 's a huge drawback for me .
the holder itself is fine , but beware that the text and pictures used with the product are not accurate .
the size , form , fit , and function of the device are what i 've come to expect from new trent and i was pleased to find that this product delivered on all fronts .
the suction adjustment is great , very strong .
not much to say about this product except that it works exactly as it 's supposed to .
a cute little case that feels great , is more than big enough and offers total protection when your not using your ear piece .
works great in the car , and at home .
ordered this for the husband , for some reason none of the universal chargers will work on his samsung .
item came super fast and display still running strong almost a year later .
the buttons on it are very small and difficult to use when it 's in your ear .
on the other hand , swapping the wire out did n 't fix the other dock , although the wire plugged directly into my phone will give a 100 charge .
this case is probably the best one i 've seen for the env3 . my phone has survived several drops with these cases .
being the problem solver i am , i searched plantronics 220 wo n 't turn on . the best advice i got from non plantronics people ( aka other costumers ) was to take the cover off and short the battery .
i connect xlink to my cellphone and use the rotary phone to call it .
at first i thought the case was making button use difficult , but then i took the case off and realized the galaxy note buttons are terrible even without a case .
i can still hear coworkers which is a must but it blocks out the other noise . i have had no issue changing the blue tooth paring from my android phone to the ipad2 and back . the only con is that you cannot tip your head back with these on .
overall really nice build and fit .
i bought this headset simply because it was the cheapest option i could find .
the protector is easy to apply and does n 't limit the screen sensitivity .
so she demanded i buy this iphone holder for her car .
the same battery at the at t store was priced four to five times what we paid for this one .
purchased from ulike , the digitizer arrived after a month and was defective . . . .
either way , not comfortable , not workable .
maybe some twenty something year old designer thought it was way cool to walk around with a big blinking led on the side of your head , but i ca n 't use this in a business setting .
i 've tried both the motorola hs810 and the treo bluetooth headsets , and this by far is the best one .
the cord is about 3 ft long .
they connect easy and interface well with my phone or pc .
the instructions say that this stops after five minutes , or that it can be disabled by holding the two volume buttons .
i have paired this with an unlocked razr , and so far they both have worked great ( 2 months ) . it fits well on both ears , not so big , and the voice quality is very good .
also , it comes with no instructions , have to guess at orientation from the pictures .
the software also remembers several profiles which is handy since we have multiple phones for the family .
i believe the battery was brand new fresh stock ( if that is possible ) , and is an original oem battery as pictured .
apparently it had been in the pocket of one of my jeans that i had n 't washed for a while and it went through a whole wash and dry cycle .
my iphone was discharging really fast after a year of use .
like another reviewer said , you really have to read the manual or keep it nearyby to be able to understand what all the beeping means . echos no matter what volume you set it , partly because this thing is very loud insanely difficult to open the battery door .
they clean off fingerprints and help your phone look like its new even with a protector on it .
the product is easy to pair , easy to charge ( though it would be nice to have an adapter that you can plug in , out of the box it only has a usb cable for charging on a computer ) , and easy to use .
and , of course , no other brand makes as good antenna as nokia does , nokia rules signal .
not only that , but it also charged my kindle in under an hour .
it might be made for a blackberry , but it works great on a droid ! it 's a good size and form factor to travel with and a great price . . .
for the price and quality of this case , you ca n 't beat it .
my wife asked me to get her wireless headset that she would n 't have to mess with so i selected this one since it is what my company uses ( a fortune 500 ) in it 's call centers .
looks pretty nice too and is simplistic the kickstand wo n 't win any gold medals but it serves its purpose .
the only negative i can see is that the leather oils tend to build up on the screen and need occasionally wiping off , but this is a minor issue that comes with the full leather case territory .
i just did n 't like the way it fit on my ear .
but it skates close . should the time come to get another bluetooth headset , i 'd be a lot more careful in making my choice . jerry
it can be charged almost anywhere .
it charges my motorola droid without any problems .
might just be a finicky dc socket on my benz . . .
wiggle it just right and i get sound in both earns , if not only 1 ear gets sound .
i am having to constantly remove the battery to get the headset to work , and it 's cutting me off in the middle of calls .
i envisioned all sorts of shortcomings , but when it arrived i was astounded at the excellent condition of the headset .
i can exercise with it and it stays on securely .
to dial the last number you hit one button and it automatically dials it for you .
works great with my galaxy s ( i500 , d700 and i897 ) and galaxy note ( i717 ) . great price and quality seems to be very good but only time will tell .
noise cancelling is not as good as hs850 . when i walk on the street in a little windy climate , the other party start complaining the noise .
if you lost your sim card tray pin , then get one of these for yourself if you do n 't want to use a paperclip .
a reccomended itemsmall enough to carry with the itouch .
so i really like that the magnet does not really add more bulk .
they wo n 't work with my original ipad , it will start to charge and then pop up and say charging is not supported with this accessory .
in few days of usage , the device started to have problems with the controlls .
get a good brand name and tape it to something you never lose .
i just hesitate spending more than $ 1 each on these adapters given the short life i 've experienced with them .
it works and stays in my ear , feels comfortable even after 3 4hours in my ear .
it uses the charger and cord that comes with your blackberry .
i use this keyboard with my palm tx and it does a fabulous job during meetings it 's small ( smaller than a notebook ) , very portable and reliable .
i made several calls , and one person was not aware i was in my car . i have a slight audio discrimination problem , which makes it hard for me to hear over noise .
very uncomfortable , people could not hear me well at all ; would not stay in the ears .
it works as a practical and discreet stand .
it is not for people with wide necks , does not stretch much .
i leave all other travel chargers at home , relying on my igo with these sorts of attachments .
and i 'm too cheap to purchase a car charger . . . this is really a great headset .
perfect fit and still using 2 months later with no problems or air bubbles .
connectors are well designed to resist pinching and early failure of the cord .
i purchased this from alernativewireles . com for my motorola droid 2 global .
if you insist on portrait orientation , you probably want to buy a bluetooth keyboard , and possibly a mouse .
it is compact and easy to carry in your briefcase .
it 's simple to use and does what it is supposed to very well .
it was so dead , it refused to turn on until i plugged it in to a charger .
it fit snuggly in my ear and was not in danger of falling off .
there 's a convenient little clip that 's hard to see in the photos , but which keeps the coiled portion together so the cable is n 't flopping around all over .
i feel it is secured in my ear and am not worry about having it fall out due to lack of a over the ear hook like some other headsets .
the only extra i needed was a heat gun to remove the old glass .
it 's built well , very clear ( people i 'm talking to have commented on it ! ) , and it always works .
just wish motorola would have been helpful with even being slightly interested in making the rubber ear pieces for other sizes of people ears .
aliph has been pretty good about sending out free loops , but i am on my third pair of free ones .
i always catch them on something and that yanks the phones off my ears .
i have not tried any of the voice command features yet so i cannot comment on those .
you can charge your phone and still see the screen without cords in the way .
if you need more than 24 inches , you may want another choice because the coiled cable does not stretch well .
you plug it in and the phone gets power .
got these for my husband as he does n 't like ear buds .
with as many devices as we all have to charge these days , and the standardization to usb type chargers , there 's little reason any more to buy a unit like this , one outlet taken up , and it can only charge one device , and it better be an old samsung phone .
i had one of these earpieces years ago but it was the gold and black one and it was by far the best earpiece i ever has i could lay my phone down in my garage and still hear the person i was talking to clear as i washed my car so i thought this one would be the same but the nice silver color .
arrived within the estimated time and shipping was included !
but i liked it , it has the phone sit up while its charging .
so far so good , it gives me multiple full charges on my 5 .
this little hub seems to be the only brand that does not blow out its ports .
i am in the first duty cycle and finding the imp52d adds about 1 charge to my iphone per minute .
keeps the blackberry in an upright position and charged at all times .
if it last a year is more than worth the price considering that the oem cost more than twice the price of this unit .
i receive fewer complaints from those i call . unfortunately , the compact design appears to severely affect the battery potential .
provider sent it without any problems .
these sound great , easy to use , easy to wear , easy to set up , i can wear these all day at work and they last and they never get in the way .
several emails and pictures later they asked me to get a 34 ; professional 34 ; install , sorry i will not pay someone $ 50 to install a $ 5 screen on a 30 $ phone , i am perfectly competent enough to install a 3g digitizer having done 10 3g 3gs without error , and countless iphone 4 4s .
it is n 't the easiest to get out of purses or pockets .
i had to grind them down with a nail file to make them fit a bumper on an iphone 4 . they are ok for the price , but giving one star for selling a counterfeit instead of simply saying they are 3rd party cables .
very convenient product to have that allows for easy movement from one vehicle to the next .
the cable is stiffer than the original apple cable and the connectors do n 't seem quite as firm when plugged in .
i did however have a problem getting it to pair .
it works well and keeps the cord out of the way .
the talk time , so far , is very good .
initially i was disappointed that the 2007 model was discontinued .
you get what you pay for . . .
just received my 655 and after a night of charging , it paired very easily with my curve 8330 . i made a few test calls today and seems to be working well with sound quality on both ends sounding ok .
the site is useless nothing at all ! about the bulk packaging it 's fine , except you do n 't really know if you are getting a new item or a return ( i suspect the latter ) . also , the retail package comes with an alternate size set of speaker cups , bulk package does n 't have them .
it 's nice to be on vacation , or a staycation at disneyland and not have to make the whole trip come to a screeching halt having to charge mobile devices .
would give 5 stars if it had 2 usb plugs .
if you do n 't mind things in your ear this is a great head set . update moved to an i phone from my palm phone .
but the material is excellent , it is leather .
the laser pointer and the led flash , are handy . the bright blue 4 bar led charge counter ( lo , med , med hi and full ) allow you to check with a touch . i went with new trent because i could n 't find a negative review , and i can see why .
this was my first clamshell phone , and i like that aspect of the phone , but that 's about it .
it looked as if someone dropped it off their vehicle and it hit the road and skidded all the way down .
i wish the backside was clear so you could access your camera on your phone .
right now the biggest downside of this technology is the price .
my phone actually did n 't come with one of these , but it works great with it .
i got this earpiece for my husband he is a semi truck driver so of course he needs his hands free . anyway he really enjoys this earpiece the only problem he has with it is it runs the battery down on his phone .
these cables work great for christmas gifts .
always have to keep your screen protected and nothing better then 3 for the price of one .
the only bad comment i have to say about it is that it will not fit if you have a case mate cover over your phone .
so i will endeavor to only mention that even the smallest isolation baffles etymotic research sent with the headphones hurt like all heck . the sound they produce is actually quite good ( once i figured out they basically have to be way inside your ears ) . the mic is n 't the best i 've ever seen .
if you put your phone in with the screen facing out , the holster has a better grip on it , but if you have the screen facing in , the phone is likely to come out . we are going to replace the holster with a leather pouch holster because this holster seems unreliable .
would recommend using these for your cell phone charms .
i am still using the charger
it is sturdy and will amply attach your smartphone to your car windshield without having to worry about it popping off or dropping your smartphone .
should have made the pouch with a little more width .
the phone has been dropped on wood , tile , cement and it comes out without a scratch .
i tried it with 3 different ear headphones the results were the same .
these work great and once applied , you ca n 't even tell they are on the iphone .
i find that some cables produce this message ( even if the device charges fine from those same cables when attached to a computer or power cube ) and that other cables are fine .
i also learned my lesson ( which i suspected anyway ) i cannot use a headset that does n 't have something that goes over the ear to help hold it on my head .
the bad if you run or sweat alot during you workouts it will ruin the headphones .
i ordered this to connect to my car stereo 's usb port so that i can play my iphone through it .
i recommend using this only as a microphone and setting your ps3 settings to have to sound that you would normally hear through the headset come out of your tv instead .
cingular brands their phones so you ca n 't download games to your phone or delete certain ringtones etc . , as you can with other providers .
i put the box at the cell phone chargers , where cell signal is perfect and issue free .
my dad uses these in his truck and i hear him loud and clear , no background noise .
the video shooting is amazingly fine though .
my daughter is fine with it , but i am sure she would enjoy a different color skin ( pink ) from amazon .
unfortunately , fry 's does n 't sell those anymore .
like the title says it breaks very easy .
the phone itself makes calls , and the speakerphone is loud , as it should be .
when i say cheap its just the price not the quality or functionality
i bought this charger because my phone dies at work before the day is over .
it absolutely does filter out background noise . . . if it 's not loud .
battery life rocks and voice clarity is a lot better than i remembered it with the first h500 . 4 out of 5 stars because the ear clip is flimsy and does n 't allow the h500 to sit tightly against your ear .
i put the card into my phoneand went to the site to activate it , and it said to put in 19 20 numbers , but therewere about 30 numbers and letters on the sim card .
this leather case cover is great ! ! ! ! perfect for on the go .
however , the reception varies from area to area .
i would recommend going with an air vent mount or a cd slot mount .
i finally put this up on my metal ( ground plane ) roof . 2 or 3 bars inside , even though a phone outside in the same place has only 1 bar .
there is a bit of an art to positioning these on your head .
good quality and a good buy for the price .
however , they have been in the business long enough to know how to make a good headset with noise cancellation .
save your money on this as it is n 't any better for your capacitive screen than the cheaper alternatives .
it still works to this day .
second , having to fit the thing in your ear is a major hassle ( it is designed to fit just inside your ear canal ) . third , it seems to have very poor battery life .
this product has performed flawlessly in my travels .
i had purchased this charger because i found myself ( and others ) needing a charge when we were out on the road .
battery was purchased as a reserve ; works fine .
also talking on the phone with these is not comfortable at all because of the seal they make in your ears , you ca n 't hear yourself talk !
when i get another one , i 'll get a darker color . pros 1 . it 's very thin .
works when the ipad is both vertical or horizontal .
takes a drop without any noticeable damage to the phone . i will be buying otterbox for future phones .
well played , apple . it did it 's job and i have no complaints .
my only complaint is that it sticks a bit when retracting , otherwise it 's a 5 .
not only can you make and accept calls , the system announces the caller for you .
eventually it will break from the corners .
i bought two of these to charge my htc sensation .
it connects to 2 devices at a time though you can obviously only answer one of them at a time . the bad ( all minor ) the wind smart does not work that great .
this is a great mobile charger for cell phones and portable devices like the first and second generation ipads .
this is especially a problem when you 're walking or driving . * the flip out mic is nifty , but the headset tends to wobble if you shake your head at all .
i knew i was n 't taking a chance , not with amazon guaranty and all , so i bought it and it works great
this is something you want to do in private ! ) i never bothered buying another bluetooth headset .
when i make a call or dictate a note , my voice is recognizeable , but it does sound like i am talking through a pipe or something .
seller did ship a new one after testing it personally , so i give the seller credit for standing behind their product .
it eventually begins to chip away over time thus leaving areas of your phone exposed .
bought this for a trip to europe ( netherlands ) and it worked perfectly without any kinks .
it is accompanied with a screen protector to keep fingerprints and light scratches off of the device .
it is a great case with a great price i recommend both the product and the sellers
here 's the main problems i have with it 1 . it does n 't fit over my screen protecter very well .
but , my phone has been working exceptionally well lately . . . because of these boosters ! ! i have a blackberry torch .
i will update once i know how the seller handles it . * * * update * * * the seller handled it professionally .
if you look on the picture you can see the metal clip is on a peice of fabric which is then sewn onto the main part .
it does take a long to charge the battery pack but what i recommend is to charge it overnight along side your phone .
i have a treo 700p and i tried a number of different bt headsets before i settled on the hs850 . i have no problems pairing with my phone and it fits my ear just fine .
i love the charging pod , it works out well , i do n 't have to fight with hooking the actual charger into the phone , i can just sit my cell on the pod and the charging begins .
the first ones were either too grippy , too slippery or too linty . this one has the perfect balance of all three .
i am no audiophile but the sound quality seems great compared to the motorola s9 unit i had for many years prior . one key feature it is missing ( and i knew before buying but bought anyway ) is ability to skip tracks from the headphones .
great case , fits perfect . i have the frost case , just wondering how long it may stay that way .
no complaints here , this cable worked perfectly fine for over a year .
this charger works perfectly with my n810 . i had purchased from another location a charger that was supposed to work and it did except that the contact seemed intermittent .
not only did ruin the plug but now i ca n 't plug any other jacks in to the computer audio outlet port because the broken piece is stuck in there .
i was able to do all of the things that my other headsets claimed but never did , redial last number , reject calls , use with call waiting to go back and forth between callers , connect to more than one phone , and connect it as a bluetooth stereo headset as well .
great price and worked as intended . .
i came across these by accident , and could n 't find any of the negative comments common with headsets in this price range .
the more spray you use the more time you will have to adjust the shield and nudge it into place .
i use it to keep my motorola droid razr charged .
it 's cute , and seems sturdy and well made .
the controls are easier to use than older headphones , and in general make sense .
i read another review that objected to the tones it gives when you setup pairing mode for bluetooth , but they are not that loud and they are very helpful .
five stars for those features , but . . . one star for fit .
it was cheap , it arrived quickly , it was easy to install , and it works perfectly .
i just had to trade in my five year old clunker cellphone , no bluetooth , so i 'm suddenly able to use a bt earpiece .
it will amaze people how you play your music wirelessly .
you do n 't get far with these i managed about 10 feet away from the computer in repeated tests before the bluetooth connection was lost . the audio feed from my music source did not shut off when i initiated a call .
the earbuds will not aggravate your ears when they are in . . .
this cable maybe cheap but , it was stuck in my iphone the few times , plugging and unplugging make 's easier to plug in .
this one is the right length and works perfectly .
when it arrived a few days later i was stunned to see it was the same exact charger i had just bought days earlier at the store for a fraction of the cost . pros extra long cord , great price , works great , comparable to same exact charger purchased in pricey store . cons the outlet prongs often fold in when trying to plug into the wall
i liked this case but it broke when i dropped it after 6 months , cracking the frame at the top which makes the entire case not fit on the phone anymore .
i use this antenna inside my rv near a window .
i said no . . . they sent a defective adapter and they should pay the postage . . .
it took me three times to place the front , and about seventeen to place the back panel .
however , it is too thick and stay loose with my phone .
i was actually pretty impressed with the sound quality of these headphones .
the spongy tip is too sticky , and does n 't glide over the screen surface , and it must be pushed on fairly firmly to register well with the screen sensor making it even stickier .
unless i 'm using the wrong earpiece ( comes with many ) it seems to not fit into my ear that well .
after trying numerous hands free devices , i finally found this .
if they address the suction cup issue , and make a mount that allows for holding an ipod in a case , this would be a much better product .
this little product is awesome ! ! i use it with my unlocked nokia 95 3 and nokia 800 internet tablet to charge them from my apple macbook .
when my phone rings and i 'm using my samsung headset my call is picked up almost instantly , when using any of my motorola headsets there is literally a 2 3 second pause after answering the phone until the headset is picked up . often by the time my headset picks up people on the other end are already saying , hello ?
this product arrived on time and in good condition .
i got this otterbox to hold my valuables at the pool this summer .
almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras .
once you get it on , it stays put .
not too loose that the phone shakes around .
this is by far not a high quality bluetooth but a all in all , good product for the money .
the flashlight and laser pointer are nice extras but this is best for its size .
not the easiest to install with out bubbles but for protection they are great .
i can only imagine that this is done to generate more sales of accessories .
have had times that the phone just slid right out of the holster from sitting down .
it 's convenient , but the charges are astronomical .
the one i got was about 8 inches long .
i had seen lower price from other web retailer , $ 8 with free shipping .
for long flights drives days , this is the charger to go with .
i do n 't have any trouble getting my ear bud cords through the holes .
as long as you keep your phone no further from the earpiece than your shirt pocket .
i use a bluetooth at least 8 to 10 hours every day and want them to do the job that they were intended for make and receive calls with voice commands and have the audio on both ends of the conversation good .
for this type of product , all you want from it is to work and have the capacity to charge as is stated .
i purchased the sony drbt50 stereo bluetooth headset in mid june , 2008 . i have used it many times and have enjoyed it very much .
after that , the connector was wobbly in my phone and did n 't charge consistently .
it feels like it is a sturdy build quality .
also it has a bad habit of locking up the wheels and it makes the radio think it 's hit the end of the tape and will auto reverse only to find it locked again and then reverse again .
dc flat screen tv for our travel trailer , i bought a regular one and picked this inverter up .
i 've since found a better , hanging solution , but i used this holder for a time with mixed results . the phone fits in the brackets just fine .
this product was as good if not better than products advertised at $ 15 . 00 . they are great stylus pens and you wo n 't find them less expensive anywhere on the web .
i do n 't know how they can sell this charger so cheap , but the three bucks it cost for shipping sure beats the forty dollars sprint wants for one .
it 's now noon and the battery is at 44 ! i believe there are some lower priced batteries out there that actually work .
i have iphones from each generation ( 1g , 3g , 4 ) so i had a chance to try each one of them in the elago s2 stand . since it 's made for the 3g i expected it to fit and it does perfectly !
i would have loved instructions though .
it has a sheen that may need a little sandpaper taken to it .
the sound quality is so so .
by way of stress relief alone , it has paid for itself a few times over .
i origanally purchased this phone thinking it had voice dialing similar to the motorola v710 . unfortunately is uses the old style of voice dial where you have to train your voice for each phonebook entry .
you can type if you press really hard .
so if you need a phone case with a belt clip , do n 't get this one .
good thing is , it wo n 't leave marks on my window or dashboard .
unlike some other chargers i can be using the nav feature , talking on the phone , and the battery charge still goes up on my droid x .
it is relativly slim and it 's easier to use the phone with this than a battery that sticks out the bottom .
ugh . save yourself the time and money .
i like it , it 's easy to put on and take off , and the color goes great with the phone and for the price it costs i bought more .
but i do really like that it 's wide enough to fit my iphone with its protective case on it .
the earpiece though felt a little bit flimsy and would not stay on my ear properly .
i made the mistake of purchasing this charger cord . as soon as i connected my iphone 4 to the charger , it started to overheat and within 5 minutes , the charger and cable was burning hot . the bottom line is that the price on these chargers should ring alarm bells !
it works with my sony erricson w580i walkman phone as well as my laptop .
i did not realize that there was closing system such as even a zipper .
the keyboard , though fashionable , is flush with the surface something which wo n 't please text message fans .
able to charge two phones at once in the car which is nice .
maybe there are other factors at play ( my cellular carrier , house construction , etc . ) , but the minimal benefit from this product in my particular situation is the reason for my 3 star review .
i really like the callpod because it allows charging of our blackberry , cell phone , and iphone all at the same location with only one plug in the wall .
just as easy to pair , and similar voice quality . overall it is worth the price and feels well built .
or walking and the wind blowing in your face . voice dialing may or may not work . it makes my phone hang and reset .
i 'm running a self built computer with an over 900w power supply , and i only had 1 other usb device connected . out of curiosity , i tried it in another usb port ( on the back ) same result .
it 's easy to use and light to carry .
the description was incorrect and the product did not match my device .
i absolutely love this case mainly because it does n 't bulk up the phone and it totally protects it .
have n 't had a single issue , and has the thinner plug for recessed usb port on the samsung captivate .
the cord is too short and there is not volume control on the cord with is inconvenient .
i have used this charger primarily for my nexus devices and they have been performing well so far .
should also work for gs3 but that i do n 't own .
i have not had to try the fix that some of the other reviewers had ( something about needing to take out a pin on the inside of the cassette ) . i would definitely recommend !
happy for the amount i paid .
i was really surprised at how small the headphones and cord are .
enough to hear through out a hotel room or small office . the protability is where this really shines being able to use aa batteries and pull it out of a bag at any moment makes this do exactly what i needed it for . biggest complaint the buttons , you have no indication if a feature is active or not .
most work at home people using an analog line may have requirements that state no wireless headsets but i honestly ca n 't tell that this is wireless .
the battery would last more than a day , even with heavy texting and data on .
i 've had this charger well over a year now , and it still works perfectly .
if for instance you place the transmitting antenna on the north end of the house facing south the system will not work .
i also wanted usb charging ports .
first there is a wall charger , the cord is a bit short , but works well .
and the bulked packaged thing sounded a bit scary , but what i got was great and supposedly saved some bucks !
it offers great protection , is lightweight , does n 't slide on a countertop etc , and is comfortable to hold .
i suspect it is the fact that the speaker is a long way from the ear canal .
makes me a little upset that apple actually charges what they do and rips people off like that .
if you want your phone to lookd pretty , this is the case .
might be a little crowed for 4 devices .
in the car works like a champ . be sure you check the firmware version and upgrade to the latest .
i have the 3gs and the cover fits perfect .
it works well and i am such a blackberry lover just ca n 't update to an android
this is true for any case with this kind of non shiny silicone though . the case adds a significa n 't amount of bulk to the iphone , so if you have small pockets or do n 't like the idea of clipping it to your belt all the time , look elsewhere .
apparently , their support center for these products was in argentina , and they could only do what was in their script to help me .
the imp70d is a nice upgrade from the 5000 mah model i purchased previously , due to the increased power . ( since i travel the most , i am claiming the imp70d ) . with the 5000 , the first charger cable i got had a problem with a loose connection at the usb end .
she loved it as well . this is one of the single best tech investments i have ever made . the only downside that i have found is that it seems to get dirty very easily on its shiny gloss black finish .
when not in your ears , these things pop off all the time .
they are thicker than ordinary screen protectors but does not hinder the screen sensor .
both connectors are firm and solid .
keep it in the glove box for emergencies .
i waited for a few days , but the soap film are still visible .
i love these because they have done an excellent job of protecting my phone screens on all my phones !
dual charging ports , 5200 mah , has a light and lasercons a little heavy but strong , the button settings need to be memorizedit has been a life saver on campus when i do n 't have time to go back to my dorm to charge my devices , iphone , ipad etc . .
a usable set of tools for phones and some laptops .
oh and the package came before the delivery due date , thats 's what got them the 5 stars !
forget the 2nd generation , this grandpa does the job better .
this one is not holding a full charge after a year and is clearly declining . admittedly , quality of batteries can vary from production cycle to production cycle , but this one has been disappointing in terms of long term use . price was reasonable .
the belt clip seems a bit vulnerable as it sticks out pretty far . mine was missing the full manual ( a return ? ) , but the online pdf was easy to find . overall , i did expect slightly better performance , but am satisfied with the value and general function of this headset .
i thought i would love this piece but the wrap around ear adapter broke off immediately and the stay in the ear rubber plug never stayed in my ear more that 10 minutes before popping out and it i tried to adjust it during a call it would sense my hand touching it and thing i wanted to hang up on the call .
this is a little stand i can take anywhere it works as advertised and it just looks nice .
really cute but the heart does n 't really show up if you have the white iphone 4 . 3 piece case fits like a glove , looks really cute .
so much so , that the phone slides from side to side .
so i 'm giving this supplier a 1 star .
everyone could n 't understand me on this headset with my iphone 4s . . . they said my voice was garbled and would cut in and out . ( i ended up buying the plantronics one instead ( see link below ) and it works so much better !
i did extensive research and settled on the new trent easypak nt70t , which i ordered from amazon for a great price .
since the charging port is off , my stock charger doesnt fit straight when plugged in , but it still is able to charge .
this one works well for any of my products .
reusable is a mislead statement . pro noneupdate oem shop has refunded my money , so i give this product one more stars .
let 's start off with the fact that this is a well made case and fit my nexus 4 flawlessly .
instead , i received the stand which by itself is very atractive , and with a very wireless way to charge the bold , excellent product , and the store as well worked perfectly
i found a set of professional spudgers on amazon that seem to be more durable , but even so these are nice to have .
took longer than expected to be delivered but over all satisfied with the charger .
i got this for my sgs3 . i picked up the samsung back cover on e bay . . . . this works fine with it , but the phone ( with out a case on ) barely stays in place .
whenever i get tired of wearing it i just fold the boom and place it in the case on my belt .
we 've had acceptable results from a visor mounted bluetooth speaker unit , but let 's face it sometimes we want to hold conversations that do n 't include everybody in the car ) the plantronics voyager 510 has proven its value overs more than three years of demanding use .
mine uses the usb to get power as well as sync with my computer .
it is a little bulky compared to motorola .
it was load enough to hear the other person .
it charged my phone 3 times over all weekend .
my first hard case left scratches on my iphone . my favorite thing about it is that it 's see thru , so you get to show off the apple on the back .
i have owned blu tooth headsets in the past , and because i just gave one of my daughters my old motorola bt head phones , i needed to replace them .
why they would n 't install a 3 . 5mm jack on a phone in the first place is beyond me .
the connector fits perfectly in my galaxy s2 epic 4g touch from sprint .
i contacted igo product support and they informed me that unfortunately , we do not have a driver for that device currently . so , i ended up wasting a lot of time on this keyboard that is supposedly for blackberry and other pda handhelds . by the way , the carton itself does not state that it works with blackberry devices , only with smartphones .
my bb 8900 charging port broke a while back and i searched around for a solution but to replace was a big expense .
works just like it 's supposed to for the wife 's iphone 3gs .
unfortunately , my personal experience with blueant is nothing short of total disappointment . first off , a little history .
its a really good cover for the iphone but a little bulky and it does not have a perfect fit but works fine
i have had many smart phones which had a camera , mp3 player , ability to do excel , etc and found these phones to be slow and inferior to the blackberry .
i listen to music and news podcast mp3s on it while commuting , at the gym , at work , etc .
the color is more vibrant that the picture and makes it easy to find in my purse .
works pretty well on my iphone 4s .
the digitizer is quite sensitive and works fine .
however , we all want a lightweight headset . . . so maybe i should n 't complain .
ymmv given where your device is in the car when charging and where the power outlet in the car is .
they 're freaking wireless . now , with that out of the way , its time for the good parts .
i would definitely recommend this over anything overpriced verizon is offering you for your droid .
i put it on a couple of samsung cellphones and a digital camera screen and the stuff did n 't stay on for all that long .
a leather one then you 're bound to have some wear and tear on your phone so be warned that this case will not hold up .
this is an excellent replacement battery , it fit just fine and the price was amazing .
after reading the reveiws for this data cable , it seems that it 's sort of a gamble of what cable you get . i personally ordered two and recieved two samsung cables .
the picture of this item is misleading , the picture makes it look grey and opaque but in reality it is actually transparent on the sides and white and opaque on the bottom .
i purchased this on sale to have an external charger that could charge my ipad .
i was constantly forgetting i had my earbuds in and would move to the other side of my desk which would yank them out .
the sound quality is great and i can easily walk 15 20 feet away with line of sight and not experience distortion .
obviously , this is not the pouch 's fault , but it 's something to be aware of .
a little softer than i like and therefore most likely prone to losing it 's shape tightness over time .
should float with most devices , especially if you leave some air inside .
motorola makes the best product for their devices hands down .
works well for iphone or ipod touch esspecially if you have big finger and have a hard time typing on the screen keyboard .
great product that deliver good frequency range .
love it for moving from car to car .
i also bought the indoor kit which works just as well .
i got these to use with my iphone instead of the earbuds i had been using .
i had difficulty getting these on the phone without bubbles , but they did do a great job of protecting the glass .
this is my 2nd attempt at bluetooth earphones for my iphone 4s , purchased via another online retailer for $ 30 . i like the fact that these are buds and i do n 't have cans on my ears .
this of course is a design flaw of the tx and not reflective of the keyboard .
it suddenly began heating up until the heat made my ear very uncomfortable .
the killer app for the blackberry is , and has been the os .
thanksssssss for being so fast in sending .
the only way i get around this is to connect the iphone to my radio interface after the parrot has turned on completely and detected and sincronized the iphone . but , again , the bluetooth connectivity for making and receiving calls , works like a charm .
this case has a nice smooth , soft feel but it is very sturdy and durable at the same time .
this particular case will fit other phones as well including the iphone 4 .
this product would be perfect if it the mic portion extended a couple inches further towards the mouth .
in general , i am quite pleased with the audio performance of the 925 and the charging carrying case is nice , but i have some issues with the mechanical design . first , the v boom is somewhat long and when i 'm carrying it in my pocket it kind of pokes around and makes carrying it around rather inconvenient other than when it 's in your ear .
honestly the headphones are fine if there was just a more robust button design .
mine looked as good as new and seemed to be complete , but the seals on the package had been broken when i received it .
that 's my general use cord now ; this one is relegated to overnight charging where the phone is n 't being used .
my cell phone kept dropping calls and cutting off in the middle of calls , charging the battery did'nt last long either .
this item is not bad but the retractable cord is too short .
i just took it to my local shoe repair shop and had him punch a biggerhole where the original headphone hole was .
when it 's not in use and plugged in to the charger ( which does n 't come with the pod , you just use your own charger ) , it has a small light on the back so you can see where to put your phone in the dark .
however , the ear hook is on the thick side .
noise cancellation is also pretty good .
it 's the exact same model as the oem charger that came with the bold 9700 . very happy for the price i paid from amazon compared to the price they sell in the stores .
this charges my ipad 3 and my iphone 4s without a hitch .
only reason i am giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is that it takes quite a bit of adjusting and finesse to get the gel on the headset .
i pull the buttom off everynight before bed to put the phone on my ihome and every morning it slides right back together with no losening or anything like that .
these work perfect especially because they can retract to a small size and do n 't have to worry about cords dangling all over my front seats . one problem is the contraption is n 't very high quality , after using it for a couple months the retraction started failing so now i am stuck with a cord dangling all over !
there is nothing you have to plug in our out of your phone , it just rests in the pod and charges , and if you put the phone into bedside mode from the clock , it dims to just the right brightness so you can see it in the dark , but it does n 't keep you awake by being too bright in a dark room .
not sure what all th hip is about .
easy to put on and look like brand new again .
it 's a great design and it 's easy to use and set up .
protects my screen from all the knicks and scatches just right .
this is at least in part due to the swivel stop .
while not a real problem , it is rather annoying , since i had gotten used to the smoothness of the stylus gliding over my tablet screen over the last three months .
the knock off died in a month .
the phone is small and comfortable and everything seems to work on it without a hitch .
i bought this mostly because i like to listen to online radio in the car via my s3 . i can listen to pandora indefinitely in the car as this charger does a great job .
i like the case , but it has a funny smell that gives me a headache .
the 700 is about 1 3 smaller than the 500 and performs just as well in every aspect .
i was all excited about receiving this great technology , but upon receipt i discovered that this earpiece is not clear .
also makes it much easier to grip , so no slippage .
i have motorola h500 too , and that headset has no static with my phone ( verizon lg vx8300 ) . this h700 has lots of static .
once when this happened , my camera fell out of my hands and onto the desk if i was standing , the camera might have fallen to the floor .
i have owned and used a mophie in the past and found the new trent much quicker and longer lasting than the mophie . in addition to the good looks and size the imp52d charges quickly with a wall charger and does a great job extending the battery in my iphone .
this is the main reason why i 'm returning the headsets . if you 're looking for a cheap hands free headset , this is for you .
this does what it 's supposed to do .
only downside , at least compared to the regular slim fit , it does add a little more bulk .
this is so much smaller than it looks not quite two inches .
well , it is comfortable enough to wear ( without the ear hook ) for hours , if necessary , and most of the time it works well , with no noticeable audio defects .
example 50 when i start the trip and 50 after an hour driving ( not using the phone either ) . i expected more from a device with the belkin name .
i love the free shipping and it arrived right on time .
it can charge two devices at the same time and it gives about 3 4 full charges to my iphone 4s before i need to charge it again .
we needed the additional charge cable and this one worked as described .
i am not sure how somebody can screw up a simple audio cable extender cable , but these guys have done it .
despite this challenge , the unit still manages to pick up my voice clearly .
it 's more expensive at $ 30 but worth it !
i was a little disappointed that i could not find the dr .
works well and fits my needs and expectations .
noise cancelling is n 't for you , it 's for the person you are talking to .
it 's great to have spare dock usb cables around when you have a lot of idevices in the house .
i purchased this item and it would not work when the headphone was plugged in all the way . . . the sound was muffled .
in my enthusiasm i purchased a second charger shortly thereafter and that unit was doa ( would not turn on after a full charge ) . since i still had faith in new trent , i ordered a third charger and this one was also doa .
nice case , good build , solid fit .
i start with jabra 250 , bt500 and now the jabra bt5020 . this is an excellent bluetooth and very light . i use to connect a plastic to it but now i am using this without it . i was thinking of getting a jabra bt2020 but i am so happy wearing this bt5020 . jabra customer service are very helpful if you have questions about it . i recommend this executive bluetooth headset .
i have to buy more casecrown products .
it starts with a poor connection at the phone where you have to wiggle it or place it in a certain position to charge and devolves into not being able to charge at all .
sound , reception , battery life are off the charts ! . . .
the plastic cover feels very soft to touch because it 's surface is matte .
i got this case because it looked moderately protective and it was very cheap .
ultimately , we determined it would not work for me and i returned it . the unit comes with a directional antenna .
to that end it worked like a champ .
callers in the other end do not notice i am using a headset .
problem it seems there 's always something else to plug in to a usb port on my laptop , but i 've long since run out of ports for plugging .
good thing it only cost me $ 5 or so .
it is definitely made for people with smaller ears !
i plug the new 3g sim card in my new blackberry bold and yes it works . )
most of the chrome is exposed , so it does not provide protection there .
not that user friendly and does weird things like showing a voice mail message when there is n 't one .
this is a good headset ; nothing flashy , nothing top of the line , but a good product that does its job .
last night i made a telephone call using the headset and was really impressed with the sound clarity .
also while exercising the headphones initiated a phone call on my cell phone ( there is a button on them for that ) . before this problem they were fantastic .
however , i 'm not a fan of how long it seems to take to charge to full charge , nor how it atomically 34 ; stops 34 ; charging at certain times on it 's own .
slaves ) of their iphones , i came to the end of the usefulness for my iphone 5 's internal battery .
it should charge any device that uses a micro usb connection , not just samsung brand smart phones , but it may cause the device to actually boot up ( my tracfone lg 840g does this with this cable ; why , i do n 't know ) .
it holds well i love it great for the price the hardest thing was placement it 's great on glass but not great on plastic
when i decided to buy a headset my number one concern was that it worked with the iphone 3gs .
callers say they can hear me fine without noise interference .
i ordered 6 of them and 3 of them did not work on my iphone 4 .
everyone has their opinions and i am just not crazy about it , but it does hold the phone well .
it 's built with a very solid belt clip and loop , so you do n 't need to worry about it coming off .
good quality , but could be a little thicker like the belkin chord .
i think this a rather nifty piece of gear .
they do stay on my ears ( barely ) . the best use would be if you were working at your desk or sedentary .
the problem is that when the headphones sit idle , they bend in so that in order to fit them on your ears you have to flex them out , which creates quite a bit of tension .
look for other grids or wait for improvement on design and price to go down . i bet amazon and other retailers are flooded with returns .
the product does allow lots of dust to stick to it but it is rubber . . .
it stays on and everything but will come off if faced with any resistance , like a pocket .
this case is extremely slippery when weti guess for a price of $ 10 . 59 , you ca n 't really expect much out of iti guess for a price of 10 . 59 , i do n 't expect muc
i would however would advise that anyone considering the purchase of this kit , instead purchase the one with the cell phone antenna cradle instead of the bar antenna .
pros it 's very lightweight and fits in the palm of my hand .
i have purchased other headsets from sennheiser , blueant , trek , jawbone , pioneer , sony , motorola , and god knows who else .
and it seem as if the clear back did n 't protect the phone as much as you would think .
but this is a very small issue and all rubber cases stretch over time . overall this is a great case and i highly recommend it .
i need to mention i have an otter box case on my phone to protect it when not in the holder .
the unit came and right out of the box it had a rattling noise inside .
this battery was made in china , the ones that seem to work better are made in japan .
its small size and the added benefit of not having to lug along an additional ac charger to re charge the battery backup make this very compact for traveling .
its looks were great , but who wants to rip open a big velcro strap in the middle of a meeting to get your phone out . i have my iphone in a shield poly case ( also highly recommended ) to keep it from getting scratched when its not in the case .
but , for a short call , they work fine .
this is the 4th or 5th case that has broken , just by catchinig on seat belt , etc .
it arrived on time , which is appreciated and in good condition .
why do they want to force us to carry another charger ? when is sony going to care about customer needs instead of just thinking how to extract a few more pennies from us ?
callers sometimes complained of an echo toothe unfortunate truth is that i received so many complaints that i had to get rid of the head set after only 4 months .
this works sometimeshowever , most of the time , it refuses to charge and even overheats your device .
when you use it to interact to the game it orders are understood 90 of the time .
i very much enjoyed these headphones , they looked great , mostly because it had the blackberry logo and matched all the other blackberry stuff i had .
the build quality is quite nice , the speaker screen seems fairly rugged compared to a lot of travel speakers .
like the title said , it 's not going to win any awards for how fast it charges your phone .
i bought a battery for my motorola phone because the 15 month old battery was n 't holding a charge .
plus you have to make another purchase for a stylus that does work on the android touchscreen .
it always syncs eventually ( 15 60 seconds ) . battery life is a tie .
i love that it came with a car charger .
this case is the best one for the iphone .
the phone 's survived my kids and it fattens up the handset so it 's easy for kids to grip .
really for the price you ca n 't beat this cover .
the noise reduction is not that great , the jawbone is better at it .
i have 3 different vehicles and it worked flawlessly in each of them .
i do not have the means to actually measure the output but on one of tablets there is an app that indicates the charge rate and comparatively , this is the best charger of any plug charger i have like this .
i do n 't particularly like the comfort fit of the jabra on my ear so i will probably be looking at other alternatives as well . the camera is now actually good enough to take snapshots you would keep .
it looks like my iphone is wearing a scuba suit .
the headphones allow you hear sounds and sound effects in the movies that i did not know were there before and are quite comfortable to wear for long periods ( typical movie length ) . i can definitely recommend this set up to anyone .
very nice person and easy to deal with .
this is the original motorola car charger and is the only one you should consider .
occational pop sounds , not crackling or static for the most part .
the earpieces slip over the top of the ears which i thought would be uncomfortable , but i wear them for hours with no problems .
my kids tease me because i love zebra prints .
you see the inside of the cradle is slick , so smooth in fact , that if you casually place your blackberry inside of it , it will fall over .
this was my originall charger from like 6 years ago . . .
even though i am quite sure it is the treo 's fault , i 'd rather spend $ 50 for a new headset than $ 400 for a new smartphone .
i also left the casette in .
i use the rotary dial to input the number i want to call , and my cell phone , connected by bluetooth , recieves those numbers from xlink and begins to call .
you ca n 't plug your charger into a tree .
on top of that , if i want to sync my phone with my computer , i have to pull it out of the sleeve anyway to get to the plug .
this product works pretty well for me .
lesson learned , cheap things break too quickly .
worked pretty well but it looked kind of funny ( a little big the iphone sticks out of the top ) . i 've had the juice pack air with my 3g now the 3gs for about 2 weeks and it 's been great .
i do n 't know if they changed the advertisement since then but it was aid to be a package with the habra stone so i got it .
i 've had this case for a week now and it works good .
this charger is truly a rapid one !
a little bit of trimming here would probably have saved on a lot of wear and tear .
we all know how we easily destruct out equipment . . .
holds a charge nicely and thus far have had no noticeable problems with the item .
however , do to cost cutting , they do n 't come with them any longer .
then you plug in your usb cable to it and voila , you 've got continuous power to your device while charging .
that said , the phone does have a beautiful inner lcd , the outer lcd is pretty bad .
if you 're new to plantronics , i would suggest giving them a try .
for me is fantastic and the best in the market otterbox defender is the best of the best for full protection .
it would be nice if a few basic instructions were printed on the back side of the battery telling you how to turn each on .
nothing great , nothing bad , just a charger that does what it was supposed to do and seems to fit well and charge quickly .
reception is what you 'd expect from bluetooth headphones today , and they arent the most comfortable pair out there , but they wont move around once they 're on your head .
leveraging the igo tips , i 'm able to charge my iphone , my blackberry and my kindle in one nice little device without having to resort to finding my chargers or ever carrying them on business trips .
okay so it works like any other charger , it still take the same amount of time to charge it has a cool look i was expecting more but hey how much more can you get out of a car charger .
this was my error , not the error of the company or product . . .
it 's not loud enough , even on the loudest setting . 3 . the firmware has a few non intuitive things .
considering the special features designed for sound quality i was expecting the best sound ever , but oh well .
positioning is much more refined and accurate . the pen is relatively heavy and gives a quality feel . only complaint is , it seems pretty expensive for what it is .
good usb cable especially for the buck it completely gets the job done and does just as much as a cable that cost a lot more !
still have n 't found a large version of griffin 's usb mini cable kit which allows you to bend and twist without breaking the cable . also , i highly recommend the seller as the shipping is free and fast ( at least to southern california ) !
it 's a battery at a very reasonable price .
but overall , a pretty good case .
probably something to do with the antenna .
i ordered this battery as a spare to keep from having to keep my phone on the charger .
someone forgot to make a red version of this critter ; it would have been sporty , however black is always sophisticated .
i am thinking this unit is just a fraction bigger than the oem plug .
the only thing i do n 't like is the suction cup since it periodically looses suction and comes off .
how is it that it just stops working ?
if function is the most important issue , this is the best headset .
still , best case i have found so far . . .
i bought 2 of these at the time i placed my order and neither had the various sizes of earbuds .
i wanted a duel usb car charger and this was cheap so i thought i 'd try it out .
plastic chromeits a good way to save the port on your blackberry from being over used .
i like the feel of it , and it 's not too big .
perfect . . . . , perhaps a little bulky , but performance is just absolutely perfect ; offers all features one has always longed for in a car hands free device , long battery life , instructs you on everything without having to read instructions .
when i last looked , they were much cheaper than the precut protectors designed for a specific cell phone .
case is nice , secure , but too big for anyones belt .
this thing has no range to it .
the chord is quite long , which is a nice bonus . peace in the middle east .
they are good quality and lasted right up to the point the voyager quit working .
the imp70d seems to have tighter connections ; the first thing i did when testing it was to move the charger , the phone , and the cable around quite a bit no lost connections !
i agree with everything the other reviewer said mainly that text message sentences do n 't start in caps .
this usb car charger power source works better then others as the connector is strong and the coiled cord makes it easy to use and travel with i recommend it .
this charger is working as expected , charges the phone fine and seems like a quality product , not flimsy and cheap feeling like some chargers i have ordered in the past .
the belt clip is very strong , so it takes quite a bit of strength to put on the belt , but it 's okay .
but the overall sound is better than any competing products . one recommendation that i am surprised no one has considered an on off switch that , once flipped on , automatically pairs without having to hold buttons down .
well , i have tried many car chargers before this one after getting this one , i have learned off brand charger just do n 't cut it .
this kit is much easier than having to pop out the usb cover to charge it . just make sure you purchase it for cheaper than the ridiculous seventy dollars it is retailing for .
still , i would not hesitate to recommend this if you are in the market for a pocket pouch for your note 2 .
but you have to tap exactly into the field data entry box on the page ( good luck in doing that ; you can magnify the page but then have to demagnify the page to view it after entering your text ) . just too user unfriendly and an enormous missed opportunity by rim to create something great .
i used to charge it once every week and never left it on the charger for long periods only till the blue light went off to show it had finished charging .
this was solved by a simple software update from nextel 's site . update after owning it for 5 months , the above still stands , but i have found one small annoyance .
more tiny screwdrivers than i 'll ever use but are of good quality for what i needed .
however the blue tooth adapter that 's incorporated into my work laptop ( ibm thinkpad t410 ) absolutely sucks in terms of the sound quality i receive . the reviews that say these feel cheap no cheaper than the $ 10 wired headphones .
my phone crashes constantly with this battery . when i tried to get a replacement , seidio gave me the runaround and has refused to issue an rma .
this one is good when you are stationary , and you want to charge listen to headset at the same time .
the packaging is beautiful and so is the product . now the downside .
several of the headsets i tried had terrible buttons small and hard to work without looking in a mirror .
i 've spent the last two weeks ordering and returning bluetooth headsets .
its hard to make sure all of those gadgets are always charged .
if you prize fashion over function go for it . i am switching back to my audiovox . p . s .
similar to the marware one , these are a little thicker than some others i 've had and nice a glossy .
it fits nicely and looked as described in the ad , shipping was right on the money .
the cons are that it 's too big to carry around easily .
good quality but not what the pic shows .
i have also used it for backup when my pre paid sim card unexpectedly ran out of funds on my last trip ( $ kids ! ) . i have had good reception ; it has worked wherever there was any cell reception . make sure your phone has a sim card , is unlocked , and that the frequency will work where you are headed .
the first ( voyager ) had all the bells as whistles , but the buttons were very small and the volume button broke when i dropped it on a tile floor .
if u can spend 200 300 usd for a phone u can afford an original charger .
this works with anything that will charge from an usb port , not just iphone .
it just does n 't work like it 's supposed to .
there was no way to fix it , broken plastic .
all the devices i 've put on it have been recognized6 . i do n 't know what one reviewer meant by it making noise .
i bought this to charge a samsung infuse 4g while in the car and it works fine .
it 's also very comfortable to wear .
this does an great job of charging my samsung galaxy .
after using this product i found that the speaker volume was n 't loud enough for freeway use ( i could n 't hear people talking to me ) and people had a hard time hearing me talk .
i just ordered the 700 through amazon , much cheaper than cingular motorola .
best tpu case i 've ever used , and at under $ 8 , it 's a no brainer .
lasts forever , good sound lack of ear plug a big plus . when washed this one by accident replaced with h721 cause only version i could find local , would have replaced with h710 if i could have found it . uses micro usb charger and not mini like the dash but you can get adaptor so u can charge with same charger .
mophie sells some nice case that work very well .
although my bluetooth did fit fine .
i have a couple ofplain rubber boxwave styliand they 're quite good for the price . ( see my video review ( s ) . ) this is longer and has a tip more suited to sliding across the screen .
i realize that 's a seller issue though .
when the bluetooth headsets for cell phones started flooding the market , the one i chose was the explorer 330 . i have been using this since 2005 and the performance was more than what i expected .
it looks faded and like it was left in the sun and all the color came out .
video quality is actually pretty good as is audio .
suede and leather do need to have some oil retained to keep them in good condition , and while this makes the material look and feel wonderful to the touch , it is a bit of a problem when it comes to these kinds of electronics .
dislike the radio so please help me .
but is starting to get a little stretched out on the sides and at bottom where charger goes in .
they do happen and they can persist for some time . the cable measures 33 inches long , that 's not even 1 meter , much less than 1 . 5 meter . i have no quarrel with the amazon marketplace vendor whom i bought from or amazon .
my folks just got new cell phones and needed a micro usb charger for their car .
additionally , the cord is long enough to actually use the phone while it charges in the car . the fact that i spent less than $ 7 for this seems incredible .
another issue i came across is the random disconnect on bluetooth connection .
after being frustrated at trying out the motorola hs850 , h350 , and the h500 i decided to surprise him with the plantronics voyager 520 . it looked sleek , i noticed plantronics usually garners good reviews , and it had some features he needed such as wind filtering and extended talk times . i have to say that this bluetooth has for the most part lived up to the hype .
this can include dust or particles that get inside your carrying case , accidently placing your phone face down on a counter , rubbing against things in your pocket etc . a screen should last 1 3 months , depending on how you rough you are with your phone . tip screens are washable .
only problem is the microphone sound quality .
i tried every single eq setting and none made a difference .
cheap and it looks like factory made .
blocks out a lot of noise naturally and can even use them while mowing the grass without cranking the volume all the way up to hear it over the mower .
if i wear contacts , the headset slips off in less than two minutes .
very fast delivery item as described just wanted something simple that i could wrap my iphone cord around and this worked .
all items as described and fast shipping .
the screen cover was stuck to the installation tab , which left residue and made the screen cover itself worthless .
sound plays through my speakers loud and clear , so i could n 't be happier .
easy to pair , and produce decent sound .
storm comes with a screen protector already .
why pay big money for a car charger when this one is great and is very well made .
it bubbled up after 1 month .
most people never realize i am talking to them through a headset .
i have a nokia 6230 and purchased this headset from compusa recently .
i bought this for my morphine juice pack , lost the adapter that came with .
that one works well , but installation was a lot of work .
it has excellent sound quality and is easy to operate .
do n 't get this case if you 're often opening up your phone to replace batteries or sd cards .
this was a great purchase and fits the phone perfect .
but i bought the wrong size .
the best thing is it works .
the cheap ones are too thin and tend to stick to the phone when trying to remove your phone from the dashboard .
i will give you some pros and cons pros clarityease of usebattery lifevery comfortable to weardoes not fall offthe only con is , i sometimes have difficulty intially putting it on becasue i wear glasses .
they sounded great so i was hoping the company would fix this problem .
this is a great bluetooth keyboard that is very compact and easy to use .
u have to push hard and pull hard .
if you have a usb connection , you are going to get your device charged .
the speakers worked fine , voice quality was the same there was no noticeable impact on any of the iphone 's features as some have noted in other reviews .
i was looking for a aux stereo cable for my iphone 3g this is long enough and sound is good .
i purchased this bluetooth as a gift for a family member 's sony ericsson cell phone .
charges comparably as fast as wall chargers in my house for my galaxy s3 .
it works just as well . bottom line unless you need a car charger immediately , buy this product rather than the car charger sold at the phone store .
from both men ( who think its similar to lamborghini yellow ) and women . 2 ) the manufacturers name wears off after two weeks . 3 ) its easy on and easy off .
did n 't work for anything but a charger .
any phone that uses micro usb will work with this .
then during the snowpocalypse of 2013 i lost power for 8 . 5 days .
i use it all the time and it is an exellent handsfree unit .
i purchased this charger to use with my motorola razr .
it 's just a standard micro usb charger , so it should work fine on any phone that has a micro usb charging port ; and it 's got plenty of current for a fast charge . if you want a spare charger particularly one that 's easy to carry around with you . . .
this is a design issue which seems to show up after prolonged use , but is easily rectified .
but when i tried to charge it , the charger , once again , shut down when it was plugged into unit or unit case .
after a month and a half it stopped communicating with my cell phone .
the phone survived and this was before apple offered insurance for the iphone .
in good shape very easy to use and very durable as well .
it is easy to insert it when you drive , and once it in , it stays there .
also , i am not thrilled with the intuitiveness ( or lack thereof ) of the menus , but i am sure i would have become familiar with them in time .
another thing i 'll add is that it looks pretty cool in sunlight .
they have the new iphone 3g s ( video ) and i loaned them my juice pack air because they wanted to capture the sights and sounds for their friends and kids at home . like me , they were delighted to note that the juice pack air more than doubled the battery life .
if i had to mess w the usb cord my bb would probably never be charged .
i have to say though based on my tests so far , they have similar sound and both block out sound well .
overall , they have compact chargers that you can charge from your laptop computer that are more worth the dollars and charge .
it 's just tight enough to stay on in your pocket , thin enough to fit on the holster .
i wear this in the field and fishing , secure and safe way to carry phone
its too hard to operate any button on the side of the phone like , sound and the power switch . i would recommend not to go for this . . .
it keeps the screen lifted off the surface when the phone is put face down .
tower was on repair list , but we were suffering .
after few minutes of charging , it felt hot .
the leather is great quality , the price is unbeatable , and it works great .
this one just has a speaker insert that does n 't help it stay in the ear . the over ear loop is hard plastic and tends to hurt after a while . for the price , it works , but my old headset sounded a lot better .
she 'd plug it into her car outlet and let it sit in her car until it was charged .
con 1 very hard to install without bubles . 2 size does not fit perfectly . 3 scratched right on the first day of used !
so i do n 't have to lug cables around to the office and car .
personally , picking up a cable already sitting on my night stand , desk , or console is as easy as it gets . as a multifunctional charging base , make sure that you investigate fully what comes in the box and the additional potential purchase requirements for devices not supported with or without optional accessories .
seems to be actual leather unlike many similar cases that claim to be leather and are actually plastic .
is n 't that the ultimate goal ? ? ? this is the bluetooth headset that you need to buy !
the tested samsung a437 did not support voice activated dialing , so i unfortunately could not test that feature . conclusion a stylish , and extremely functional little number .
i bought this cable just as a spare .
samsung is a little particular and pref that you use authentic samsung cables with their devices .
the plantronics voyager pro headsets are about the best you 'll ever find , in terms of sound quality , and comfort .
first of all , i paid 78 cents for 10 of these .
i was immediately dissapointed by the charger that was clearly designed for some other item and kind of half way attaches to one earphone .
yes , it folds over and protects it nicely , unless , that is , you screw it into the tripod mount .
the blue led is not too bright for night driving yet bright enough to see in daytime so you know it 's plugged in .
while this device works well and i would recommend it to anyone who wants to fork over the cash to eliminate cord clutter and be able to charge multiple devices with one ac outlet and no wires . . .
the seller neglected to state that this antenna does n 't work alone .
otterbox case for my nokia e71 ( also purchased on amazon ) arrived earlier than anticipated .
all in all is a good bluetooth .
still fully functional and feels amazing . .
my elderly mom says she can hear me better on this headset too . spring 2007 and this item stopped working .
the micro usb plug fits very snugly into my 975 headset , and it 's very convenient to have my bluetooth right there around my neck when i get a call , just hit answer and pop it into my ear .
it will not improve coverage inside your entire home , floor , etc .
this product works perfectly and exactly as described on my ipod touch 2g .
i 've only been using this device for a few days now but i 'm already hooked on its simplicity and convenience . attaching the appropriate tip and the power clip to my motorola razr took seconds and now all i have to do to charge my phone is to place it on the charging pad and wait for the blue light to confirm that it 's charging .
however , i was pleasantly surprised when the item arrived and found that it was an exact match to the factory charger and cable included with my lg optimus v .
the main reason we got this headset is for my girlfriend , who has fairly tiny ears .
the call quality has been excellent , much like my 2 previous phones from sprint were ( virgin runs off of the sprint pcs network for those who did n 't know ) . the interface is clean and simple for anyone to use .
i would suggest looking in to the newer version , the motorola s9 hd , which has improved sound quality . . .
since the voyager 520 has a volume control , i purchased it .
it is just the right size for her smallish hands , and she loved carrying it .
i owned a head set previously but they broke .
not much to say , it works and sounds great , the wire is a little thin and makes me worry about its longevity .
got this for my wife to provide some protection to impact .
i just moved into a small home in the country where i can get about 2 bars of 3g ( 90db or so ) of signal outside , but inside , due to a metal roof and siding , i get absolutely no signal unless i plaster myself against a window .
i guess it is not at the level of a good pair of wired headphones , but it is plenty good for me .
i thought it may be because i was listening to her on my bluetooth device ( plantronics discovery 925 ) , but other people had the same complaint .
note it drops calls frequently , which i know is a cell phone company issue because it happens with the phone too .
as the title in my review states , i have owned many bluetooth headsets including the jawbone 1 and 2 . i recently got a plantronics discovery 925 and people that i have talked to says that this is the best sounding headset i have used .
as many have noted fit is this device 's biggest weakness .
in theory , it eliminates all the cables and clutter .
also , be sure to place your cell phone close to the xlink , again , the closer the better .
the cord is long enough for mid size or smaller vehicles to keep it plugged in while using the navigation app on your phone .
and even though the produce did n 't cost alot , they shipped it quickly and i really appreciated that .
with each one , the persons on the other end could not hear me .
sound is not super loud or overly bassy just pretty even .
it works best with an oem blackberry cable attached to an ac outlet , generic charger cables do n 't seem to work as well and could also be a reason for lack of proper charging . all in all , this little device has saved my hide repeatedly while on the road .
since it has a usb port , any usb device should be able to charged with it .
you get 10 screen protectors for about $ 10 . 00 ( or whatever they are selling it for ) and the sheets they give you are pretty large .
what does anyone get for a buck these days anyways ?
just recently purchased this case for my wife 's samsung galaxy s5 . been using this case since the day of the iphone 4 ! offers superb protection !
it tool me a couple of days to get the placement correct and figure out which ear piece fits best but once you get past that it sticks in my ear amazingly well .
do yourself a favor , even if you do own a bluetooth , keep one of these one hand .
my blackberry curve 8900 looks so much nicer in a stand than just laying on my table .
as it is designed now , i am able to hold both the itorch and my smartphone in the palm of my hand while charging .
whenever i move my head , but that 's the case with all earphones , i guess .
it 's constructed pretty well , so it seems .
the main phone i tried was the my touch 3g from t mobile .
it is pretty much like an ipod cradle .
the paste on it had dried signifying that it is an old stock . it is faster and satisfying to cut the old way .
spend $ 200 upgrading my phone 6 months before my verizon new every 2 discount kicks in , or gamble $ 3 . 99 ( with no shipping charges ) on a battery that some reviewers here suspected they got a used one , and some said did n 't hold a charge .
while it 's a lot of money to bring it up to speed , the flexibility and having options are nice .
it wo n 't stay in my ear .
second in a car charger , i do n 't use this one much , but its nice to have in the car just in case .
this item doestn work on 2001 chevy suburban . i tried too many things to get it work but no chances anyways dual position thing is good for using with different players .
it also allows the use of any type of usb with the right cable .
i have recently became a huge fan ofportable chargers and the imp52d is a great size to stick in your purse orpocket .
having said that , they do work very well .
the speaker quality is good and the ability to shift the microphone to a different angle is a nice touch .
i purchased these because i 've owned sennheiser products in the past and i 've always been very impressed with what sennheiser offers . first off these do work as advertised and these do work very well with the iphone .
although , i have read that the indicator light is suppose to go from yellow to green ?
it works well with a usb port that you plug into the wall or in your computer
that and i was tired of carrying the phone on my hip . this case is a perfect fit for the phone .
this is very good with the noise canceling and feel very comfortable .
works as it should , no problem there at all .
in the event of a car accident or other emergency , i can use them to charge the cell phones if they 've run out of power . the included lithium battery has a ten year shelf life , so it will be ready when you need it .
it does not hurt the ear and stays in place very well . the noise canceling is not on par with the logitec , but i added a wind sock and it resolved most of the challenges . the audio is not as good as i would like and the controls are confusing to me .
i wanted something a tad larger than the roocase , that 's is why i ordered this thing .
great battery life . would be nice to have an external ringer on it , so i could hear it ringing or vibrate if i were away from the phone .
i bought this for under 5 bucks on amazon reason is that i can keep a freshly charged battery inside my center console on my suv ( which has a switched power outlet ) and at any time i need it pull out a hot battery for my droid bionic .
i never have a feeling of being able to ignore that it is there . pros o sound qualityo wireless capacity distanceo easy to find accessories this is a well known brandcons o how it fits on the earoverall i recommend this unit for the sound quality , which is the best of any unit i have owned .
the end is smaller than most in width so that it fits into the touchstone base which is also good for projects if trying to pass the cable through a small hole .
it protects your phoneit does n 't really make your phone thickthe multi adapter system really works ( although i usually leave it off ) the cover is a snap ( literally ) to install remove and is of high qualitythe motorola cover is pretty bad ( see the reviews )
this is one of the poorest designed products that i have seen .
this one works well although the screw down method could be awkward for some . as always , clean the window area where you plan to stick the cup . it is still pretty cold here in nw pa and it stayed secured for a month now . ( not sure how it will do in single digit f yet .
this unit feels cheaply made , which , considering it was only a penny plus s h , is the case .
product does fit the micro usb jacks and does its job transfering data and charging . however ! ! ! you will not get the product that is pictured ! ! it 's a scam . . .
i bought this for its durability , but the sound quality was pretty low poor ; volume was low too .
i highly recommend this case for the samsung galaxy note .
and it is locked by t mobile such that you ca n 't install java applications like google maps . i returned it , for the weight it should give me the feel of an hp ipaq or mini computer but i did n 't get that feel at all .
i have labeled them with duck tape .
let 's face it for guys who do n 't like to keep the phone on their belt like a pager , a pants or suit pocket is the only option .
i love this speed charger ! ! ! it looks really classy in a new vehicle and it charges my galaxy phone super quick .
looks just like an oem battery and i do n 't see why anyone can complain about it .
the wire can be changed to come out of the side or the back , depending on which way your auto player is oriented .
the gripping mechanism is similarly well designed and can be operated easily with one hand .
these are weak and very poorly made .
i got good reception as long as i was within 10' of the repeater .
i 'm no fan of bluetooth headsets but i 've managed to become the kind of person that only uses my headset when i need it , so you wo n 't find me walking through the mall or airport with my headset on , waiting for a call . the jabra extreme has a lot to live up to , especially with its name and list of features .
i bought this to mount a portable garmin to my dash for phantom alerts .
omg was i surprised to find the biggest pwr hogs were my 2 favorite things in our home .
this is not the price point of a starter kit in my opinion .
i keep one at my desk , one in my bag , one in my car . battery life is fantastic standby and talk .
wo n 't recommend this case to anyone .
the power rating for this gadget is 1100mah , which is fine if you have a basic cell phone or mp3 player .
it pretty much charges anything you can plug into the outlet . . . .
this would have been a slightly better system if 2 cases came with the starter kit as having the ability to charge 2 phones from one source really would be a benefit that might outweigh some of the negatives .
i really love this iphone cover .
i think there is plenty of room to increase the material here while sill allowing for access to these ports .
photo looks a little bulkier than the case actually is once you have it on the phone .
i would certainly buy more and highly recommend for anyone looking for a micro usb car charger .
i have seen the drying kits they offer , but hope to never have to put one to the test . in any case , this version of the phone came with a proprietary data cable .
before i take my nokia 5800 out into the real world , i wanted to make sure that my mini investment would be well protected , so in comes the silicone skin case for my beloved xpress music from nokia . first , the case fit my phone very well .
i bought this for an iphone 3g it fits perfect .
bought this charger because my cat ate my original one .
people i talk to do n 't know i 'm wearing an earpiece .
that is in the usb spec .
this is good looking case and when i read reviews elsewhere that most people that work at apple use this case for their iphone , i was sold . the case is feather light and thin which is the best feature .
it is almost as if there is no frequency filter . there are good things about it .
it seems to make the low end too loud but that may be a setting on my phone i have to look .
they are nearly worthless outside unless you 're holding your player in your right hand or have it in an armband on your right arm .
one thing that i really like about this mount is the release button .
i like the clip style , and the leather is nice .
looks really nice , it 's very easy to handle , very slim , nice at touch and does n 't seem fragile .
i turned on a video and let it play while the satechi charged it and the nook charge was increasing consistently the whole time . then i disconnect the satechi from my laptop so that it was no longer being powered .
however , the metal ring is a different story .
easy to tell , because if it is not charging , it also does not shift into clock mode .
this was a bad purchase decision and it cost too much $ $ $ , whhich makes o sense given the poor fit .
my informal test on this is that it can handle upto 4 5 hours of talk time . the bad ( mostly due to it is unlocked ) 1 ) you need to configure everything on the phone .
it 's reasonably comfortable , and the sound quality is great .
the last headset i had was weak on battery life , this one has good battery life .
stereo function works well for all but serious audiophiles .
the only downside , and this may be unique to my size ear , is that it does not fit my ear well .
i use the included ear hook . while the output from the microphone could be a little better , i do n 't have to speak excessively loudly to use it . the leds are needlessly bright , but since i do n 't see them when the unit is on my ear , this is not a big deal .
everything else has already been said . gripes the volume in the earpiece is a tad low ( but much better than my old moto v551 ) , and i have n 't figured out how to hear my ringtone while i have the earbuds on ( while i listen to music , the music simply stops when i get a call ) . and about the earbuds i like them a lot .
strong spring clip and that 's good , i 'm really rough on cases .
the stitching is well sown and the color is top notch .
i talk on the phone most of the day when in the office , and use both the desk line and my cell phone .
the motorola makes me sound like i 'm talking on a speakerphone while the cardo is a bit better in this regard . that said , because the mic is so far away from your mouth , you will still sound very distant and a bit muffled .
i use this to charge my phone while i use it as a gps .
even though it was not of the best quality cable , it worked very well for a good while for the price i paid for it .
the case looks pretty cool , but it does not have as much grip as i thought it would and it is a lint trap !
this is a vital accessory for all mp3 players !
it was a good move because one of the batteries received was dead on arrival .
works well , i have n 't really noticed it being rapid , but it 's not slow like an after market charger .
this replacement was perfect on audio quality .
maybe i got a lemon , maybe it 's the generic brand .
at best , it performed ok but nothing like a new battery .
the connection was fine as long as i placed the phone within line of site and no more than 2 feet from the headset .
these headphones work as they 're supposed to , but the fit is so poor it 's weird .
it 's a little tight on my ears , but not painful .
amazon says they ca n 't refund the charge , only the merchant . guess , i will have to file a dispute with amx .
maybe there are just limitations with bluetooth technology , but i have yet to find a headset that provides a crystal clear connection that is reliable .
very easy to setup and use .
sound quality was fine during phone conversations , for both sides of the call .
nokia should have taken the time to make all their apps and menus work the same .
i like it becease i can find it in my purse when i ned to find my ear place and the cored to my phone
this is probably the best add on for my pre that i could have gotten .
took 8 times longer to charge with this unit !
great sound quality and no one i spoke to claimed to hear any distortion .
getting back to the case , it will allow your phone to take some good bounces .
the plug is the stretchy spiral type so it does n 't hang around getting tangled on my feet while i 'm driving .
i prefer my bluetooth to not be in the ear .
does not make your phone look bulky . 3 . a great price from amazon . 4 . if you have the white iphone , you have to go for the translucent colors .
they do n 't scratch easily , are very transparent , and are amazingly easy to put on .
it pairs perfectly with all my cell phones ( tilt and se 880i ) and the response is great .
these fit okay , but the user ergonomics are not to my liking . the volume controls are not tactile marked i ca n 't tell when i am on the or volume controls by touch .
i do like the microphone placement it 's nice and small and comes with a single button for answering hanging up phone calls .
works just as you would expect and , although made in china , feels solid .
to turn on off the device you have to hold down the button .
hello , having been a owner user of an earlier new trent portable battery pack ( icruiser imp 1000 ) , we needed another portable battery pack charger that would fit in a purse without crowding out the essentials of a medium carryall .
tips some howmold both side 's of the plug to match your old one ( when i waspulling it out the first time , i notice the side 's of the plugwas deformed , try grinding it down somehow ) . after a few weeks later , my iphone said charging is not compatiblewith this accessories , and i pull it part , and only the data pinswas attached to the cable .
as a gadget geek i also like it , the protection it offers is great .
sometimes my phone does n 't pick it up and i have to restart my phone ( happened to iphone 3g and iphone 5 ) . if you buy the bulk packaging version instead of the retail , you may be missing some accessories like case charger or additional gels .
it just feels like a larger iphone .
sometimes it seems a bit hard to get on , but other times it just slips into place .
all the others i 've used will start to crackle if i put my phone in my pocket ; some drop quality if i hold the phone or place any part of my body between the phone and the earpiece . because of its size the microphone on the samsung wep200 is set far back on the cheek .
the new iphone connection is also connected to the battery pack and fits on the other side of the slot .
it was a little tight for me at first ( big ears ) , i was able to bend the part that goes around the ear a little and its much better now .
sound quality and beats are very good .
i wanted an extra apple charging cable for my ipad2 . this little cable does the job , and appears to be indistinguishable from the actual apple cable .
i use it for charging an iphone and video ipods .
i have no issues with any buttons , and the rubber is in a smooth , sort of laminated finish .
it 's different and i like the idea , but i really want the protection from a normal case that wo n 't allow as much dirt dust in .
well built and a good balance between being too thin and too thick .
i wish this charger will work for the iphone 5 but it does n 't .
it took less that 4 hours to fully charge my iphone 4s to 98 . it would not charge over that percentage .
it does not sound as good as mine .
this is the real deal with a compression clamp .
imho , the scala 700 right now is the best bang for the buck .
return was free through amazon as the cable really was n 't the genuine product as per the description .
this blue tooth head set saved my day i can watch my movies on my ipad when i am at the gym and listen to them on the headset with out wires dangling in my way at my knees an awesome product i really like them .
this item is as described , except my only complaint is that it was n 't actually a samsung cable .
the idea is great , they just need to complete their testing phase as this product is still in very early testing .
the cord is more than long enough for me to use it with my windshield mount .
i recently used two of the plug on a trip .
i bought this for the at t samsung galaxy s2 and the seller was very slow in getting this item to me .
based on other reviews , i purchased from cellular 5 star , and i was very pleased .
works great in one car , not in the other .
well done boxwaveupdate * * * after a couple days of using the case , i have found it very uncomfortable .
the style is sleek and the tight package is perfect .
i just barely got a lg cosmos 2 ( with necessary contract extension ) and then my 2 year old dropped it into a glass of water , while i was out .
where my old motorola tc30 could get calls in awful reception areas , the treo is spotty inside my own house .
the cover snaps tightly over the product and is quite attractive .
the cord is very springy though and loves to coil back on itself ; this is fine for storage but when driving and having it plugged into a phone doing navigation , having the cord pull so taut on itself sometimes makes the device askew or at worst pull the whole thing down .
this case arrived today in a fold up type box right on time , i can always count on amazon to deliver .
my charging cords reach the charger without being pulled too tight .
i have had many bluetooth headsets and all of them had some sort of quirk or other .
i personally do n 't care whether my headset is laying flat on my counter or standing up .
great if its gonna be exposed to water or dirt and sand while marching through the wilderness .
as are all protectors , it takes a bit of patience to apply . i get my 15 year old niece to do this as it seems kids these days are experts at all things electronic . ( having a tool also helps )
my dad always complains when i am talking to him using a headset with any phone . ( i bought them to use with my lg optimus v android phone . ) i used these last night with a 2 . 5 adapter with my regular flip phone .
it held up well after lots of harsh use and still looks new .
was a good value for the money .
there are a lot of screen protectors out there , and many are just cheap junk .
it will work , but will not stay put .
these sound great , have good range , rarely disconnect due to interference , have a surprising battery life , and did n 't cost much .
set it up , it worked great for a little over 24 hours and the base unit failed to connect to my laptop .
larger batteries are available , but they will make this thing huge . all in all , it 's a good performer , and windows mobile 6 . 1 is a treat .
i own this headset and the sound quality is very poor .
i bought it just to be an organizer , phone , mp3 player in that order so i ca n 't speak to other features such as web access ( currently an expensive $ 45 from verizon ) . two pieces of advice 1 . budget several hours to set up .
it does n 't mess up my screen protector on the edges .
you ca n 't talk and charge at the same time .
after trying the motorola hs 810 which would feel like it was always falling off or falling off , i tried several bluetooth headsets at the sprint and cingular stores .
i love this bluetooth so much i use this every single day .
but i tried it out and it works great and just as the oem models .
they all work but the last two did n 't fit into my phone that well .
i 've noticed that some reviewers are saying the foam on these pens do n 't hold up well .
guess you get what you pay for .
second , it is a little too bulky .
absolutely , without a doubt great phone ! most importantly , it has wifi ! ! ! you can always switch between cellular and wifi and that 's a huge money saver ! ! ! i 'm on the 'pay as you go' ( at t ; ) type of plan , which is the most convenient way for me to stay connected , when i want to be . . .
the only complaint i have is that the radio tuner feature on my phone does n 't work well with this product .
i ordered this sim card as a replacement for my grandbaby 's lost phone .
when participating conference calls that 3 seconds seems a lot longer . apart from the 2 improvements i 'd like to see , it 's a really good headset .
just a less than perfect engineering design imho . finally , if you have any face hair or stubble , it will probably get caught in the mic screen and or cause scratching noises in your listener 's ear .
however , even after i plugged it in , my headset still did n 't work and i know it 's not the headsets fault because i have tried it elsewhere .
if you do n 't care about medium to long term fit and comfort , or the aesthetics of walking around with such an large unit hanging off your ear , you may be happy with this headset .
i ordered this cable for my galaxy phone .
works perfect and i will be purchasing more backups !
this contributed to undue stress on the socket and eventually the socket pulled loose .
this charger will charge my battery from about 20 while i 'm using it ( moderate use ) in about 3 hours .
if you need all around protection ( military , police , etc ) , look for another case .
however , it might not be bad for riding around clipped to something inside of my backpack . all in all , it 's not a bad device , though there is certainly some room for improvement .
so i got these along with the sennheiser mm100 's and motorola s9 hd 's from a store going out of business ( i 'll be reviewing both at a later date ) . my test bed was an iphone 3gs . the first pair i tried was the s9 hd 's .
just got this , it seems to be more protective of my phone than the cover i had previously , i do like the rubbery grip feel to it , so i can sit it down and it wont slide around .
it charges , but will not turn on .
as far as functionality goes , it works for me perfectly .
this headset was n 't the best quality it was great for me , the talker , but the mic did n 't work so well .
by the way my cats love the laser light .
i feel the my iphone is well protected in this case .
but it is not a big issue , since once positioned , it stays there . * * the best thing i liked is the customer service from plantronics .
i got this to charge my iphone when i 'm stuck in class without a power outlet .
it 's on my belt clip , and the phone tell me that the bluetooth headset is 30 ft away , signal is weak , and then disconnets .
these are great quality and well built .
it is also bulky and gets in the way of either dashboard controls or turn signals .
spend a little more time on 6 different ear pieces comes with it and decided on one with silicon gel that fits really good .
it all came in pretty fast and it is working perfectly well .
the laptop transmitter is pretty powerful with my other headphone ( also by motorola , by the way , ht820 ) i can walk around the house , even go on a top floor without loosing the connection . but with this set , i lost the connection every time i turned my head or raised my arm .
i had an identical motorola charger which developed a cord issue after much use and was no longer reliable for recharging my droid nor my kindle .
i 've had it for months now to convert a standard headset into a microphone for my little brothers xbox .
bought for a samsung android phone and works great !
maybe not the easiest to get on as it curls around the ear . . . or i 'm just challenged .
i bought two and they both work great for my droid x .
i bought the logitech after reading numerous reviews on various brands .
this thing was perfect to just tie to my mini usb cord and then have both cord possibilities near by .
so i 've moved over to a blackjack .
i highly recommend this if you want a small , reasonably priced portable battery .
if he has the headset on the rest of the babbling idiots are not cursing over my tv as the kids walk by .
the dealer at the at t store cautioned me that it was a tight fit and that he did n 't like it for that reason .
and do n 't even get me started about the stupid reasons customer service gave as to why an in stock item took that long to ship .
the backbeat 903 906 are a great step up from the adequate jabra bt 1101 headphones . edit after owning if for several months , i found the build quality low and customer service lacking .
while i am a fan of bluetooth , this seems to be easiest for use around the house .
the call quality is ok but i wish rim fixes the ringing issue on all their blackberry devices when using any headset and not just mutes the music if an incoming call comes in which causes miscalls . the other accessories are a plus especially the case but i have n 't had the need to swap out the other parts that came with it .
it works perfectly and charges pretty fast .
the charger and case all in one is great idea .
i had previously used wired speakers with my iphone but was always worried about ruining the phone around the water .
i was surprised by the quality , it sounds great on my htc tmobile shadow .
works well , and provides more than enough power , but the light is too bright at night in the car .
it served its purpose quality does n 't look like an original otter box but cares good like a real otter box
i rarely use a phone cam , but the times i needed it , the pictures looked , well . . . horrible .
there 's a downloadable application to just say the numbers to dial , but i have n 't tried it yet .
first of all , make sure you this unit is out putting the correct current for you phone , these are not universal , every phone charges at a different voltage and current .
at night , it 's bright if it 's turned certain way in your cig lighter .
if you 're willing to drop thirty for a bluetooth stereo headset , keep looking these just are n 't worth it , in my opinion .
it works ok , although several folks have said that it was hard to hear me .
i liked the idea of a light case for my iphone but unfortunately , this case not only broke but the outer pair coating began to chip within days of purchase .
this pad is really good it works for the porpuse that is described , obvisly of you put something really big or something too round , it is going to fall with any movement of the car , but for the phone , glases , coints , some small papers , etc .
nothing too exciting about it , but it just works .
from my experience it takes about 1 hour for every 20 to charge . my only wish is that it came with a cable or a somewhat , built it cable .
they have a reel that virtually retracts most of the wire as the picture shows .
as many others have said this holds my mophie for my 4s perfect .
as the title says . the cable i received is about 2 ft long ? i just use it to charge my captivate beside my laptop at work and a 2nd one for the usb plug in my car . otherwise it works fine .
it 's battery life is almost pathetic though .
it was held on so loosely that the slightest lean of my head to that side and off it came .
the keypad is also uncomfortable to use , like many ultra thin phones just not designed for normal human beings imho .
getting tired of surprise postage amounts that are twice or three times as much as the product you purchased ! ! !
the point is that these screen protectors suck ! the best ones that i 've used are the protectors that bought from fry 's electronics made from japan .
i have used this car charger for the last 2 months .
this is a very nice accesorie for your room or house , it looks very cute on my knight table . a little simple but nice
otherwise , the current draw to charge the battery is too much to keep the phone on and it 'll die . these things are a great deal at the price and have the same life as the battery that came with my phone .
you will feel compelled to purchase additional wallpaper for an additional $ 2 , because what comes on the phone as standard fare is ugly !
this bluetooth really does what it says .
i do not like the in ear style which is why i choose this style .
mic is really good . 2 ) when the unit fits properly , audio amplification is betterit 's worse than the hs850 in that 1 ) it does n 't fit as well .
i like the size of this battery .
the sound and signal are loud and clear .
also , the screen protection is great ( makes the screen more responsive than using the actual bare screen ) . must have for iphone owners !
i bought my cables from importer520 , after trying about 6 other sellers .
i was leary about purchasing the battery because it cost so little .
product working as expected , delivered quickly i would recommend it to a friend . fits my samsung galaxy note 3 like a glove
i bought the one with case but it was not as good as this one the one with the case is too big for my ear and too much bass .
it 's so simple in design yet so smart .
expected more bang for my buck . . .
i mean , it is an iphone 3 people .
since this phone was advertised as a unlocked phone , and the person purchasing it would be using an already existing sim card , that gps that needs wi fi would not be listed as a feature .
it has a screen and keyboard protector that is functional and fits very well .
it is a bit tinny and i have a hard time hearing people .
if the device is in my right ear and my phone is in my left pocket the noise is unbearable .
i played with a pair of rocket fish bluetooths and they were just as loud but only $ 20 . . . so i guess i payed for moto 's name
down side , ive already got 2 welps on my arm from retracting the cord !
the links are easy to establish or restart and i have experienced almost no interference or dropping out of the signal .
if sennheiser fixed this problem , i am sold !
the only criticism i have of the hs 850 is that the incoming sound could be louder .
these have clearer sound and more base than the earphones that came with my sony p1i phone .
it looks like top button is exposed in pics .
i can only imagine a world where every device has an inductive charging system built in , and it is up to the user to use the cheap charging mat that comes with the device or purchase a premium product like the powermat . the packaging of this item is very nice and clean , reminds me of an apple product .
no problem , except that there is no wall outlet .
i 've been using these palm stereo ones and these are much louder without trying to over compensate with a deep undesirable base . the arcade fire sound amazing on these .
it even has a fabric grain .
i do not like putting the iphone in the juice pack when i know the juice pack will not charge it up all the way before dying .
it did not work 3 out of 10 times . i am a realtor , i depend on using a bluetooth devise in my business .
but it pairs easy and is comfortable
popped it into my wife 's old phone and charged right up .
the additional length allows the phone to be placed in plain sight , instead of down by the wall receptical
the price was great and the reviews were mixed .
the phone clarity is as good as any mobile phone that i have owned .
depending on your tablet product , though , you may have a better user experience with the stylus .
compared to the floppy motorola , this is extreme .
i would not recommend this product since you cannot play music with it .
it charges my phone but i have to hold the jack that goes into phone , and also have to drive at same time . i bought belkin 's similar product from walmart for $ 10 and it rocks .
my wife liked the color of it .
the rubber can absorb most impact damage . very good case .
you have to turn your face away from the wind and it does the trick . 2 . extremely light weight .
not sure if recent iphone updates had anything to do with it or if it just died .
this is a pretty comfortable case .
it held for about 30 seconds total .
i had this bluetooth for a week , then i started having issues .
but the charge lasts a very long time so as long as you are not traveling , you do n 't need the charger . sure wish they had use a micro usb charger connection . and yes , it does work with an iphone 4 . on a few occasions it was finicky about connecting to the phone but generally works fine .
better than being weak and falling off .
this one does not have the light on unless you are charging .
just one thing , the battery 's very heavy and the fall out pretty easily .
the battery seems to charge my iphone without any issues .
but once it works , it has good sound and comfy .
it works with my motorola atrix . the charger has a blue , dim blue light that will remain on , as long as it is being used .
buy this one instead of the elongpro ( elongpro is finicky and loses one channel if not perfectly aligned ) . i would buy this one again .
but it does just fine for an over night charging from less than 10 to fully charged .
this product is easy to use and uses your current plug .
additionally , the headset is very comfortable to wear . there is only one item to be careful of .
it 's a good case except for that .
it does n 't allow access to the phone through the blackberry manager . if you want to charge your phone use the cable provided and keep your desk clear of this charging pod .
it has all the parts and the manual , but just comes loose .
company is excellent , definitely happy with my purchase ! .
i have tried many different stylus' the past two years .
i will certainly buy other otterbox cases for whatever phone i get next .
maybe if you wanted to charge from your pc ?
i charged it up and it worked .
jabra all has bad reviews and i tried a plantronics one and returned it .
fast shipping and works like a charm .
once you 've found that sweet spot , press the suction cup firmly against the surface . . . while . . . at same time , turning that ribbed knob ( you turned left before ) , firmly to the right all the way until the suction cup is firmly locked in place .
not sure why you need to take up so much space just for two usb plugs .
i have a cheap pair of wired headphones that have an order of magnitude better sound when used with my pre .
it 's a bit over three yards .
for those of us with phones where there is only one jack to plug everything in , this adapter is a life saver .
i use this for audio connections from my phone or tablet to home stereo or amplifier , the length is very convenient and i have no issues with the audio quality .
it fits the phone very well , and while it does add depth to the phone , it actually makes the phone easier to grip for typing , especially widescreen . the times when i 'm traveling and need the battery to avoid charging or where i ca n 't easily find some place to charge happens to be the same times that i use the phone very frequently and drain the battery quickly .
also . . . do not rate 1 star and then say the phone is good , but verizon is bad .
charging it can take over an hour .
i have this mount and have used it a few times and will say that it does a good job at holding the iphone 3g .
this cable seems to be original .
it is important not to drop the remote control in the lake due to high cost of replacement .
occasionally it has some crackles ; but nothing serious .
i used to love boxwave , but this one is a little disappointing .
when the battery input on my blackberry stopped working this device was literally a life and battery saver .
after wearing for a few mintues , i got blister and swelling ears .
have n 't had any problem charging or syncing ipads , ipods , or iphones .
first time success with both phones . when the protectors arrive , it 's a two step application and both are clearly labeled .
the mute function work well , the volume is good ( no dsp ) and sound quality matches my old nokia .
most other headsets suffer from earpiece volume that is just not loud enough .
easy to setup and instructions were clearly written .
first let me say i like it , but if you plan on using it with your iphone and your iphone has protective hard case ( and some rubberized cases ) it will not fit into the iphone unless you remove the case .
this headset looks very nice and it also works very good , the only thing that is that it 's a little bit bigger than other headsets in the market , but it 's still a very good product
works just like the one that came with my phone .
they paired instantly and perfectly with my phone , and their audio quality is about as good as i expected ; clear although missing out some in the bass . pairing with my computer was a little bit of a job , but i was able to do it after updating the drivers for my bt adapter . for the price , they 're a good set of headphones .
for now , i am going with plastic as its presence is less felt and less noticeable .
i thought to much packaging was used in shipping .
good headseat , but the cord is a little short ( i am 6'2 and the cord does stretch from my ears to my pants pocket i just prefer the longer cords so there is some extra room to move ) . i think the case is very cute , and like the additional ear buds very handy .
i liked this item but it did not work for my phone .
talked to me told me battery strength and if the phone was linked .
this case pouch provides the extra protection needed from drops etc . , needed when mobile .
the hole does n 't line up for my phone .
this is not the best iphone stand but i recommend a different stand but this is a nice quality stand if you are looking for one .
the call waiting caller id feature is also great when on a call and being able to see who is buzzing in . all in all , i highly recommend this phone .
i hooked this charger up , went and did my 35 minute workout at the gym .
only thing i do n 't like is the blue light that it emits is pretty bright at night .
one thing , if you are pilot type , or are the kind of driver that is in tune ( aka intelligent ) and turn down your interior lights at night so that you can see further , and with better depth , this thing will annoy you to no end , the blue see through portion glows blue .
the build quality is mediocore , and definitely below that of the oem charger . my conclusion is the chargers work and are a good value compared with buying from the verizon store .
cut out carefully just the area of the skin that overlaps or slip the corner off while conferencing , if it bugs you .
on top of all these issues , the padding was next to useless .
the charger charges my phone fast and the cable does not get all tangled up due to its design .
i use this charger every day .
all things considered , especially with the price , it 's not a bad purchase .
no problems what so ever with this cable !
this puppy does n 't stay connected well to my htc incredible .
thanks to the other reviewer who stated it works with the droid x .
ok they are good and diffrent sellers has same type of pens but the product the size the durability is diffrent . .
i was pleasantly surprised by how strongly and clearly the sound comes through , by how perfectly small and unobtrusive the earpiece is , and by how easily the connection button works .
no dangling wires that interfere with any task at hand .
very disappointed in amazon as nowhere on the first 2 pages is there any mention that this piece of junk is a bluetooth technology item . 4 pages in there ; s mention and reviews but should have been labelled motorola bluetooth speaker .
no regrets ! ! ! i paired it with my bb 9500 ( storm2 ) and works perfect ! ! ! i walk to work , so it serves me to hear music or voice and if a call comes in , music gets paused , you hear a ring on the headset and with one touch , ( on the ear piece ) woila ! ! called answered !
it works and it is cheap .
i will probably chuck it after i 'm done with the phone because of the bb specific adapter .
everything 's been tested on 3 different pc systems and 1 linux system . the worst part ?
totally took the charge out of the itorch but i can easily charge that again later . it has a usb port and also another port that fits my blackberry and gps unit .
the best feature of the case is the compromise between protection and size .
i liked this case very much !
if your battery has more than two prongs just ignore all but the positive and negative prong .
all attempts to restart the sansa failed , and i rma'ed it .
this dock saved countless hours . . . it never stopped working , always charged the phone quickly , and never moved from it 's location .
nice price and does the job
but that 's the way it does with any hard case .
the unit does not eliminate sound effectively , volume controls are mushy , the microphone on off switch will not stay retracted , resulting in a constantly discharging battery .
only thing is that with the hard case on my iphone it wo n 't fit into this case .
hold it up to the windshield , push the clamp , and this thing is n 't letting go of your windshield any time soon . i can rotate and the extension arm vertically or horizontally with ease while driving .
i did have to call at t during activation and all was smooth .
it is smaller than my current phone ( the samsung galaxy nexus ) and complements it nicely the led light makes the unit double as a flash light and the laser pointer is a nice touch . since i am a power user with my phone , the battery drains quick and its nice to have the imp52d around to give it an extra charge .
it 's a piece of wire , what can you say about it ? connectors are good and cable looks professional . ca n 't beat the price
i enjoying being outdoors and backing hiking .
what i do n 't like is the ends where the curvyman has a small slit to allow you to work the ends of your headphone thru so they do n 't unravel ( look at photo close up in the description ) . i have been trying to wiggle these ends around manipulate them a bit to soften them up .
you could n 't ask for a better high quality product .
it just seemed like it took no time at all to charge my droid xand the price is way better than verizons overpriced junk
the person i 'm talking to ca n 't tell i 'm on a bluetooth about 90 of the time .
sound quality was just oknot recommended for my tastes .
it arrived extremely fast and in perfect condition !
if you spend a little more , you can get a little more comfort and considerably fewer attachments .
actually , i puchased yubz magnum and this unit . both use 4 aa battery , i soon realized this speaker does not support avrcp , as well as you have to connect from the host ( a big hassle ) . i connect it as wireless headphones not handsfree . the volume and bass control are reset once you have battery replaced , which is another hassle . now i say the good side the sound is pretty decent .
it was really easy to charge my phone by plugging it into the charger that came with it .
it fit perfectly in the phone as i would have expected .
i was able to charge and sync my ipad and ipod nano .
boy , these protectors could n 't have arrived at a better time .
it is very comfortable to hold and use .
i bought this for my desk at work as a stand for my droid incredible 2 . this product does what it 's supposed to do .
this is the very best usb cable that i have ever had ! ! i love the retractable cord , making it very easy to carry with me and use either in my car , at home or at work .
my boyfriend and i recently got new iphones and two of these cases along with them . i ca n 't explain how amazing this case is ! it protects the phone almost excessively . allows access to all plug ins and buttons literally half the price ( $ 19 per case vs . $ 39 ) fits into the belt clip securely ( if you connect it correctly !
works fine for any typical android phone .
they had three in stock at $ 20 each .
the battery lasts a long time but it really should have an auto off feature .
the high end is fairly extended and not harsh .
it is the best enclosure for valuables .
with some research i found that there is an issue with the touchstones .
however over time case tends to become loose and phone falls off .
this is simply the best case money can buy .
i bought this for my iphone 4 . loved the idea of a lightweight folding stand .
the s pen opening is fine with my case , i have no problem getting it out .
other than that it is great , it holds my ipod secure and it does not slide down when im running or working out .
use a edge of credit card to push any air bubbles to the side and then you have it .
this product is simply super . . . i was lookign for a case for my iphone whe i came thru this . . the desing , durability and toughness are just amazing . . now i do n 't have to worry about my iphone ) . . thanx to ifrogz
you simply turn on the unit , my computer had no trouble finding it , pairing with it and then finding drivers for it .
i like using it instead of getting fingerprints all over my touch devices .
but , this case is cheap insurance if breaking your iphone at the roller derby would be a personal disaster .
it is small and has snap loops instead of permanent ones like the picture .
there is a reason these are sold with no warranty !
works fine , it charges my phone like its supposed to .
it will cover the stitching , and provide extra strength .
i 've had this headset for about almost a year and it works flawlessly .
great travel battery , i tested it a couple days at home using it to charge my devices .
so great bluetooth but not being able to charge while you talk a major flaw in design .
i have had 3 phone chargers go bad in two weeks .
hard to get my blackberry out .
this makes little difference if you use the windshield suction cup to hold and display your unit .
this is actually a pretty slim charger for the capacity and might be better for small pocket than some of the other chargers .
this bluetooth speakerphone is the first model i have purchased and in the first week of using it i can say i will find few reasons to use a headset in my car ever again .
just pulling on the lever would risk breaking the entire thing .
there is a bright , easy to see led so you know it is plugged in properly .
however , only one of my phones worked well with the system allowing me to answer and make calls thru my land line phones .
so far , i have no complaints . this was a good value .
the rechargeable battery in the s9 last many hours ; the first charge lasted only about 3 hours , subsequent charges have lasted 5 hours or so . i have only one reservation and one wish although they are comfortable , they do eventually hurt after many hours of non stop wearing and i wish they were more sound isolating ( in ear ) .
excellent battery life and build quality . . .
it does a great job with charging both my phone and my gps when i am in the car .
the grip is perfect , the fitting is perfect , the holes for all the external plugs and features are alighned perfect and 1 . 50 cost , well you do n 't need to figure that one out .
the sound quality is great . i have this hooked up to my home theatre amp so i can run pandora on my bb and hear it through my good speakers .
voice quality is very good and battery life is exceptional .
not much to say other than this is a genuine nokia cable that works with my n810 internet tablet .
i 've had the headphones for a few months already , and i have had many problems when pairing them , but i suppose it is because of the treo poor bluetooth connectivity manager , or because of the drivers on my pc . a major drawback that i have found is the pressure it applies to the head , is a bit too much .
the pros are that the stand works well .
it also seems at certain points during the song the music would come to a slow and then speed up during song , strange .
the magnetic closure can come off depending on the rough usage .
i needed a phone case for myself and my two sons , but i also needed new replacement batteries .
this involves pulling it completely out of the case and then re inserting it into the case , which is about a 5 minute procedure to get it perfectly lined up and with no dust under the screen protector .
first , this is kind of cheap looking , but i did try to buy the cheapest oem car charger i could for my phone , so that 's forgiveable .
they are very thin and bubble very easily .
i had to take a box cutter to the packaging to free them ! ) . sound quality is great , controls are easy to find by touch .
i really like the fact that it only costs me the shipping fee .
am very satisfied with this case .
i will fiddle with the headset to have the macbook as the main music device .
however , this is just an average bluetooth headphone and in fact , is probably worse than some of the other ones i 've had .
i needed a new wall charger for my droid 2 . our of desparation i went to radio shack and paid $ 30 for a charger .
i think this is a great value for the money though and prefer it over the motorola 's and jabra 's ( better fit , louder sound ) . there is some difficulty pressing the buttons on this headset too nothing that i could not work around though .
it took too long to arrive .
these plastic screens take a little practice , but they do work . suggestion buy one extra screen and practice applying it . once applied it will keep your screen from scratching or collecting dust or grim directly to surface .
had to cover the headset with my hand to hear anything at all , and its hard because i accidentally press the buttons on the side of the headset when i cover them with my hand .
only problem i have had so far is the mute key in calls is sometimes hit by my cheek .
the sound form this device is decent , but not worth the price for all the hassel of putting this on my ear and taking it off again .
i 've gotten many months of use from this case .
my kids plan to use the dual ports to keep there ipods charged while we travel this weekend .
in addition to keeping my phone charged when not near a charger this power pack is going to very useful to keep my gps charged when we walk about and do not have it plugged into the car charger port especially when we travel in europe and you spend more time on foot or on public transport ) . pros simple , elegant design robustly built .
excellent docking cradle for charging at your desk or overnight on your bedside table .
it overheats when plugged in to the point where it is hard to touch it .
when i went to charge it a second time it would not charge .
then we tried to open wi fi and there is none on this phone unless you pay by the minute to t mobile .
charging my curve 8900 is so much easier now and it look so nice .
the ear loop part is wearing apart and soon it will break into two pieces .
these screen protectors are great quality , and a few dollars cheaper than most stores .
it had lost 30 charge overnight , not charging .
i use the case over a blue phone and it gives it a slightly darker color .
it fits the phone well , unlike one or two i tried .
i even selected and downloaded a driver that was listed for blackberry devices on the product web site .
if you just need something nice to put on your iphone , this case will do for color matching with your clothing .
as they say though , you get what you pay for .
it charges my phone on and off now .
well , this worked well for the first charge , then it broke .
i 've used it with my samsung epic 4g , an lg optimus , and my playstation 3 . pairing and connecting is relatively simple .
i do n 't understand why it is not included with the headset it is that necessary .
the idea is that you can listen to music from an mp3 player and receive phone calls from your phone .
you need to be certain it will work properly before you use the sticky tape to mount it in place .
the case is of fair quality so i gave it four stars .
however it was advertised as fitting a galaxy nexus , it does not .
took about 30 seconds to wiggle it out .
currently only one carrier is offering this phone , however search around and you can find services that will allow you to enter a number to open it up to other gsm based carriers ( which is what i did ) and make full use of their network and your existing plan sim card .
house is only 1750 sq ft though .
we are not huge fans of the media player , but that is just a matter of taste .
they look great and the sound is very good .
i can now charge my phone and ear piece all at the same time instead of having to flip flop back and forth .
it fits the itouch 2nd generation perfectly and is a simple design .
also , the speaker part is covered by some foam that picks up ear wax and gets dirty extremely quickly not an item you would want to share with someone .
this one already broke while another one still works .
it lasts longer and is tip top quality , buy it !
this item is a motorola branded charger that works on my razr , and i am very happy with the price and delivery .
the smell , the smell , oh my god , the smell ! ! ! ! ! ! ok i had read the other reviews and i thought , 34 ; how bad could it be 34 ; . . . .
these pieces are great for prying between electronics cellphones .
even though i had bought one on the internet , i could n 't wait for it because the phone kept dying so i raced to a local cingular store for an intermediate car cord . the motorola hs 850 bt headset is great but occassionally loses connection w the phone , which is frustrating . the only reason i kept this phone is the size .
lint and bubbles are major threats to a clear picture and it is very difficult to avoid them .
it took the professional ( an electrician ) 1 hour to install . it definitely boosts the signal within the room it is installed , and to a limited extent adjacent rooms in the house .
it is lightweight , comfortable , easy to set up , good sound clarity and it is a very well made and sturdy device .
however , as someone who wears make up and was constantly picking it up this was a big issue for me .
what i like about this product , other than its range for charging my devices is the portability and ease of use .
i use some rechargeable batteries in it when i do n 't have it plugged into the wall .
this kind of practice is not sustainable .
i also cannot wear my sunglasses with it . i get much better mic quality either holding my iphone up to my ear without a headset , or using the wired one that came with it . i regret my purchase of this plantronics .
if i wear the cable around my neck like a bolo tie , people like me better and i can run faster and jump higher .
stitching coming out after only a handful of occasional uses .
we went through a cold spell here in socal ( 40 's ) and it was more difficult to get the unit to suction .
shipped in time and in a normal good package .
with two sockets , the wife and i can both charge our phones at the same time .
i had hoped the case was worth it but was disappointed with the quality and lack of usefulness ; i did n 't even install it on my fuze .
there 's a single multifunction button that is used to both control charging as well as the included led laser , and it took me a little while to get used to the controls .
works well with no fan and does not get too hot .
it works , its long enough , the connection to the phone is solid , overall a great product and a great price . i like to have extras chargers laying around all around the house so i can charge my phone anywhere .
with the correct usb cables , i can charge 2 things at the time from 1 outlet .
the other newer drivers solved all the weird hibernation problems i 've been experiencing too .
also , repeatedly wiping the ears off might make you remove the pads on your ears and there is absolutely no way to put them back in . however , these headphones are surprisingly clear and crisp .
usually i get static on other bt headsets at 15 feet away . i use this for my computer to record product demos using my bt on my laptop , so this headset doubles as a computer microphone headset that would be great for skype ( skype recognized it right away ) and any recording that needs to be done on the computer maybe it could even be good for gaming .
i use this at work to charge my ipod .
it 's the price you pay for the small package . battery life seems acceptable , comes with wall charger that is a bit counter intuitive but works .
feels great while your holding it .
do n 't get me wrong , this cable is plenty sturdy ( and much sturdier then the retractable microusb connectors ) , but at the end of the day , it is still relatively easy to break the connection head on accident .
yes i am addicted . one thing to remember when using this puppy . . . . go to the clock function on your bold and go to options . . . make sure you select bedside mode when charging . . . . enjoy .
i bought a different brand and it turned out to only play music in mono .
i was able to see the lines on the glass though ( looked like a football field ) . never noticed that on the original screen .
i charged the battery fully and it works as intended with no problems in my phone .
it 's a terrible case and a waste of money !
if there was a dedicated on off button it would not be too much of a hassle , but asking someone to push one button 3 seconds every time is asking alot .
more so , when plugged in , the phone starts auto dialing last dialed numbered . i spent quite a lot of time trying to understand how i can make it work .
i bought these because my zaggs would n 't stay on while running .
i have to say i love this phone !
if you view this piece of equipment more as an investment in protection for your phone rather than a fashion accessory , it 's more than worth it .
after a month it would not charge my phone anymore .
this product is cheap and it no longer works
compared to the apple microphone it is ginormous .
i also like the blue glow . . . . it 's cool !
pairing is not a problem for this headset , once the pairing is recorded in the phone , there are no quirks about pairing it when you need to use it .
it has a secure plug and a normal length .
sound quality is ok , nothing to write home about . .
i use my hub with my imac and it works seamlessly , have had no issues .
they make it sound like its a wireless charging device but in reality it is only if you buy their special case for a select few devices . . .
in addition , when i listen to mp3 files , the hs820 has a warmer sound .
i like that it retracts and stays right at the length that you want it to .
this mount has worked very well across various nissans .
on the plus side , the sound is nice and loud in th speaker .
the recieving antenna will be in the wrong place .
she did n 't think she needed a higher priced bt headset , but she has been pleasantly surprised .
i usually do n 't like headbands but this one is very lightweight does n 't mess up my hair .
yes the 640 is smaller , cooler looking , but the features are not good .
it works with my ipad not my iphone .
for my 2nd gen ipod touch , the volume works , play pause , but the track forward reverse buttons do not work . all in all , i wish i would have gotten something else (
while being subjected to constant gaming and video playback , this backup has been able to keep them both charged to at least75 at all times during 12 hour days in airplanes . the packaging says output is 600ma , but i 'm showing it to be somewhat higher and netting up to 700 when the phone is mostly idle .
the page would not load so i had to wing it .
only complaint , the volume control could be easier to adjust .
i am concerned about losing the cap and then the clip for the pocket is gone too .
so in putting a system together , for a whole home solution , you 'd be wise to call on the manufacturer rather than putting pieces together which may not 'fit' the performance or compatibility of the other components in the system .
once i put on protector on it was really clear no problems at all great feeling to the protector it was cut really well .
what i really like ( after playing with a friend 's ) is the loud ringtones , the good reception ( despite the lack of gsm coverage in brooklyn ) , and the great styling .
by doing that i achieved a solid fit .
the otterbox impact case for nokia e71x is just what i needed to protect my new nokia e71x phone .
these are the best usb charging cables .
from the apple newton through the palm and windows mobile devices , i 've grown accustomed to the stylus and occasionally miss it , especially on my fumble fingered days . the boxwave is n 't , in my opinion , a stylus .
here is a quick rundown connects promptly with my iphone whenever i enter the car sound quality is good ( loud and clear , no echo ) voice features are working perfectly .
i hope that they will be easy to install onto the phone .
this is the first time i had to deal with a bb battery issue .
it arrived 2 days earlier than expected .
this deserves 5 stars simply because it is legitimately the oem cable at the price a cable should be . this is the real deal , it 's a dollar ( i mean it 's a micro usb cable , why are some resellers charging 5 dollars ? ) . not much else to say , it works .
there is no delay between the actors speaking and my hearing the words , which was one complaint review i read before i purchased the headset , and this true for both dvds and directv movies as well , no delay at all .
i was able to get at least 5 charges with light ongoing use , on a full charge .
and the product does pick up allot of background noise .
the battery life on this unit is great .
the functions are really techy and confusing for non techy people , however if you enjoy electronics with lots of toys , you will be just fine . the bad side it 's slow to toggle between screens .
it was tight at first because i have a plastic case around my phone to protect the phone in case i drop it .
out of the three that i got , one has an uneven circle shape for the home button . what 's really bad is that once you 've put the screen protector on , you wo n 't get a clear screen protector .
motorola was kind enough to issue a stern warning about returning this item without calling their toll free number .
the only issue is that when i press on the sides to hold my phone firmly it can trigger the volume control buttons . please note , this device does nothing but hold your smartphone to the windows .
this product is so poorly designed and priced too high that only duracell would choose it market it .
it is one of the nicestest bluetooths i 've ever seen and before i started working here , i never heard of blue ant .
compared to these sonix , the earphones that came with ipod were cheap , ill fitting , uncomfortable and lasted only 3 months . i am not an audiophile and i use these to listen to audiobooks and podcasts for which these earphones are first class far superior to the ear phones that came with ipod . update november 2008 one of the ear pods broke after 3 months of use .
they sell bigger sets on here for cheaper , but made by a different company .
i t a l m o s t the s a m e b u t d o e s the same con cept
unfortunately , i quit using the headset after my callers complained about the call quality .
tapping either button gives you battery life status . battery life is really good , i can average 3 4 calls a day , each about 45min to 1 hour each .
bought this as a surprise for my girlfriend , she used my motorola h800 slider headset commented how it would be nice to have one so she could talk not have the hold the phone .
it came crushed and is slow to charge my phone .
you can speak at a normal volume level and you will be heard .
i purchased this case from my girlfriend and her new samsung galaxy s4 . she had been using an otterbox commuter but was dissatisfied with that case 's bulk .
static filled , not loud enough and not clear .
if you 're looking for a form fitting case that does not add too much bulk to your iphone 3g at a great price , this is the one for you . fit4 . 5 out of 5 nearly perfect .
to line up the ear hole , it causes the button hole to be misaligned and on top of that the whole thing was too large .
i recently purchased the sprint samsung galaxy s3 and it works perfectly with it .
also this is one of those cheap covers that only sort of protects the back of your phone from being scratched .
if you want to use a rotary dial phone , this is a great thing to have .
what was also a plus side on convenience was that i would still be able to use my original phone holsters and cases which i saw may become a problem with using one of those rechargeable cases .
not like staring into the sun bright , but still somewhat bright .
it 's not as cool as the wireless headsets ( bluetooth etc ) but it does n 't take batteries , does n 't have to be recharged and is n 't subject to interference .
the product is easy to use and does n 't take a rocket scientist to operate it .
sound quality and features are fine for the price .
i have an htc inspire 4g and it works great with it , as it should with any micro usb device .
it 's great for teenagers who like shiney things , but for those with iq 's over 60 , it is distracting and blinding .
good mailing time , came in used , i could see the dents and scracthes on this battery , not in packaging , in a plastic cover , it is not new , used or just in bad shape but and i say but it is working very well .
i saved the money and bought the factory re certified .
recommend ! ! and it 's a great price to boost your phone 's antenna .
the first case , although outwardly the same as the first , was a bit looser in fit that allowed the 3gs to fit with a tpu skin just snugly enough . so it appears that the supplier varies and it sometimes is the luck of the draw as to what you get and how well it fits .
do n 't pay retail at the cell phone store .
i bought this for my samsung charge .
i still get an occasional dropped call , or show minimal reception bars even when the phone is in the cradle .
i recently took a trip to vegas and used this on the plane to keep my ipad charged while playing some fieldrunners .
found the itorch and it has saved me !
a significa n 't issue is that it picks up surrounding noise better than the person 's voice who is taking , which means that it often ca n 't be used .
the thin form factor is also a major improvement over the brick like past treos you can actually put this one in your front pocket or your shirt pocket !
no frills , no unnecessary length just the perfect little charging cable at the perfect little price .
i 've fallen in the water kayaking a few times with my ipod touch and lg xenon in these cases .
however , i have seen much less usable button styles on other headsets . * comfortable to wear for about 90 minutes , then the headband tends to become uncomfortable around my ears . for $ 35 , i would purchase these again . . .
i needed to purchase a short usb lightning cable to use it , but it was inexpensive and makes this a great backup power source .
i bought this case to protect the iphone , since replacement was too expensive and at t ; corporate stores do not offer insurance .
everything is great about this phone except for my carrier ( t mobile ) . after getting this phone 4 days ago i activated the online service for my phone .
and , once the 2 clips break , the piece is unusable . so , you get what you pay for ! junk .
there is a good chance that the case itself will push up against the bottom of your protector .
it 's a crapshoot when you build a complex mechanism out of parts that break or wear easy , or are n 't built to spec in the first place .
works decent in noisy conditions but the ear piece is much more clear and loud compared to the motorola .
when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything .
the other problem was how to carry the thing .
my phone is a batthery hog !
calls are very clear and static free , just be sure you place the unit and your cell phone in an area of your house where you get a good cell phone signal .
i bought this 1 amp charger just for that reason and it came through with flying colors .
1 ) changes the way you deal with your iphone since you are n 't worried about fingerprints all the time2 ) protects from minor scratches3 ) adds a little finger texture to dragging your hand .
i bought this set to fix a pair of eyeglasses that had loose screws .
i have had the chance to locate the name of the case and holster and it is from rhino brand .
i hope this is updated sometime soon , because i assume it is a new ics android 4 . 0 issue .
in the meantime i am using the free plug in type i received when i bought my phone .
my fingers did n 'tglide accross the screen .
this product did not work out of the box .
this si the oem battery for many motorola phones from a few years back .
that said it works well and pairing was easy after getting the light to turn purple .
what else is there to say but it fit perfectly , the inside polished my screen so every time it was clean and it slipped in and out of my pocket easily .
i bought an additional one for a company executive who kills batteries quickly .
mine came with 3 one more 2 arm section than it 's typically pictured with which is nice , but length is n 't the problem it 's that it does n 't articulate ( bend ) enough .
before i purchased it , i thought it was small , unobtrusive , no blinky blinky lights , very subtle and professional .
checking with motorola about warranty , but really disappointing .
its ok to buy its just a charger it works fine with the iphone so i have no problems with the charger
whether you use that info to reduce your electricity usage or not is up to you .
i like the fact that it does n 't add much thickness to the phone , but adds grip .
this protects the glass screen of the iphone perfectly , and keeps it from getting smugged from holding it to your face and constantly touching the screen . easy to install , just clean the screen with a lint free cloth and put it in place .
going wireless is the only way to go and i would highly recommend these to anyone wanting to get rid of the wire and get a great deal on bluetooth headphones .
what if the phone falls on this corner ?
and being a soft case , it 's very protective .
this one is definitely mostly for show ( and it shows off your apple logo with it 's pretty transparency ) , with some protection for the screen , keeping it from getting scratched if you were to put it face down .
i used to have a wireless headset only , which was great for moving , but i could not mute unmute when away from my desk .
these arrived on time and in great shape .
with the charging dock you just lay the phone on it and you 'll feel the magnetic pull and that 's it , your phone starts charging .
very goodv very good very good very good very good v very good ha ha ha ha h ah aah
like others have said in their reviews , this cable does not seem well made at all .
the most secure way to exercise and listen to your music or news .
then told me to keep the broken one , which i was able to fix with some krazy glue ! really incredible customer support . . . i will never hesitate to buy something branded with the logitech name ! btw , 5 stars on the earpiece itself once it was repaired with the glue .
the packaging was great and the hard plastic case is great for storage or even travel .
this is a long 3 . 5 cable , before buying , pay attention to the length to make sure its the appropriate for you .
i turned down the bass on my stereo .
i 've been using my plantronics voyager 510 recertified bluetooth headset for just over a week now with my sony ericsson z750a . i hear every one i call perfectly .
it comes with a microusb cable which but itself cost $ 3 if you buy from other places .
it 's clear , so you can actually see the phone itself underneath .
i was barely able to pick up a bar of service , no matter where i mounted the antenna , and i still dropped calls in typical spots that i dropped them before i had it .
i read all the reviews and to debate the con of the screen , * you need to buy the anit glare from the apple store .
nice charger and you cannot go wrong with motorola .
it does what it 's supposed to .
the one thing i am worried about is how thin the plastic is that holds the phone in the case .
it does cause little air bubbles in the corners of the screen protector but , once again , that is to be expected with any case that hugs the sides of the phone . in short , this was definitely worth the $ 20 i paid for it ( incl .
this is really an amazing cable . . . .
first off let me say that i am a member of the club i do n 't wear my headset when i am not using it , or club idwmhwianui for short .
i have not been disappointed with this product . not only is it designed well and fits great in my hand , but it has performed as necessary .
i opened the package , cleaned the iphone surface with a moist paper towel first , then with a dry napkin ( my simple way of cleaning the surface ) , then cleaned with the cleaning cloth supplied ( it all took less than a minute ) , and applied the screen protector .
this is a knock off that looks very similar to the real apple usb charging cable .
no experience with the newer ones . the 8700c is well made but has two major problems .
the headset works ok ( although people at the other end of a call complained about some echo ) , but it did not come with the ear buds .
the material is of above average quality .
probably not fully charging all three on one charge , but enough to last me the day .
the purpose of screens is to prevent scractches that occur during regular usage .
so i bought a much higher quality brand and it worked no problem .
my guess is that the internal wires are not connected at the right spots in the plugs .
excellent value . . . good quality . . . good function . . . no problems with it other than the typical difficult entry into the phone itself . . . which seems to be prevalent on all chargers for iphones .
great phone case . . . should have bought this before !
the audio is lost when your in movement .
i 've used this bluetooth for close to three years .
i wanted something more substantial , and thought this case might work .
but the ones i received did not come as described no cool little case but some fake velvet bag .
i got two of these , one for the car and one for home use .
purchased this primarily to pair with new ipad and secondarily with a bluetooth cellphone .
i attached the p790 with an adaptor i bought at the same time .
your mileage may vary , but i would highly recommend you consider a different headset .
recommend that no one buy this product that was made in china . now i know why it only cost me $ 0 . 01 , even though shipping cost me $ 4 . 28 . i only used it once and it did n 't even charge my phone ; instead it drained my phone 's battery . worst of all , the device smells like a burnt electrical wire .
the motorola does not pick up my voice unless i hold it firmly against the side of my face , pointing to the mouth . the boom tends to swing away from the face . i tried all of the ear fittings hoping i would find one that more securely held it in place , to no avail .
a short cable should be provided with the manufacturer .
so i received this ipad iphone cord in the mail two days ago and it has been going strong .
i just purchased the treo 650 with alltel ( not specified here on amazon ) and have loved it .
the phone was slow and did n 't even upgrade it , but the advantage was i could just put the international sim card into the device and it began to work
great dealer quickly replaced the two defective ones with two working cables .
the rubbed edge is nifty but then the plastic was just thin and the kickstand is just poorly made . . .
this is a complaint about the phone though not the headset . update 03 05 2005i just bought an hs 810 because i keep getting complaints of background noise being louder than my voice .
sometimes they fall out of my ears .
however , upon receipt i could not fit the scanner into the case as it is about 1 2 inch too short .
this always gives me a good grip and assurance that my phone will not slip out of my hands everthis one looks to be a better quality then few other ebay no name brand s curve cases
the led will be orange when it is being charged .
it only functions for about 10 ft or less from the desktop booster , and the tuning is a bit finnicky , but i am able to maintain service while near the booster .
this case does n 't detract from the look of my iphone 3gs at all while protecting it .
so this cord works on when plugged into the wall .
used in combination with rubberized grip cover and the phone is still in excellent condition .
i got it in and it nicely fits my phone and holds it in snugly with no fuss .
after the first one expired largely due to the inability to recharge , brought on by exposure to pockets , etc . i bought two blt 04 cases to take care of the replacement headset i got .
i was not happy because i have to take my phone out of the otterbox defender series ( what a pain ) to snap the phone into place in this holder .
ear piece was broken upon receipt .
it works and gets the job done , i was worried since it was not specifically an apple product that my ipod would not charge with it .
the headsets do n 't work for me .
i got the case the same day i went to purchase the s5 . case is easy to take off and put on after the 1st time of disassembly .
he just keeps a super cheap , small , prepaid phone , and he leaves it in the center console of the truck .
but , when i pluged the cable into my computer to charge my phone , then unpluged it .
it is the official samsung charger so i was sure it would work just fine .
it has a pretty good range , so i can walk around my house and leave my phone in its charger , without losing the signal .
looks good , has some grip to it , does the job .
some gadget dependent travelers might consider carrying more than one since the unit will also charge the batteries of many devices . this is one of those simple devices that awe me a single purpose device , beautifully engineered and manufactured to meet the design goal .
i got this powermat because it looked cutting edge and i thought it would be worth it to spend $ 100 to simplify re charging small electronic devices .
it feels like its of a high quality , leather has worn well so far , phone does not slip out , does a good job of protecting the screen .
it depends on how often you use your camera and whether you 've already got camera protection .
but this one is not even strong enough to hold the phone on its own .
everything you would want from a cheap pair of wireless headphones . but they are just not made to take much abuse .
it fits the iphone 3g perfectly by snapping on in two pieces , a top and bottom .
looks nice next to a macbook or imac .
the leather looks good and holds the case well . shipping is expensive .
it work great when it did .
this case basically snaps on in place , so it 8217 ; s very easy to simply slide your iphone in , and snap it into place .
luckily i purchased a different kind for the galaxy note 3
using it to charge my galaxy s2 right now .
i wanted to be able to charge my phone and use my radar detector simultaneously , it worked great for almost a month and then all of the sudden it stopped .
not to long , not to short .
some screens you have to use a scroll bar , others you just drag your finger to scroll down .
the moto is kind of clunky feeling you know you 're wearing it but not that uncomfortable .
where is your quality department samsung ? ? ? do n 't buy samsung products ! ! ! please be wise ! ! ! !
now my brother can lose weight and listen to music .
the only thing that i might mention is that there might be cheaper screen protectors out there but i chose this one because of the amazon prime shipping option .
this charger does charge fast and the quality is excellent for the price .
keeps phone from cracking and braking when dropped .
not really a fan of the length , but it works well for my desk at work .
the receiver still can hear background noise when it is windy . this device works well with my iphone , although sometimes i get an echo .
what can i say , it works as advertised with no issues .
i like oem products , particularly when it comes to batteries .
this set has many uses for otherthings also .
although the seller did give me a full refund without question , my cable did n 't work at all with any of the cc readers i have .
i love that these are compact without earbud covers which can easily fall off and loose .
as the new htc one had so few alternatives for a proper case , i ordered one from hong kong and i decided on getting the evercase to protect my phone while the case from asia arrived .
the product arrived and i read the instructions and charged the battery for the recommended time .
the best feature is that the suction cup is one of the best i 've seen .
shows up totally deformed ( top of the case does n 't even touch the phone because it was cast crooked ) , and i have to pay to mail it back to them if i want a replacement ?
the cord is no longer than the apple one , the seller lies and say 's it is , and it has syncing problems .
since i use a different holder for the suction , i cannot comment on the suction power of this particular unit .
the clip works great and fits over my iphone case ( note it has to be a tight fitting one ) . the pogo sketch and stylus are fun to use and they will last , if you use them properly .
that plastic will just snap with normal use .
it 's a worry free , stress free stylus . at first , it did take me a few minutes to adjust the pressure i needed to use to use the evertouch stylus to get the results i want .
works for me , during long ( and i mean long ) road trips it will charge your phone .
i always have to crank it up to its highest level since it fits rather loosely . which leads to my main beef fit .
a quick remedy to this is to switch it to the other ear ( the way the headset is makes this incredibly easy ) .
the red is a great shade and makes the phone a little more attractive for those who care .
also , it is still not possible to use wireless charging with these cases , which is a real shame .
i charge my phone everyday ( . . .
as soon as he puts his phone in the holster it slides right out .
this is only my 2nd headset , and i much prefer it to the motorola hs850 . it stays in your ear and has plenty of volume to overcome road noise in a car .
i bought this to try and repair a pos dash cam , even though this battery is great it was not the issue . . .
some headsets are mid range only , but i 'm happy to report these rein in the full scope of sound . they seem to have one small drawback the volume .
running has definitely been more enjoyable .
it 's not going to blow your mind but perfectly acceptable for causal use . microphone picks up my voice well .
of course , after this charger died , i had to go back to the 1 slot design i was using before . after 3 months , i began to notice the led light flickering .
t mobile told me the talk time is 5 hours ( 300min ) . who do you believe ?
did n 't work , it did not work at all .
the laser pointer is a very cool feature especially if you have cats .
very good value for the money .
i finally got online and read the online manual to figure out how to adjust it and make use of its features .
not the best looking and a bit bulky but provides much better protection than most other cases .
this seller is shady and should not be allowed to sell on amazon .
works for any phone with micro usb jack . well built and functional . end of story .
very nice ! however , the second time i used it , i tried pointing the high power antenna out a window on the opposite side of the house to see if there was a closer cell site .
they are nothing special for sure , but it 's nice that you can tell when it is powered up by the led that glows in it .
as for a blue light not being seen perfectly in the daytime , again , who cares ?
i love the way it can charge 2 devices at once !
i found this sim card to be exactly what i needed .
i 've read many reviews on the voyager pro that where a little on the negitive side , mostly due to the looks of the piece , to clunking looking . . . . . . . . . who cares ! it does the job , , , pairing up to the phone to make and recieve calls with excellent sound .
the only drawback is that the thing is loaded with eight led 's and they stay on whenever it 's powered either by the computer or by its own power source .
i 've tweaked mine and added 3rd party programs , but you ca n 't get around the fact that it 's pretty darn hard to make a simple phone call without the stylus , and it 's especially frustrating to use the keypad for call options ( e . g .
some did not fit 'right' and one gave me an earache .
why narrow possible buyers to blackberry 8900 , 9500 , and 8220 owners , when it 's simple micro usb cable , which works with any compatible device ?
i have used it to fully charge a couple of the family 's smartphones , top up the charge on my ipad and fully charge a kindle fire all with no issues .
once you get the volume at a decent level everything is great until you go to turn the speaker off it plays this cheesy chiming noise at the an outrageous volume level because that his how loud i had to turn up the speaker to be able to hear them .
you can feel the mold seems .
it 's so silky smooth to the touch and flexible it just glides gracefully across my kindle fire 's screen .
the only two gripes i had with this case . . .
plug the phone to this and no more battery drain .
decent contruction and should last a while . my only gripe is that the case is about 1 4 inch too wide and 1 2 inch too long for my iphone .
very satisfying for music or movies . easy pairing with my phones ( google nexus 4 and samsung flip ( dumb ) phone ) . i just wish the band went over my head , rather than having the band rest on my neck .
plus because the s pen is in the corner of the phone and the cut for it really big , it does n 't provide good protection at this corner .
try something else , like a bluetrek or motorola or something .
all the ports are open and the power and volume buttons , though covered , function perfectly . if you want a simple , affordable skin that will protect from bumps and bruises without much added bulk , for the price of a large starbucks latte' you ca n 't beat this one !
i 'm not doing any drop testing , but like some others i 'm sceptical about the claims of impact protection . i had a big problem with the clear screen protector it had little paper stickers on both sides ( at the edge ) , that were to be pulled off before after application .
also , the case wraps to the front of the screen and protrudes about 1 16 beyond the glass so it protects the screen if the phone is accidentally slid across the floor or it 's dropped flat on the glass .
i did take off a star in the rating because products like these are marketed in a slightly exaggerated way . there 's nothing 34 ; sticky 34 ; about the product .
i started carrying my cord to recharge my phone , but i need an outlet for that , and my car 's cigarette lighter outlet never worked . one night after work , i got in my car in the back corner of the dark parking lot only to find a dead car battery .
i would even spend $ 8 on this phone case .
i like the flip cover because it provides protection for the screen while in my pocket .
however i was able to use a small pouch to fit both my phone and charger so i can charge my phone without worrying too much . another thing i 've noticed is a slight indentation where the micro usb cable sits .
i compared it to a bluespoon ax7 in ear headset , and i ended up keeping my fake h700 . overall , it has been a very good copy , although not the real thing .
this is the first bluetooth device that i 've been happy with right out of the box .
sometimes the adjustable input cable connector gets loose and just needs to be plugged in tightly .
it 's not a lot of fun ( few games or other diversions available for it ) , but as a business tool , it gets the job done really well and in style .
phone book name displys only first half of first line , although it allows you to enter two lines . 5 . on off button some times takes second try . 6 . it 's not straight forward to save work home mobile . . .
for example , if your smartphone is in a case and the case surrounds the microusb connector closely , you may have a problem with this cable . other than caveat , this is a well priced , reasonably durable unit . jerry
downsides it 's not waterproof , sweat tends to fray it at the seams .
the cable get loose on connection and it does n 't work .
when i received it , i realized that it only works with motorola , nokia and blackberry phones .
unfortunately , the outgoing sound is a deal breaker .
however , read on . the mini usb input is the typical one you find on a camera , card reader , or older phone .
fits like a glove and does n 't look bad at all .
it charges even when it is in sleep mode . it is tiny and extremely convenient . the price is high , but for the convenience and function it provides it is worth it .
excellent guard , arrived in perfect condition .
first , let me say that i am not personally a fan of this bluetooth .
used them to replace side rails on blackberry curve 8320 . having read the reviews about poor quality of these tools , i had to be very careful not to damage the tips on all of them .
this case does not do that well .
this pod does not have the same finish but a cheaper , dull looking chrome .
and the price is allot better than the name brand one .
although it is being sold as a new oem blackberry battery , allegedly the same as what comes with one 's blackberry , i do n 't think it is .
my old charger stopped working , tried just replacing the tip and sure enough it works well again ! ! fits perfectly and sends a good current .
new in box and unlocked , made it so easy to switch it to the carrier she had .
but that could be a phone problem in general . 30 feet ?
ordered these because it seems like every time you turn around you are looking for a cord to plug your phone it to charge it or to sync it to the computer or to play music but you can never find one .
this is the perfect travel companion for keeping your blackberry charged .
i like this original nokia charger . . very cheap but shipping is more expensive than the original price .
this tool popped open the case , and slid the edges open .
i will get right down to the pros and cons pros * comfortable to wear and stay in place . * very good call reception quality . * decent stereo music playback quality . * fairly good battery life . * universal usb charging port . * easy pairing . * good looks that do n 't look ridiculous or rude . cons * sometimes very poor call quality when talking .
also small enough to fit in my pocket . cons the battery strength indicator light system can be confusing at first .
for me , the actual cost with shipping was around $ 3 , so it 's definitely worth that .
when driving in a car , this happened rather frequently . in short , this headset is an absolute bargain whose only drawback may be with regard to operating in noisy environments .
i bought this cheapo case for my iphone 3gs , while my wife bought a 30 dollar case at the at t store .
this has been really durable , especially at the micro usb end , where these chargers usually tend to fail .
i also tried a spn5689a with no luck . otherwise the charger will charge my moto atrix hd just fine , but for that purpose i have much smaller and faster chargers available .
this phone is so easy to use with the touchscreen or the keyboard .
in my test , i charged the new headphones over night , then paired them with the macbook pro and played audio from itunes .
a plug in headset is just hassle free and always ready to use . i do n 't want to use a super high quality headset in the car because they like to get stuck to my pants and end up dragging on the ground when i get out of the car .
broke 2 months after using due to pulling from the cord , not from the plug head .
i 'm very satisfied with this result already . i 'm still looking for a decent wall charger to use as a backup for the stock charger and to replace the useless griffin wall charger .
your tolerance for pain and discomfort on the other hand better be .
be advised that it requires the source to have a2dp protocol , otherwise you ca n 't use it for stereo .
cleaning it to get it back to new would be difficult since it sticks to pretty much anything , but i do n 't see that being a problem long term , as it even sticks on a veritcal surface perfectly .
i wish the connector body was longer so i did n 't have to grasp the skinny cord to pull the adapter out of the phone .
i did not notice a shorter or longer charging time when charging one device versus two .
i have an iphone 4s and was using my old blackberry headphones with it for talking in the car which worked great right up until i shut the cord in the glove box and snapped an end off .
a previous reviewer mentioned having to carry 2 chargers .
for the price , the tools that come with it are surprisingly adequate .
the jabra extreme is pretty comfortable in my right ear and usually delivers good reception with my blackberry storm 2 smartphone .
i regret buying this phone , it 's really big , and verizon service is n 't that great with this phone .
this bt enabled unit is the perfect gift for anyone with a cell phone . no more complicated setups .
voice calls start ok but become staticky and garbled up 5 10 minutes into the call .
the protectors are easy and simple to install , and they seem to hold up well against use .
but it does not affect it at all for when it comes to charging and data transfer .
it has a great aesthetic and compact design that is perfect for travel , and works well when recharging my phone ( samsung galaxy s3 ) . what i like about the device sleek , slim design that is compact . fast charging time faster than my time with the oem cable . intuitive yet minimal display .
the cutouts are all in the correct location .
it 's the best nextel has offered yet , although there 's rumor that a camera phone is coming out soon .
i tried a leather case that had clear plastic over the screen , and it ended up scratching my screen protector ( glad i had that installed ! ) . i searched for other cases and almost bought a standard silicon case but just did n 't like how sticky they feel when trying to put in one 's pocket and how they do n 't always fit tightly . this case solves both problems .
it is long and slim , easy to hold and use .
it is a great device that has restored my faith in bluetooth technology . the other piece you should know is that this headset is extremely comfortable .
not heavy , stand work the way it should and it fits like a glove .
a cable popular for cameras and camcorders awhile back .
it has both a clip and two solid loops so it ca n 't fall off your belt .
it was a very tight fit onto my phone , and once it was on it was a struggle to get it off , made me break multiple nails . . .
although , taking the case on and off can be difficult and can ruin the case 's durability , so if you want to change cases make sure you really want too .
i read a few of the reviews that said hard to fit .
i have been told by many people that the sound is incredible compared to their bluetooth headphones .
another huge plus is that this case is less than $ 10 which is a great deal . the only down side is that the phone is hard to get out of your pocket due to the rubber finish .
the voyager pro has a nice sturdy design , the buttons are easy to use , it 's comfortable to wear , and the sound quality is great .
the seller sent two more cables and they were no better .
you may also need to purchase more clips that fit into the grid .
one drawback of any soap bar , or candy bar style phone is that you have to lock the keyboard with some button combination every time you put it away or it will dial the last person you called , or someone on speed dial when you inadvertently push one of it 's keys .
pretty much the same features as the 7290 but with a great screen and speakerphone . pros screen is perfect . speaker phone is the best i have ever heard . call quality and volume is excellent the 2 short cut keys and call keys are a great edition . nice form factor . cons nothing really new added . battery life is crap . no option for camera internet has edge but to be honest there is no noticable diff in speed .
i did need to call at t and have data blocked on the phone , because i do n 't subscribe to a data service plan and at t loves when you use it anyway to charge a small fortune per kb .
got this because i had some extra i phone cables but needed more chargers .
note the contacts are regular steel .
the bluetooth makes a very poor connection to your cell phone device and looses and regains connection strength as you are using it .
i would look for another adapter , if you are looking for one like this .
if technical support is important to you ( as it should be ) , you will be happy with the blueant folks .
i can access almost all web sites .
color options are cool . ( and there more of then if you shop elsewhere ! ) build quality a , it 's a solid unit with good materials . comfort b , it 's lightweight with a decent ear clip .
also i think the team is not completely new .
cable was delivered promptly and is actually stronger than the original cable that came with the phone .
great price , prompt , free shipping ( came in a small bubble bag with no fancy packaging ) . i plugged it in and it works . ca n 't ask for more than that !
and the big surprise , both cables i received were the longer version about 58 inches .
the wrist strap is handy , and the sides are firm enough to be a good protection for anything stored inside . highly recommended .
well worth in investment and the pice was great ! !
with this fix , you will still be able to close your boom .
and the easier it is to get the bubbles out .
she needed a comfortable headset and a lightweight phone body since her calls can last upwards of an hour and she needs her hands free while using the computer or checking inventory .
i wanted something low profile and black to match my car , this does the trick .
the main reason i got this case is because i loved how you could see the chrome edge around the screen .
this charging cable works well and does not kind or bend in use or storage connections are strong and tight best for good clean connections
it 's picked up a lot of dark smudges and looks like crud , but neither soap and water nor 409 will remove the smudges . ( hmmm .
to give a sense on how well this thing works , i went from bluetooth to handset while driving , and my listener did n 't even notice i switched .
unfortunately , the battery , the reset button , and the microsd card slot are all located back there .
it is half the length of the original cable that came with my galaxy s2 , which worked out good for me as i am using this for my car charger .
it was easy to hook up , plug it in and go .
this never happens with the scala 500 . additionally , volume is easily regulated . pairing with the motorola mpx220 phone was quick and easy .
this is a very handy thing because when charging the pixie plus i got ; goes into night mode which means a much lower light level on the face and it begins to display the time of day , which i am using continually as i am a light sleeper , and i like this feature of my new mobile system plenty !
thankfully it delivers sound quality on both ends of the call is exceptional .
the car charger adapter is cheaply made , but works if you are delicate with it .
thought i was going to get a cheap replacement ( not the one pictured ) . this was the same nokia charger ( ac 4u ) that came with my n800 . the only difference is that it did not come with the velcro strap .
it varies according to use but it runs from 6 9 hours right now .
i think it looks ok , but not great .
once , i upgraded to the iphone 4 , the gap was even bigger !
if the louvers are vertical , it wo n 't work as well because of how the brace works .
it is very compact and allows me to download music to my phone from my computer or charge it from the computer or the car .
i bought this as a replacement after my original mini usb tip got bent and would n 't charge my phone anymore .
this is a great car charger , and it does not cost near as much as the junk you get at the local store not to mention this is the samsung brand charger verses their junk .
except , this charger is very fast . this should work with any cell phone that has a micro usb connection .
it is a great bluetooth , the sound quality is great
a lot of money for just one piece of plastic , but it works and at least they 've made the installation simpler . . .
this unit can be charged with your apple charger but its inconvenient to carry around and the fear of losing that cable is always there .
the only con to this is that it does not have its own usb wall plug , but that is n 't so bad because most people buying this would already have an iphone ipod android adapter anyways .
my friends ca n 't tell that i 'm on a bt headset .
i made sure this was a real motorola ( has all proper connections and holographs on stickers ) product .
seems to work great , and at a very good price .
being ineligible for a contract extension upgrade meant that i would be looking for a new phone , unlocked , at a rather substantial cost .
the case looks super cute on my white iphone .
it requires just the right amount of force to get the phone out . i 've only had this case for a couple of weeks now , but it looks like it will hold up well .
it is clearly too small to adequately protect your iphone .
this charger literally smokes all others .
great charger , though there may be cheaper options .
i 'm very happy with the fact that i 'm cutting down on e waste by eliminating so many of the proprietary chargers for my devices . it 's a great concept , and quality product , and the perfect accessory .
i 'm a truck driver , and i drive an older , not so quiet rig , so noise cancelling is what i 'm looking for most when i shop for a headset along with a comfortable fit .
it holds so many albums and the sound is fabulous .
the range is n 't too bad i think i can get about 30 feet from my i870 . if only my crappy nextel phone could keep up will the quality of the headset .
time will tell if they hold up or not .
so i have been using the charger and it is unbelievable ! pros light weightshape is made so that it fits great in your hand . holds an amazing charge ! charges in 6 hours so over night you do n 't even feel it . the led light and red laser are actually coming in handy surprisingly .
the ear loop did n 't improve the fit .
i bought this wireless charging dock mostly out of curiousity .
taking off theduracall case would get old very quick . 2 . you have to give up whatever case you have today .
i bought this item to replace that generic car charger that verizon sells to you as part of a bundle .
i am in south texas working the oilfield and i get pretty good service from verizon at most times but this is a must have for your truck if you travel or experience low signal reception .
i am also able to charge my sandisk sansa without any issues .
but it charges my cell phone and my ipod shuffle just fine . works great
i like how the unit has a flashing led to let you know that it is on .
some work perfectly and others wont stick in certain areas .
best of all , i only have to tie up a single outlet . my only complaint is that i would like to be able to turn off all the little leds for each connected device .
not only do you get the benefit of hiding all those unsightly cords and making things look nice and tidy , but often you get additional storage compartments and drawers . . .
it works marvelous . so if you want to use your phone like a phone avoid the surfacepad !
i got two of these to have as powered spares , along with a portable charger ( that also charges via usb ) , so i can always keep one charging , one charged , and one being used !
the person on the other end could always hear me well too .
you can sit in a crowded restaurant and the person you are talking to thinks you are alone in a quiet office . brilliant design that every phone maker should license and build in to their handsets . it has two microphones , one facing your mouth and one facing out .
i use the headset with an iphone and already knew i could n 't use it to skip tracks .
so i love the look and feel , it shows off this pone .
handles are small and can be hard to loosen a screw if torqued down .
i 've had this bluetooth for over a year now and it works like a charm .
when i set them without using the headset it did not work well . great little device .
for the money , it is a great value .
no issues whatsoever , great quality and easy to use . .
i 've heard complaints from people about the quality coming through their end , and i guess that is because the noiseassassin piece does n 't quite touch my jaw .
however i must admit that the case seemed a little light and cheesy to me .
this case is probably safer than a bomb shelter ! companies customer service was extremely helpful and veryyy satisfying of a customers needs !
i needed another charger for my samsung galaxy note and this one was fairly reasonably priced so i ordered it .
after receiving the product and charging it i found the following total charging time for 2 1 2 hours is a necessity as outlined in the instruction manual .
only issue is the buttons on the device were confusing to learn how to use at first but now that i know , everything is great !
i wound up removing the velcro from the front because it made too much noise , and just was n 't doing anything .
this cover is the best thing i have found yet .
easy to put on if you take your time .
bought this for my new at t ; galaxy sii , the case arrived super fast , its fits the phone perfectly and snug .
no more sore and bent necks .
i bought these so my headset would be more comfortable . . . these hurt your ears just like the one that comes with it no matter what size you use .
it is only useful for phone calls .
within 1 week none of them would work .
they made it easy to apply to the screen and it did n 't bubble up and fall off like some other cheap screens .
i love that it lights up too so you know when it 's plugged in !
buyers beware . . . . the battery depicted adjacent to the item description is not the battery i received for my v3m .
i took the item out of the package and plugged it into the 12v . . . went to put my ipod usb in and the plastic piece was already loose and falling out .
sure , it 's a neat concept to just take your cell phone out of your pocket , toss it on the tray , and let it be charged .
since my i870 battery goes dead in like 1 1 2 with the extended batter pack i have to plug it in to charge .
i have gone through three of them1 i ran over . . . 2 the plastic that holds it in the outlet got worn down from use and now the 3rd one it makes a connection but a slight bump might knock it loose and stop charging the phone
i purchased the headset for my husband who 's a truck driver and he loves it .
it is very compact and neatly retractable .
the range of the headphones does depend on what kind of room you are in , or if your in a room at all .
people have complained of my voice being sketchy and radio like .
very solid construction , quality zipper as well .
it does make the phone a bit bulkier but it looks really cool though , otterbox did a great job with the design .
it is also worth mentioning that you ca n 't use regular rechargeable batteries .
i have another speaker set ( starts with b , ends with s ) that provides a much richer sound experience . i also was not able to easily get the tenqa working with my home pc bluetooth . . . i fiddled around for awhile then gave up and i 'm usually fairly techie . so , i give it three stars for being a convenient small speaker box you can stream wirelessly from your cellphone .
1 sellerrapid service ! ! i had a problem with this produce but dealer was more then a champion to have customer satisfaction . i strongly recommend this dealer ! ! way to go , thank you ! !
since ipod touch has pretty bad battery life ( if you use wifi much at all ) , it 's a great thing to have this option to keep powered up .
sound quality on earpiece seems fine to me does not stick in ear , but does not have to be blasting loud to hear . fits in the coin pocket of my jeans which is great too .
nokia is releasing the n96 soon , then the nokia tube , hence the price drops .
with the great memory management app on the device , you can make sure you fully close applications and free up the device memory .
if you like slimmer cases that do n 't add weight or thickness to your phone then get those cases , but if you like to keep your phone cushioned from drops and frequent chewing by an 11 month old , then this is your case .
i have been looking for a good sturdy window mount and have bought a number of them this year alone . the satechi mount is easy to use and gives you a good number of easily adjustable positions . you would think that a suction cup is a suction cup , but i can tell you that they are not all created equal .
afraid the iphone might come out . . . .
get it to charge your devices today .
i have to jiggle the body of it around until a good connection is produced .
i was at my bluetooth pairing screen , turned on the earpiece while i was going to look at how to pair it up .
that being said , the current design does offer some added stability to keep the hub from falling over .
while the extra pocket might seem handy , i can keep everything else in my wallet .
other cases are slimmer fitting , but they do n 't offer this much protection . also , charging , headphones and silent switch are buggers since they have covers you have to pull back to access .
it 's practical , it works , it does what its ment to do , and its price is amazing .
i went ahead and ordered these , mostly due to price nowhere can you find wireless stereo headphones for $ 35 ! there 's a reason , though .
the only things that are bad are it does make your phone bigger which is obvious because your getting a double sized battery , the back case does slightly muffle your speaker ( hardly noticeable ) , and that the camera hole has no protective glass or plastic .
i wish it had a little more reach so i could use the phone from the passenger seat of the car more comfortably but its not a big problem .
i was excited about receiving this phone cover .
it works perfectly with my phone no problems . . .
if i wear them for more than 30 minutes , the top of my ears against my head hurt .
a minute in a blue jeans pocket will coat the thing .
the main reason for getting these headphones is that you do n 't want to look like an idiot with big elephant size headphones hanging on your head like most other bluetooth headsets look like . but , the size is the cause of most of the problems .
incredible price compared to the $ 20 verizon and rim ask for accessories .
the quality seems really good and they just have a nice feel to them .
the question for me was does this work on kindle 2 . yes or no ? answer for me is yes , at least on my equipment ( nothing proprietary ) . works fine for data and charging on kindle 2 . i use a lot of these retractable cables to keep my desk a bit cleaner from cable clutter and make traveling easier .
now here 's the super annoying part .
after some wear , the phone began to slip around the camera opening but it may have been because i was rough with it .
it 's see through so i put some fortunes from fortune cookies to show through on the back for fun . but just be warned that the product picture is of the blue galaxy note phone , so if you have a white one the case will appear lighter in color .
i guess they afraid lg would look their support material and making better phone than motorola , so they would rather hide the driver in their grandma 's mattress even their own support engineer could not find that driver . . . .
sound is loud and clear up to 30 40 feet from the phone source .
the cord works but the ipod does n 't .
like most of the other reviews say , this rubbery case has a smooth exterior , so it does n 't feel like an uncomfortable sticky rubber .
my one and only complaint is the length of it .
i purchased this cable like many others because my samsung vibrant has horrible battery life .
this one is for the curve .
the cable does feel different than the cable that came with the phone , but it works .
i ended up going to walmart to buy the y splitter cables .
if you 're more into pop and hip hop or classical you 'll likely find the low end really lacking .
it works fine . i mainly ordered this after reading the reviews for my iphone , to do both answer calls and listen to an acceptable level of bluetooth music . a ) the bluetooth music is bad .
this battery was purchased for my motorola rizr z3 . i believe the battery is a motorola battery but certainly not brand new .
it has a very secure magnetic flap that is apparently metal shielded so as not to interfere with my phone 8217 ; s data . con i wish there was better clarity about which sizes ( 3xl , 4xl , 5xl , l long , large , medium ) to purchase for which phone .
sound was fine through the headset , however the mic did not work at all . waste of money and not worth returning .
so it got four stars from me , but other than that it works , and sounds great ! ! ! !
wow . $ 7 is too good to be true for a good battery . ( $ 7 . 00 is with shipping . )
it is also a very bulky top charger , the bulkiest i 've seen in years , so it 's hard to fit other things in the outlet or power strip next to it .
now they are my laptop ear phones , which is fine .
this is probly a gr8 cell phone headset but when it cums 2 a work environment business calls now could hear me !
did n 't want to buy all new charging and data cables when my new phone accepted a micro usb instead of a mini usb .
colors are great and feel is soft with traction enough to give a stable grip .
it broke where it was supposed to pivit while inserting it in my ear one day .
i bought the plantronics 320 today .
in fact it actually makes the signal weaker !
it seems to work perfectly for charging and for data transfers ( which is where many cheaper cables tend to drop the ball ) .
works very well with my ipod touch .
it works fine if there 's no road noise , but as soon as you hit the freeway your callers are all saying what , what !
after reading many reviews i realized that the issue of weak cell signals can be fixed , easily and permanently , with a cell phone that can use wifi to make receive calls text and data .
besides inadvertantly ending calls when the thing threatens to drop off my ear , i would also get a strange noise sometimes when attempting to answer a call ( kind of like the noise you hear when tightening guitar strings ) . too bad they did such a terrible job in the fitting department .
i placed this in the door window and it seems to have given me a 1 bar boost so it seems to work fine for me .
the transaction was quick and easy .
if my phone ( sony ericsson t637 ) is more than an arm 's length away , i hear a crackling noise .
the itorch feels nice and sturdy in your hand and also comes with a convenient carrying pouch to keep the battery pack and usb cable together .
sound quality and volume are fine for my use .
the length is very short as other reviewers have mentioned , but for what i paid ( $ 4 . 70 shipped ) , i 'm ok with that .
and i was n 't thrilled with the quality of sound with the fm tuners ( my brother has one for his car ) . there is a little bit of a clicking sound that appears once it starts playing , but with road nose and the general nose of the car , it is a non issue . . . ca n 't even hear it .
when i went to take the charger out of my wallit snapped in half .
the handles are long enough for some good leverage .
this case was good for a while ( couple months ) then it started covering up the part of the phone makes it think you have it up to your face ( 3 little sensors in the upper left of the screen ) and since it was covered it would turn off the screen thus make hanging up or doing anything impossible .
not under 3 feet , which would probably suit the car purpose better .
i have a samsung galaxy s3 , and i have a total of 4 chargers ( including the wall charger that came with the galaxy s3 ) . this is by far the best car charger i have ever owned .
plus the it does n 't look like a block of plastic hanging off your ear .
unfortunately we realized immediately that it would not take a charge from the standard side usb plug , so this was our solution .
currently one of the only headsets known to work well with the htc mogul .
i like the voice prompts as well .
i may have to get different case , but for $ 0 . 50 $ 2 . 50 shipping what do you expect .
this holster will not keep your phone clean as the top is open but that is good if you want to plug in earphones .
bought as a spare charger for the house and turned into my main charger because my other one failed .
they are cross connected so any sound that comes through both sides is cancelled .
this charger is quick , and compact .
and what happens when you switch cell phones or mp3 players in the future and your existing mygrid clip is n 't compatible with your new device ?
the holster is secure and the clip has a groove so that the holster will not fly off your belt if you are running . update at first the holster is great because it grips onto the phone .
i bought a simple ear piece boom mic from here and tried to use with my droid .
when you pull it out of the case the stylus is fully extended and locked in place .
i purchased the same blue tooth from another online company and it would not work either , so now i am having to go through motorolla .
it created the market and improved it on each iteration .
it 's a great fit and it does n 't add too much bulk .
an email i sent to bargaincell , the seller , went unanswered , so i am not too happy with them , but the pouch itself is a great holder especially for the money . if you have one of the samsung touchscreen phones ( instinct , eternity , behold , omnia , delve , etc . ) it might be a little loose inside the pouch unless you have a silicone plastic case around the phone in which case it should fit very well .
reception and battery life are great !
fitment is near impossible and the thing will not stay on my head .
if you are listening to music and the phone rings , it will pause the music .
if you put the mice at your mouth , it will distort the sound .
it is so neat to hear a person talking in stereo .
the wrap did not close as well as it could unless i really pulled at the wrap to close it over ( it stretches ) . the wrap does not protect your camera against dirt , water , sand , etc .
i just wish they shipped more than one in the package . i would n 't recommend if you regularly change your case because the loop on the back will break even quicker for you than it did for me .
i generally do pretty good with installation and have a minimum amount of air bubbles underneath the screen . with this protector i cleaned the phone very well before installing and ended up with numerous air bubbles pockets .
this case was discolored very quick just from normal use .
and that 's after i had to email boxwave customer service on thursday to see what the hold up was .
this works great , altho sometimes it shakes out of the outlet so you have to keep and eye on it .
there 's not much to say about this other than it works exactly as advertised .
arrived on time and does the job .
i had previously bought an armband on amazon for three dollars and it did n 't work for me .
in my experience plantronics makes quality products with well thought out design . i 've enjoyed using this headset so far although i do n 't put alot of minutes on my headsets .
bought off of ebay after my c200 cord was cut .
it works , wife is happy , thank you amazon .
if you 're looking for great sound for listening enjoyment , look elsewhere . update i had to return these headphones ; the volume control just stopped working altogether and i could never get the music to get above the external noise around me .
almost as good as 510 in audio response . for less than $ 40 good buy .
i purchased this as a backup charging cable for phones , to use other usb based chargers lying around the house .
seller great with shipping seeing how far they had to travel . )
this battery charges quickly and holds the charge longer than others i have used .
i bought this case because i wanted to purchase a sturdy reliable case for my iphones 3gs .
my only complaint ( otherwise i 'd have given 5 stars ) is that it 's a bit large , with the unnecessary blue ring sticking out this interferes with my cupholder .
since the cost was nominal , it 's not worth bothering to return it . rating d
this is completely out of jabra 's control , and this is a very well engineered device .
a few months ago , sabrent sent me several samples of car inverters to try out , and i have been pleased with all of them so far .
the product delivers what it 's intended for .
the way that these are made fit very snugly .
actually , to be fair , it charges the device for about 10 minutes , then the flow seems to reverse , and it exhausts the battery of the device it 's supposed to be charging .
i saw a friend with an otterbox case , she has an iphone but i liked the modern design with slight rugged protection .
my husband really like the charger .
only 2 things i 'd change 1 ) the clip .
it comes with a multitude of tips , including the ones that i use the most .
my current go blue beat exs is running it 's course and i was hoping this motorola s305 would replace it .
from there , i 'm using my phone as a hotspot for my laptop .
i think it is more an issue with sony design than the charger itself . looked at discount store for aftermarket charger and was 12 . 00 . this one is less than 10 bucks with shipping so i am ordering it . all in all this is an ok charger .
you are going to have to have your fingers pushing on both ends of the clip in order to get the phone out of the clip .
the sound is good and it is easy to place on and off your ear .
seems everything requires a usb charger now .
with that said , it is still a great value at a fraction of the costs .
i have a car that has an audio input jack for . mp3 players , including ipod .
it went on easily with no bubbles and stayed on for about a year .
weight wise it really does n 't weight that much but kind of feels like it weighs more than it should .
however , it 's impossible to charge my iphone on campus .
works great and quickly charged my iphone 5 over three times .
it makes it stand out and easy to spot .
if you have an otterbox , do n 't waste your money on this .
some have complained about it making the phone more bulky , but i like the added bulk , it feels more confortable and secure in the hand , and it looks great .
the sound quality is very good , the ease of use is high , and they feel very comfortable .
it 's very difficult to install perfectly with no air bubbles , etc .
overall , these headphones are amazing , stylish , and awesome .
would n 't sync with my wife 's ipod touch though , not sure why not . good price here , about half of the msrp .
the sound is alright but they are good because they block outside sounds .
althoughthis may be just a defective unit , the message boards are full ofevidence of very flaky controls on the s9 . * idiotic decision by either apple or ( more likely ) moto that phone callsshould only come into one ear .
and many live in areas where cell signals are just weak .
i have medium sized ears with detached lobes and i am a girl so i have not had any issues with fit or feeling uncomfortable because it looks like an earring .
although , someone pack the wrong charger in the package .
the case is very low profile and holds up pretty well .
if you try to write while your walking with the stylus , it may be no different from writing with your fingers .
got here quick but the tips did n 't work well through my otter box case and had to glue tips in as they kept falling off
just in case it happens to you just press and hold the hang up button till the lights flash blue and red .
this is my second bluetooth that i have bought and it is great .
these are by far the best pair of earphones i have used in terms of sound quality and comfort .
this is generally accepted as common knowledge . so someone explain to me why do people buy a charger clearly labeled as having mini usb plugs and get mad when their micro usb doodads wo n 't work with it ? ! . . . sorry for the rant .
i do n 't know if it 's a manufacturing issue , a design issue , or if the weight of the cable just degrades the connection after a while .
does what it 's intended to do .
i love purple so i love the look of it . the seller is excellent and would definitely use this seller again .
not ideal , but acceptable in terms of carrying your phone around .
it feels like a nice solid device in the hand .
they did n 't . . . so i got two more of these h300 's . turns the aaa battery route ( i use rechargeable eneloops ) works out great for me . . .
connectivity and sound quality are superb .
the charging adapters do n 't even work .
it 's no better than the worn out 2 1 2 year old original battery that it replaced .
one thing i was disappointed in was that i was forced to use the ear loop as the gel attachments in all 3 sizes would not hold the device in my ear comfortably or without it falling out .
got this for my dad , and he uses an otter box on his iphone 4 and it fits perfectly .
that being said , i would imagine this case getting unsightly pretty quickly .
i have no complaints about this cable .
noise rejection is pretty good , too . this is now my main headset . by the way , i use it with an iphone .
it works fantastic in a quiet environment better than any other i 've used .
if you are traveling and have devices that need to be charged or plugged in other than the auto plug , this is a great converter .
after over a year of use , i accidentally ran this through both the washer and the dryer with my shirts .
this means you have to keep taking it out of the rubber case and putting it back in every time you charge .
can you say brainbusting headache bad ! ! ! ! , i had to leave it in front of an air purifier for days ! ! ! and it still had the aroma of a toxic waste dump . . .
the other person can not hear me at all .
no way close to a local number .
i wished i would have bought the satechi scr 31 first .
i have tried several others , including other plantronics .
purchased for a tomtom and a droid x2 . they work quite well as long as you do not try to swipe with them .
all buttons and openings line up just as they should .
it will not protect from drops or spills .
i loke the fact that it actually attaches to the phone .
i 've had these and the incase and have found these to fit the best .
nice glossy , professional and clean look . con a little bit on the bulky size considering the mah size . i bought this for my brother for a birthday gift and he loves it !
you probably have already read that this set does n 't insert into your ear canal , but rather rests against it .
all of the others i tried pushed too hard in my ear , or the clip pressed against my outer ear .
i 'm not talking about playing tennis here , i 'm talking about driving the car , and having the boom slowly swing downwards away from my mouth .
i forget that i have it on after sometime . the quality of sound is very good , i can clearly hear the person i am talking to .
audio is very clear even while driving down the highway .
it is easy to set up email and web access and it is great to be able to stay in touch with the normal too much email office when i am traveling . however , it is not all great news .
she answered on speaker phone so i could hear the call quality and we had a laugh about the long duration echo she heard on her phone .
this is the best little case i 've ever owned .
in fact i like it so much , i bought two . blackberry tip this may be obvious to most , within the clock app , go to options when charging and set it to enter beside mode if you want the clock light intensity to dim down while your device is charging ( good if you use your blackberry as an alarm clock ) .
it looks to be made very well , better than the last one i had that had elastic on the sides .
the universal powercube charges all of my electronic devises , my kids ipods , my girls iphone , htv evo design phone , etc .
it feels a little heavy , especially when one is lying in bed , surfing the web , but not excessively so .
some of the pictures shows it as if it is one big cutout .
the iphones and the androids will fit this case .
i also was able to connect it with my black macbook that took awhile too ; just make sure you select headphones not headset in setting bluetooth in your macs .
it is simple , effective , and affordable , and provides real protection .
the samsung wep200 does not compare in function to the voyager 510 . i never could get it to attach to my ear and stay there .
it would have been nice had they included at least two power clips and the additional tips in the starter kit with the option to buy more if needed .
i bought this to connect walkman type gadgets to my car stereo .
it 's smooth but the texture catches cloth a little .
i used superglue and prolonged the life of mine for a while , but it was annoying .
other than that the phone works great and everyone tells us that it sounds great !
it 's also got a convenient recharger that fits in my purse that will recharge the piece one time . ( you then need to recharge that recharger . ) great product , just wish it was more comfortable .
i never have to worry about finding a place to charge my phone , it 's always charged .
got two of these headsets because of high reviews . used both headsets on ps3 , had a lot of troubles getting it to work correctly and sync with the console . the audio seems a to have some static and the mic doesnt transfer you voice clearly . i bet there are better options .
good item . . on time delivery . . had a bit getting use to plug insert for power cord , worked it out . great price and neat
so before purchasing a callpod make sure you count the cost of all of the spokes that you will purchase ; they usually will cost you between seven and ten bucks apiece .
however , i had plenty of mini usb cables , which i used to charge them with from my pcoverall , these bluetooth headphones are and excellent value would definitely recommend . . . especiall for the $ 30 . final note , these do not come packaged . they arrive in your box inside of a plastic bag with the wall charger ( probably the wrong type ) , the headphones , and the manual .
i love that you can shut it on or off by folding the boom .
great capacity and easy to use .
after using this battery for several days , it seems to function almost as well as the factory battery .
the problem i have is if you wear glasses , any headphone that wrap around your ear never quite fit right and are sometimes painful .
at one point i went to plug my usb cord in without looking and totally smashed the internal stuff up inside the top !
where the cord joins the pin connector , the sheath is shorter and not glued in , so the wire covering can come undone if pulled on repeatedly through use .
the included case is helpful to keep the charger and usb cable together .
smaller then the photos make it out to be .
the sound was good but these are best suited for sitting at a desk and listening to music .
it 's about the size of a wallet and weighs about as much as one as well . pros small ( fits in my pocket ) lightweight 2 ports ! battery life indicatorcons the only thing that i would change on this device is to incorporate the charging cable to the device . i would highly recommend the icurve to anyone that have multiple devices .
speaking with someone on a landline is pretty good clarity for them , they can tell if my window is open or not and if boom is too far from cheek they can hear alot of background noise .
you will never go wrong with this adapter as you can feed it to your cassette player both ways . does not look cheap .
i used this piece to connect regular headphones to my xbox 360 , i had to hold the device in place or turn it just right in order for it to work .
the belt clip will only work on a belt with dificulty .
it provides great protection , access to the ports , and looks good doing so .
it works , however is apain to use .
i will most likely purchase another to have as a spare . edit to add july 23 , 2012 this adapter , along with a retractable usb data sync cable that i got when i purchased a neoprene case for my pandigital novel , has come in handy when transferring files from my pc to my kindle fire .
putting them on i notice that the headphones just do n 't fit the angle of my ears like they should .
i had two of their brand cases and both broke soon after buying them .
works well on my end , but sometimes the person on the other end of the call hears an echo .
i should have read the description better .
i love the idea of this thing because i do n 't like fiddling with the cover over my phone 's charger port , which lost its magnet and stopped snapping back into place after a while .
the flashlight and laser pointer come in handy as well .
replacement and was as advertised , if you are in need of a replacement clip or your first iphone belt clip , buy this !
clearly a waste of money and time .
it was easy to set up .
worse , the volume is very faint .
this charger did not work right out of package , it was a gift .
no lint . . my screen looks like it has no protector on it .
so far it has charged my phone quite well and almost as fast as the wall charger .
i would have bought a belkin , but i could not find a micro usb from them .
i guess i 'm going to need one that has the neoprene inserts .
i bought three to match the three bluetooth colors i purchased .
in the situations where they do n 't offer the special case a wireless to power cord adapter is available for purchase which negates the whole wireless idea , again sold separately .
also , while talking , you have to be careful if you adjust the unit on your ear it is easy to accidentally hang up on someone . overall , this is the first hands free device that i have actually been able to tolerate and use .
unfortunately mine only adds about 1100mah to my phone , which is n 't the 1700mah claimed .
it works like a charm and the product was described ver accurately .
just what you need , i am always having to charge my phone and then find i have another item to charge also .
i have difficulty using my fingers on my tablet , so having the stylus to make my movements has been great
i really bought it because it was so hard to find a headset compatible with my at t ; 8525 .
very cheap and easy way to hang your phone .
awesome cover for a gorgeous phone .
mic provides good sound for those on the other endof the connection .
the prying tool is completely junk and broke before i had even finished my task a guitar pick is much more durable .
i was easily able to charge a nexus 7 andiphone 4 at the same time .
and if you have the nub attached then you wo n 't be syncing . this is a neat idea that no one actually thought through .
plantronics has been the only brand that i 've been a repeat customer of .
the clips fit into the charging port and then sit on the back of your phone .
so i 'm kinda stuck because i really like the sound quality and it works great on my ipad still , but i cannot use it with any other devices . proscomfortablevery good sound qualitylong battery liferange is good ( 25 ft .
they appear well made and not real flimsy .
i have seen none of the lag problems that people complain about .
the sound quality is awesome even at very high levels . i have n 't had any connection problems between my droid 2 ( android phone . ) when you are running the head phone stay right in place , and its awesome when you are lifting , pushups , pullups , etc because no wires get in your way .
i bought this for usage with my palm pre .
remember you get what you pay for !
without this adjustment , the case will almost certainly slide right off of the metal clip ( leaving the metal clip hooked to your belt , but your phone holster on the ground ) . upped to 5 stars .
what can i say , you plug it in and it charges your phone .
especially cool is you can disconnect the usb cable and use it on your laptop or home charger .
i usually get a full charge cycle on the iphone or kindle without any problems .
while not perfect in an audiophile sense these 'phones are great for the casual listener and more than adequate for gym use .
in terms of size , while i generally carried it in my backpack , it was small light enough to carry in the leg pocket of my cargo pants .
i purchased a satechi iphone fm transmitter and it is too wide for the tensioner ; i 'm attempting to get a refund on that as it is rendered useless with this configuration . one other thing if amazon is reading this why do you drop the price right after i purchase something ? ? ? i should get a price guarantee and amazon should credit my account .
it was the wrong one . the male end does not fit the iphone 4s . once it was pulled out it would not retract
unlike the other bluetooth devices i 've used , i 've actually encountered static with the 220 even when i 'm 1 foot from the phone .
these are not the quality of the apple oem parts , but for the price i am happy enough with them to order them again .
this is a great bluetooth headset although it 's a bit pricey , i still recommend it . it 's so much easier to take a call by just placing a headset like this in your ear , rather than having to fool around with also clipping it around your ear too .
even the little red light works , so that is a plus , i thought it would be cheap and not actually work .
i have been an igo user for many years .
this cable seems like a great deal . . .
if i want to hang up and make another skype call , then i have to disconnect the headset , log off from skype and follow the above steps again .
it is similar to this , but has a harder plastic that goes on the outside of the silicone cover .
while you can get an iphone 5 into this case , it 's extremely tight ( too short ) . on top of that the belt clip , while it seems very sturdy , is very hard to get on and off my belt .
i 've been using holsters like these since 2000 from the original palm treo , to the blackberry , to the iphone .
this switches ears with an extremely easy adjustment . 2 ) i love that it 's the only headset that can mono or stereo depending on whether you attach the 2nd ear piece or not .
good value and great sound for a small group of three or four on a conference call and the noise canceling microphone works great .
its feature set and quality are superb .
contacts and all switched right over to the blackberry from my sims card and i was able to read everything stored on my memory chip .
i been wanting a key board phone for a while but no data i have to bypass the internet gsm every time i turn it on but that 's no problem very reliable and fast to txt .
proper fitment very hard , i purchased ear jells with it and still had a hard time .
plus the temperature rise is only a few degrees indicating good efficiency .
so does this model here samsung captivate wall charger the charger seems to work fine when plugged into a computer , but plug it into a wall and you ca n 't use your phone * at all * while it 's charging because the touch screen will register your fingers everywhere . i finally tried this charger samsung travel charger and it works great , so i 'm very pleased and relieved .
the package is really small which is fine for ear buds , but it looked bigger in the photo .
i complained to amazon who gave me a store credit , and apologized , but i never heard back from the seller !
worked fine until it stopped working .
these are the best screen protectors i have used , and i 've tried them all . there are 3 layers to these .
i also was able to set the sound output to the headset and am currently listening to some music with it , but the low sample rate and the fact that it is n 't in stereo makes this only a novelty .
they both work good separately , but not together .
i only wish jawbone had n 't made any changes .
i had a clear case for about a month until the belt clip attachment broke off .
and yes , it 's the cable and not the phone .
the phone detected the headset in about 30 seconds , and after entering in the pin number , was good to go . operation crystal clear , even with the base phone located behind several walls and doors 20 feet away .
mine is absolutely silent . 7 . i agree you need a scissors or knife to open the clamshell packaging no biggie . i liked it so much i bought a second one ! !
if you are like me , i have other items in the console or in the trunk which can scratch or harm the headset if i did not use a case . the case is small and protects a headset very well .
if you need just one or two extra charges to get you through the day , thisis the portable charger for you .
the cord is about 5 feet long which is a good length .
best car charger ever and cute , ) love the way it lights up blue when charging and amazon has the best price for it , this is my second purchase have one for each car .
it is not very good on call overseas .
it 's even thin enough that you can leave it on the phone when carrying it in the swivel holster that comes packaged with the phone from verizon .
it works great thus far no issues .
only setback is it does not charge while your talking on the phone .
overall well made and good buy .
let me first of all state i have really small ear canals .
came quick in the mail with charger .
i bought it specifically for use with the touchstone .
the count also says ten , but i got sixteen . ( the split rings are a little thin but they are good for their price .
i prefer using this over a car charger because it is very small and portable .
just got it the other day and a must buy , especially at $ 40 with $ 10 rebate $ 30 ! !
like the product , it is loud and just perfect bluetooth headset , but beware refurbished , its not worth the saving of a few bucks .
it 's actually more comfortable in the hand than the 4s or 5s , but it does need a little protection maybe something a little less slippery .
i have a small glitch with my cable but that 's the cable quality i guess and not the torch .
what do you have that only has a 12volt plug that is 1 amp or less ?
these cables are not as good as the original cables but they work very well .
this case would have been far better off leaving all the extra storage out , and letting it close nicely .
it 's small and lite weight , so far no problems .
the phones that use this connection are older and simpler model phones .
the design is more convenient , but i sometimes think i would prefer a bit more pressure against the pouch to make triple sure the pouch will remain secure . the velcro makes noise when opening the pouch .
i even tried taking off the autosync feature to save battery life .
the bad side are 1 . ) it ca n 't be re applied if you mess up ; and 2 . ) one of the 2 tabs that said please peel of this mask before application is harder to remove .
the speaker has multiple settings , and is very loud and crystal clear .
the holster itself is also flimsy , and if you wear it with your shirt on the outside ( not tucked into pants ) , there is a big piece of plastic that digs into your skin from the back of the clip .
and as an extra , it comes with a led light and laser beam to help in the dark and or daylight .
perfect for transferring mp3s to my phone and upload photos from my phone without having to take out my sd card .
enter the xlink . i read about the panasonic kx th1212b in consumer reports and saw how they liked it , and i always like panasonic products .
however , i would never attempt a 34 ; drop test 34 ; with this product . ca n 't really recommend if you are looking for a protective cover .
the phone is thin , but the call quality is quite poor .
hard to find a good qulaity items for iphone3 . the case it self looks like leather but its not its fake leather .
charges fast , runs a long time , this is a big money saver .
the product suffers from these glaring problems 1 . it is painful to wear .
worked wonderfully with the cellular phones .
i 've replaced the foam cushions once ( google it for instructions ) .
the battery arrived within the time frame for shipping and was well packaged . the first visible difference between this and the original is that the cell for this one was made in china ; the original was made in korea . the original was solid , while this one had a seam around the bottom , and one could see some of the battery 's contents starting to leak there already .
so i bought a large case to hold both units , and it worked like a charm .
if your going to use this protector for indoor use only than this is for you , but outside in daylight forget it .
much better than having a usb cable dangling off the side of your device .
then they suddenly just stopped working on the one ear , wire looked connected fine , i was able to wiggle it to get some sounds for a little while , but overall it just died .
its not exactly like the factory one just looks like it .
it 's light and stays out of the way .
product performs great and was avery reasonable price .
theyre super cheap , they work perfect .
if yah ave the correct driver on your pc you can usb charge your phone
it charges my phone quickly and the cord is super long .
the sticky dash mount broke as i tried to remove it , one of the arms shortly afterwards .
if you think since it looks exactly like the $ 30 cable from apple it will also charge your iphone . . . . it wo n 't .
i give this item a good rating because the item arrived practically overnight new , in package , a samsung brand name item . . .
you have to have at least minimal signal to work
it 's absolutely everything you would expect out of a good quality screen protector .
after reading rave reviews , i got this to use while driving in a convertible ( as my other bluetooth picks up too much wind to work well ) , and also at home with my land line so i can work and talk .
no little tiny cords to push into little tiny holes like most headsets . .
i had to turn to the phone 's speaker system instead .
her whole contact list was automatically downloaded into the blue ant and all she does is dial the number and talk . shes much safer on the road now .
if this style of case is what your looking for , then this is the case to buy .
i needed a replacement for an s9 that would begin beeping after about 45 minutes ( low battery ? ) . since i make several conference calls a day , the beeping was unacceptable .
the lg env touch is an awful phone .
i liked being able to tell people it does more than just function as a back up power source .
length ) than have to tussle with a short cord .
one of the known problems with theblackberry storm 9530 phone , black ( verizon wireless ) is that using bluetooth voice command dialing can lock up the phone , requiring one or more reboots ( remove the battery , wait 15 seconds , replace the battery , and wait 4 6 minutes ) . many of my storm problems were resolved by a verizon support tech who had me use a command to wipe the device and start over again .
this is looks just like the picture in the description and it is soft and fits good on my iphone 3g and it would fit a 3gs also it is lightweight .
also in fine print on box is statement you might have to buy a bluetooth adapter for pc so i assume for mac also .
unfortunately , more and more of the apps that he used no longer support the max operating system that this phone supports .
got it for my kid cuz she lost her other charger works like its suppose to fits phone like its suppose to
i would recommend these for workouts .
it was a fair price and a good fit .
it is ok but gives us a hard time to charge and sometimes it will not charge the nano or the iphone
lastly , i like that it works with all of the devices i 've tried it with ( samsung s3 , droid 2 , samsung mobile hotspot , and a few friends have charged their devices too ) . the first one i bought worked so well , i went back and bought a couple more to keep in each of the family cars .
it 's not bad , and it serves it 's purpose well enough .
i tried the car charger , it works but can not play and charge at the same time .
i would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a hard yet thin case and a perfectly matching holster . the only negative comment i can make has to do with the size of the belt clip .
this is one of the handiest external battery chargers i have seen on the market .
the speaker has bass boost and stereo widening , the former does really work . i never use handsfree speaker , so i ca n 't give comments . if you want to use it as wireless audio speakers and you want to control from the speaker , you should go elsewhere .
holy mackerel , these things are awesome !
it does n 't look as glossy as it appears in the photo .
available in many colors of choice . why 3 stars ?
the version i had from verizon cost three times as much and did n 't give me more than a 30 charge increase on a two hour drive .
update other than having to do the thread trick to keep the phone from slipping out , it is a solid holster .
two usb power slots is double the funnow you can charge , not one but two devices sonit helps you when your power is lownow you can charge your phone and your friend 's yosimple device , powers two usb devices ( of course you have to have your own cables .
the kickstand is awkwardly placed and it does n 't feel very comfortable when holding it .
thank you very much ) eta i also like the fact that i can fit my extra battery for my evo 3d along with my bluetooth .
the product look just like it was advertised .
does the job of protecting the phone just does n 't _slip__ easily into a pocket which might be important for some .
works perfectly with iphone 4s and my computer .
everything worked good but the wall charger .
works great looks just like the picture shown , does everything it said it would do and is suppose to do in the description .
i have owned several bluetooth cell phone headsets , and the plt 510 is the best so far .
if you own a samsung phone and you use it as an mp3 player as well , like i do , you know that they have those annoying slot style ports to plug in your headphones .
sort of defeats the purpose of the bluetooth technology , does n 't it ?
great all around lanyards for anything which needs to be keep close .
good price and great customer service .
it 's pretty small , however load and very easy to use and set up .
also , it has noise reduction so you wo n 't hear the other end complaining about noise feedback .
this keyboard allows me to type at normal speed on a device i can keep in my pocket , and i was astonished to see that it would have even worked for text messaging on my older phone , the nokia n gage .
the connection with my phone was n 't as clear as one of my previous motorola 's .
i have had several bluetooths that have cost a lot more and have not worked as good as this one .
the pod is just okay for me .
i 've tried a few bluetooth headsets over the last several years , and suspect that the hype of bluetooth headsets is overrated , across the board . this one is the best i 've tried so far , and it is worth the price . pros it works .
the added bonus for the home charger is that you can keep playing music on your player while charging unlike when you have it hooked up to your computer via usb cable .
these are a waste of money to me because they put this white paper tab on them and once you put it on your phone you ca n 't get the stupid tabs off them .
we ordered it , took it up to the roof ( about 25ft up ) , found the latitude and longitude of the nearest verizon towers , and pointed our gps and compass at them .
looks lavender over my black phone .
it does actually block most noise in the background .
it 's made of plastic but seems reasonably study and is just heavy enough so that it grips the desk and does n 't slide all over the desk if the cord is moved . my only complaint is that it could hold the blackberry a little more firmly .
if i wanted the chrome covered , i would have purchased a different case . the volume and vibrate buttons are slightly ( and i stress slightly ) harder to access due to the shield going across both sides of the buttons , but they are also protected from accidental pushing . what i like best about this case is the feel .
they probably had a bunch of varying voices say switch headset off in order for my voice to work every time .
anyone who uses a headset regularly knows that adjusting opposing buttons can be challenging not with the h700 . there is a place top or bottom to rest a finger if you need to adjust up or down easily .
this is my second morphie juice pack .
he also says the sound quality is great .
the case took almost a week to arrive .
my car 's tape deck is an auto reverse deck , and i have no idea why it worked perfectly for weeks , then shut down on me and stopped , but if you look at j cristofferson 's review , there are tons of comments on how to fix this .
great protection for anything that fits in it .
i find this handy car charger indispensable in my work !
in the beging it had a smogged fit but over time the phone was sliding around in it .
i 'm not a bass head , but i do like solid bass response and was quite disappointed . outside of the bass issue , i also found that there was focus on mid range without great highs ( i wonder if this is to emphasize audio conversations , but i ca n 't say for sure . finally , the design of the silicone eartips does n 't not create a good seal .
most of my usb cables fit so nice that i could pick up the phone from the cable .
additionally , the led is not open but rather sits behind plastic , which is flush to the face .
this item was easy to set up .
i like the style of this headset but i have had to purchase two of these .
he really beats up his phones and this case does a great job of protecting it .
its a very nice product , easy to hang on too and small enough to fit in a pocket with ease .
like another reviewer , i love the slide switch to turn it on .
just always pull both plug ends at the same time .
the glass and suction cup have to be warm to get a good suction . update 7 24 13 the mount worked as advertised until early july when i dropped it with the phone attached .
it certainly is convenient and i like the retractable feature a lot .
on the plus side , setup is a simple process that will have you streaming music from your phone or other bluetooth device within a matter of minutes .
i would recommend this skin to those who want minimalistic protection .
worked perfectly on both phones i tried it on .
this is such a great thing to have i personally bought this as a replacement part for my blackberry charger .
the screwdrivers have a decent weight as well and the handles turn smoothy . if these came in smaller sizes , with tempered tips that smaller sized tools need to be strong , i would definitely consider them as well . if i had one minor nitpick , it would be that a color coding of the handles would be a great help , but really , this is an excellent value for the price .
looks alright but did n 't fit on my grandpas iphone 3g .
great oem charger . . . but wait , its is a data cable too , score ! ! ! better than expected with data capabilities .
when i opened the packaged and first put it in my ear , i thought oh no they were right ! but i then read the manual and after adjusting the ear loop and angling the headset slightly downward , it fit perfectly into my ear !
the pouch arrived when they said it would .
the speaker quality is quite good , and it fits comfortably in my ear .
i ca n 't count how many bluetooth headsets i have broken by putting them in a pocket .
they stayed on too , did n 't start peeling at the corners .
this is a good product is just a usb cable it work perfect just like a oem cable . . .
if you are still in the market for a nokia brand charger then this is your destination .
the money i paid is worth this benefit alone . music sounds good ; i put the eq on flat as the music from my phone usually sounds best that way .
this phone lives up to my expectations here . 2 ) nice headset .
as for battery life , expect 2 3 hours with normal volume .
the holding down of the button to go through the different features can get a bit annoying when i am just trying to charge my phone . overall , i give this product a 5 5 rating .
i installed the transmitter receiver at the output of my stereo surround sound system so i can watch a late night movie without disturbing others in the household .
but overall , i like the 250v .
they work great and were very inexpensive .
works fine with my lenovo a1 tablet , it angles to the right , but it 's better than nothing .
the v66 was a little better , but the motorola menu had to be the worst of any phone i had ever used .
he had not previously used a bluetooth device , and i wanted to make sure that he could answer his phone without taking his eyes off the road .
two things that could be better first it does n 't recognize ring tones from my phone ( but i think that is the phone 's problem not necessarily the headset ) , and second , it occassionally will drop the signal from my phone causing me to scramble to figure out how to go from the headset to my phone .
i also like the extra long cord or there is a plastic clip to make it shorter , nice .
works fine for our iphone 4s .
i bought this a long time ago , but if you need an adapter for a phone tghat uses the old samsung plug , this is definitely a great product .
i drive a truck for a living i can actually hear the person on the other end without having to smash the bluetooth into my ear !
going to look for another case .
for these sights this little kit is a must none of my other tools could manage to fit these screws but this one did .
not sure about other phones , but the quality on the iphone is n 't the best because it 's hard to hear the other person .
they work ok for the most part .
however , here are few things to know 1 . if the phone is locked , you cannot control it with the headset .
this is the best sounding and most comfortable of all of them so far .
range was about the 30 feet they are supposed to have , beyond that signal fading was rapid .
charges the iphone3gs and iphone4 just fine .
and unlike radios the music goes where i go .
the buttons are also very easy to use .
i bought this for my father who uses a nexus 4 . the case looks and feels really nice and generally works well .
the package on this product is misleading .
material is very cheap feeling to me .
i would like to hand it to the advertising people .
the home charger is a plus , since i travel a lot .
did n 't suit my needs but that was because this was a 3 ring and i needed a 2 ring .
when i purchased my new razr2 v9 the first thing that went thru my mind was i 'm gonna have to buy a new car charger for all my vehicles and wished they would make an adapter so i can use my v3 accessories .
this is one of those elegantly simple ideas executed in a fairly complex way that results in an elegantly simple solution to a common problem having enough battery power for your portable devices . there are many auxillary products on the market , but few with the beautifully engineered features of the tekkeon .
it charges my iphone 5 pretty quick which is awesome .
this one is slim , but offers really good protection , and it looks and feels good too . . .
with so many things needing to be plugged into electrical connections in the car , if you only have the cigarette lighter connection this is a great way to multiply your connections .
purchased these cables since i have extra chargers .
works better or as good as the one that came with the phone .
i would have had them design it like a tower with the plugs all on the back one on top of another .
if you want a solid , cheap tpu case , then this one will do .
this is a very useful item and essential to complete the igo charging system , you can charge your laptop , cell phone , mp3 player . i recommend this item to all igo users .
anywhere else this battery costs at minimum 4 times more .
buy a spare battery and charge it with this .
but the omissions on the part of the manufacturer ( the aforementioned video drivers ) is most confounding .
it sure looks sturdy and reliable .
i have doubts this is an lg product despite the label on it .
everyone wants nuclear power like battery life on their portable electronics but unfortunately iphones do n 't give anywhere close to that .
so much so that it defeats the sleek and glitzy design of the iphone .
but this charger charges faster than any other charger ( even ones rated with the same high output ) . i bought it again because it will charge almost as fast as the wall charger whereas even my samsung one seemed to only keep the batter yfrom going down .
easy to use and set up , works reliably , but in my workplace people walk in and see me facing away from the door , do n 't notice the light and start talking to me while i 'm on the headset .
it 's touch sensitivity is as good as ever , and i 've had absolutely no problems . a couple of tips that might come in handy ( 1 ) lay out a dark colored cloth on your work table before disassembling the iphone .
took a rather long trip and it worked flawlessly .
this protector is good but seems like it lacks a little adhessive material .
trying to hold the cradle with my shoulder while i type is horrible it slows me down and eventually hurts .
it does not come with an external wall plug in cord , so the main charging will be done via the usb cord to a laptop or home computer .
it is comfortable , clear sounding and best of all i 'm audible when i speak .
but the bubbles on the screen are hard to release and the corner always open up when i put the case back on .
it is made from a brittle plastic that breaks easily .
the adjusting capability and holder works in all my vehicles from my truck to the suv easy to install and use
poor manufacturing quality the connector is too long and does not properly fit in my phone .
also , it is almost impossible to install these without getting a speck of dust or an air bubble under it .
i like that it gives me better traction when opening my pre and still allows me to use my touchstone ( provided you remove a felt pad from inside ) . but it really does n 't interfere with any of the motions and areas of the screen .
this charges my phone at the same rate as the wall charger in my house or at least very close to it .
the built in speaker works great . 6 . although it says that its tange is 30 feet , i think it is longer .
works great for me ! if you are considering a headset , get this one .
does the job , fits well and in my case came in a pack of three from eforcity .
it 's the same as what comes with the n810 and works as expected .
i purchased this battery for a premium as it boldly proclaimed 34 ; li ion 34 ; . that purchase was before i noted that all of the other , more inexpensive batteries were also li ion types , and also oem .
the operation is exactly s mentioned in its description , 11 hrs voice and music .
excellent design that fits nicely in the ear ; i wear glasses so this works perfectly for me .
neat , clean , and done in 2 seconds . the only downside i see is that earbuds that come with volume controls on the cord might not lie flat if the control comes to the edge of the body , but it 's easy to adjust the tension of cord at the top hole to allow it to move 1 4 to fix the problem . for the price , you ca n 't go wrong .
this stylus is wonderful to use , when it 's new .
my biggest surprise when moving to this headset was how good it sounds .
so when you grab the phone or move it around in your hand pocket you tend to disconnect the pieces . the other issue is the connecting flaps that plug into eachother to complete the case .
however , the boom mic was superior .
my daughter and her girl friend both downloaded ring tones , and downloaded pictures without any problems .
snaps on easily but is a little more dificult to take off .
the phone recognize it as a regular charger .
the charger becomes quite warm probably due that it 's not transferring all the energy across the adapter .
feels like it would snap slip off the edge if dropped , not protecting the phone like it should .
it 's also preferable to the speakerphone function of the cellphone . this is a wonderful gadget one of those nice to have , makes my life easy sort of things .
the improvement made my cellphone reception go from unusable to functional throughout the house , and in the room 5 bars on my samsung google phone ( and only 4 bars on the iphone 4s ? ) .
another feature is the ability to connect to two devices at the same time .
i can get 2 to 3 charges for my iphone before needing to charge it again .
delivery was super quick , arrived 1 day before the expected date .
cord is pretty heavy duty and never had any problems with charging anything with a micro usb !
it was much more of a pain than a help .
would i consider the iphone if my work email was compatible ?
the product is not defective , it is just not up to the task that i had envisioned it for . i would suggest you get the isesamo metal case opener ( which i also bought ) which works a lot better .
the usb charger interface was very famous in 2007 and early 2008 . in 2009 , most phones including rim phones such as the blackberry tour , blackberry javelin , blackberry storm and the blackberry 8520 8530 saw the transition to micro usb interface .
my smart phone fits in it you can use it through the plastic .
i wish i found these adapters earlier . i have two chargers that are for car and home and these made them work perfectly for my evo and jawbone
i buy moto chargers no matter what brand of phone i use because i know that they will stand up to abuse .
just wish there was a skin case that had a stylus clip to hold it .
everything is easy to press and the volume rocker is nice and big .
first of all , this is sold for exactly the same price at the apple stores .
it feels literally like they are cutting into your ear after a couple hours of use . the phone functions are on par with the s9 's .
my consonants are n 't well pronounced and my voice is pretty smooth not loud .
exactly as listed and great for the price !
works well while showing a blue light when plugged in which i like , it 's easy to see when driving to make sure your charging your phone .
my cell phone alone always picks up the wind and the person on the other end can hear it , but this headset seemed to eliminate all of that .
the second was great but had some underwater noise on the other end , i called jawbone support and they shipped me a new one no questions asked .
it announces both that it is 34 ; paired 34 ; and the battery level . hopefully , i wo n 't lose this one .
i lost a phone because of a case that only clipped over the belt .
these are a step up from the stock earbuds that came with my old walkman phone from years ago , but not by much .
it feels flimsy but is still holding up after at least 30 uses and shows no sign of wear . a specific iphone charging cable would be nice
my side sounded pretty good , but had to keep volume at max .
i just got it connected with at t ; service and it 's been working fine . the good it 's a nice size , very pretty , easy to use . the bad it 's easy to get fingerprint marks on it .
however the replacement piece is designed much better and is easily available .
this case has worked like a charm and the colors fit her as personality .
these spudgers came as described , but there 's a good reason you get ten of them ( 5 wide , 5 thin ) because they are flimsy .
the shipping is a little slow shipping from hong kong .
it works very nicely and it helps a lot .
everything works great even though i mainly got it for the home charger .
make sure to grasp it properly because the case and phone is light .
it 's even adjustable in that it has 2 places to rest the phone , each rest holding the phone at a different angel . i 'm taking away one star because it just is n 't quite strong enough and not quite wide enough .
i have had 3 pairs of this headset .
this adapter is precisely what i needed to let me use my smartphone style headphones with my dect phone at home .
this holder is great because it 's adjustable to several devices .
after two weeks of testing , this device consistently provided 2 full charges plus a 75 partial charge for my 2g ipod touch .
the silicone case is sturdy and strong .
this headset is not compatible with them . keeping this unit charged will be a pain , so it 's going back .
after a relatively short time , the pressure on my ears was unacceptably painful .
not sure if this would allow you to initiate a call on the cell phone , however , which is what i am really looking for from a headset since bluetooth headset sound quality is so poor .
also , i noticed alot of first time users that were rating this product . . i haved used both wired earpeices and now bluetooth .
the optical drive still works , occasionally , but typically wo n 't boot .
other than that , it has an amazing battery life .
the cover fits properly leaving all the necessary openings available for easy access .
my daughter needed one and being intrigued by the caller name announcements on this one i purchased it for me and gave her my other .
i had to wiggle the cord for my phone to charge .
audio has a lot of static tics and pops and that is the only reason i give this 2 stars .
ear buds tend to fall out easily when moving too much .
this fits my blackberry pearl perfectly .
life is too short . get yourself an iphone ! ! !
with a generic strap , cheap split ring and cap , much to my surprise that the lobster clasps just by themselves are worth the price .
all four of the hs850 headsets worked for a few weeks or months , but then would not hold a charge .
on the other side , i have had a horrible experience with their service and customer support which is why i now use simple mobile with their no nonsense approach for my droid .
if you 're tired of the high charges and contract hassles , give this a try .
other skins cases look a little bit like an eye sore .
not only was the price great on this one , it charges faster than any other car charger i have ever had .
somewhat hard to see in bright sunlight , but that would be expected .
we used the phone 's gps on a 10 hour drive to georgia .
it looks better than it actually is .
it was a little difficult to get the both of them set up , but once i finally did , i have been very satisfied with headset .
this is the same sim card that t mobile and the off brand cell phone stores are charging $ 20 for .
everyone i 've spoken with using this headset has said that the sound quality was as good as calling them from a land line .
as other reviews state , the iphone is exposed completely at the top .
i got this for my razr 2 ( v9m ) which uses the micro usb .
toss one in the glove box for that , 'just in case' moment .
it works really well for that .
i specially like its pop up multimedia player menu . a bit of deception because finding applications to it is not as easy as for android ( this runs symbian ) , but these do not make me think it is a bad choice .
this is a good looking case but does n 't seem to offer much protection as it comes apart when dropped .
it had good range and sound quality and the hands free activation was very useful .
do you need to charge your phone ?
i will call the company and see what they can tell me . update contacted new trent service and the item was replaced .
etc . this makes it any size you or the person sitting beside you may like . great product , cheap too ! 9734 ; 9734 ; 9734 ; 9734 ; 9734 ; 9734 ;
also , it does n 't get overly hot like some external batteries do . i love the wires built into it .
you should definitely get a protective case , however , as my mom has dropped hers since getting it and the back cover broke .
just an extra charger for the car just in case .
it takes a very good push to get the buttons to work , and a lot of creaking goes on in the process with the tpu . overall , though , this is a great case at an awesome price .
i have a screen protector already so i did n 't use the one that came with the case .
worked with my iphone 4s right out of the box , i did n 't have to do anything extra to make it play music over the iphone 's built in ipod .
i bought this stand for my iphone , and was happy to see it has 2 width adjustments , and holds the kindle when i am eating , or just want to be handsfree .
i just spent two bucks ( $ 2 . 00 ) on ( 2 ) of these usb cables for my 64gb ipod touch 5th gen .
i have it plugged into an outlet that is controlled with the key so that when i turn the car off the charger turns off . ( do n 't have to worry about the car battery .
he is very happy with this case !
i bought this product because some of my company does n 't have cell boosters in all of the trucks yet .
i actually think the thickness of these helps you put it on easier without bubbles .
always comes in handy , especially on long driving trips .
if you need a car charger for your galaxy s phone , this is the one to get
this is a must have for anyone with a bluetooth capable cell phone .
this is the latest of the h series . .
there isnt really much else to say about a car charger .
seriously , they 're a very clever , inexpensive idea for keeping small cords from getting hopelessly tangled !
it charges my tablet as well as letting me update my harmony remote .
i only wish the case it comes w had a belt clip attached .
i may try the other four person sprint device the company has ?
this case is simple the best protection you can buy for the iphone .
one for each car , and one to carry with me ( i 'm a professional driver , and use lots of different vehicles ) . fortunately , the micro usb interface is becoming quite common , so this also charges my wifes phone , and my bluetooth headset . as a bonus , it clearly lights up to let you know when it is getting power .
it would n 't work if the phone and the bluetooth were more than ten feet apart .
this also provides a nice pad for setting my phone down on , instead of sliding around on the desk top .
then check the bluetooth on the iphone and it discovers the keyboard .
this is frustrating when you charge the tablet overnight and wake up with only an 80 charge .
once your phone is fully charged , however , it turns off .
odd quick with the shipping however for the grand outlay of $ 2 . 95 including shipping i had to make a trip to the postoffice to pick up since it required a signature !
if anything , go to at t or verizon and get their $ 20 protector and have someone working put it on , so if it gets messed up they can replace it for free .
it works fine with the samsung to download the content from the phone onto the computer .
it works , that 's about all that can be said for it .
the color is noticeably brighter than the picture , but it 's still a great case for the price and the color was not disappointing .
i now can charge up to 4 items at once . 2 throught lighter and 2 through usb .
i had trouble writing because my fingers are too thick .
overall , for most use , i do n 't find it 's much better than a couple $ 7 dollar over the ear earsets radio shack used to stock ( no longer do ) . it may be , as someone reported , it 's way better for wind noise , i have n 't tried that .
phone battery had started to need charged often , so i purchased this battery to replace it .
the sound is terrific , light weight , works wirelessly , so you do n 't need it to mount into the machine to play , good price , no complaints .
i only need one charger to charge all of my electronic devices .
price was right , the battery arrived quickly in a pluffy envelope , and was immediately popped in to be charged up and put to use .
the wind is still heard by callers but the sound quality to them is better .
i have a good panasonic cordless phone and have yet to find a headset to use with it that has a strong volume .
the stylus is well constructed and the itouch has no problem recognizing it .
since this device does n 't violate your ear orifice , it may be used successfully with hearing aids .
the only drawback to the set up is the charging cable is not using an apple type connector , so when i want to jack it into the car to bi pass the bluetooth the battery has to be removed , and this is not always easy to get off .
after 3 weeks the crack in the headband started , after 2 months the crack is so big the headphones stopped working .
sadly i have sprint as my mobile phone provider and they have dreadful coverage in the greater seattle area .
this is inconvenient if you have an ipod stereo clock or frequently sync to your computer . however , if you can live with the drawback of the case , this charger performs impressively .
i 'm using this cable to plug my ipod touch into my stereo at work .
hers has a little better sound than mine , only noticable to an audiofile .
however , while they do work , they are perfect .
the rubber type material is very high quality , nicely thin enough to not feel bulky , and does a good job of fitting properly and staying in place once it 's on the phone .
it is an rfid card that we use to badge in and out of the building .
the issue with the bluefox is that there is no igo tip available , so i ca n 't charge them at work unless i carry around the wall charger .
this ipod charger is perfect they last twice as long as the other stuff and its perfect for wrapping up to put out of the way
when you switch on the battery to charge your phone , it gets substantially hot .
but . . . my unit had an electrical problem .
it seems to last longer than i remember the original battery lasting i usually use the palm for it 's hotspot capability .
works so good that the original battery wore out .
ok first of all , if you have a crappy , tinny sound being produced from these head phones , step 1 get a different blue tooth adapter or update the drivers .
worked with my blackberry bold so i have no complaints and it fits in the socket nice and snug .
everyone i have spoken with on the headset says it sounds very nice and clear . overall i would suggest this headset to anyone because it works , it 's cheap and it wears extremely comfortable on your ear .
i was looking for a desk holder for my new pretty blackberry bold and found this little thing .
i am disappointed that the 1a did n 't work with my ipad .
the phone switches from the lightning sign on the battery to a electrical plug sign after awhile it is the phone 's job not to overcharge the battery not the charger 's so i do not know what they might tell you at at t store this one is the right price for a simple device like this .
i like the magnetic flip closure .
it works alright , but not as good as real otterbox .
just remember to pull out the boom when you answer the phone .
this is a very reliable charger .
i ordered this charger as a travel companion , so i did n 't always have to pack my original charger .
i wish i had noticed that before i got it , sent it back obviously . i would think they would want ti make it for all tablets with capacitive screens ,
the spring loaded vent clips only attach on the top of the unit , and the thicker vents on my jeep cause them to pop off occasionally .
how many time have i done that when i take them off to look for a paper or phone charger when driving .
it works with practically all of my electronic devices that can be charged via a usb cord , and i would highly recommend it for travel or everyday use .
with the help from a youtube video i was able to reset my settings .
product works fine , just not very user friendly .
good thing i purchased 3 . the relief on this adapter is not that sturdy , but it works really well for a good amount of time .
it protected the phone and was n 't bulky at all .
since it is a flip case , the cover is dangling next to the face while making calls but it do not find disturbing or annoying .
body is plastic but feels solid . 3 ) fastest gps initialization i have ever seen in a portable 'period' let alone a phone gps ! 4 ) great video playback . 5 ) loved the handwriting recognition . here are my dislikes 1 ) the phone user interface is lacking .
it does n 't work and it 's a waste of money . i recommend buying a wired antenna that directly connects to your phone .
the phone stayed connected 70 feet away from the car ! ( really hard to shout that far . )
my friend had bought this headset from gamestop or something and it came with different sizes of ear rubbers ( or what ever you call them ) i guess that makes it more comfortable .
the negative is that it wo n 't stay in the ear and the ear hook is too flimsy to do any good with hanging it on the ear .
she loves the google navigation on her phone , however the battery drains a lot faster when using the navigation .
label was peeling off so i pulled it off and found a label in all chinese i guess under it .
i even called plantronics at amazons' suggestion just to make sure that it was n 't an issue on our end .
the battery life is more than adequate although i never use the case to recharge it and the range is quite acceptable as bluetooth devices go .
excellent life , easy to use , works like a charm .
the machining and finish is very good .
order mountek ngrove i hope this new i order will work better and last longer .
the hs850 suffered the same symptom .
this one could be fire hazard or could potentially destroy the electrical system
definitely recommend to anyone wanting additional protection at a low cost .
rubber tip sticks to screen when trying to flip through pages or drag so i just use my finger for that . all in all i love this stylus and will order a couple more . the vendor was very fast ( one business day ) to ca and i will order from them again .
not a bad unit at all , but the volume and fitment issues should have been resolved before product release .
its nice , bright , pink color is both attractive and easy to spot inside my purse .
this is large enough to hold my i pod touch in an otter box case and my mytouch with out a problem , so my guess is it can hold just about any portable device or cell phone on the market .
really nice device to keep track with your power consumption .
the case is super cute and very easy to snap on , and i like how it only covers some of the face of the phone , and the buttons are all easily accessible .
i sure hope it works better than it looks !
they all connect just fine but the sound quality on the other end has never been very good .
getting interrupted with a voice announcement of who 's calling makes it all worthwhile .
tested on anipod nano ( 5th generation ) as well with same results .
its made of leather ( i ca n 't tell if it is real or not ) , stitched well , and is slightly padded .
bought this for work and it works great .
this powerbear case is a lifesaver ! ! charges fast , always reliable .
i know , i know , what do you expect for such a low price point ?
only thing is it 'd be nice if they came with some additional way to protect the ear pieces or spare covers
if you own , for example , a iphone , you 'll already own an iphone usb charging cable .
it works great on my razr v3 and also works on a friends motorola w315 . . . i like the fact that the coiled cord is not as long as on some of the other chargers , and that the m lights up so i can tell when its working .
works great with my gs3 , looks from the future and the cable is awesome .
as long as you are using your headset then the light will indicate that you are on the phone .
i was expecting this one to work well since it had a boom mic .
this is a good , inexpensive case .
it does n 't look like the picture .
this case is exactly what i needed to protect the iphone while exercising at the gym .
if the belt clip was molded into the back part of the shell it would be more secure and fit a lot closer to the body .
i carry my phone in my front pants pocket and the bluetooth rarely cuts out while listening to mp3 's .
i really like the behind the ear headsets , they seem more comfortable to me so i decided to upgrade to the jabra bt5020 . i moved from the jabra bt500 to the bt5020 and really like the bt5020 . i like the size and solid black color , it 's very unassuming , never cared for the startrek look of the other headsets .
it charges the phone very fast in about an hour .
very fast charger at a great price ! update microusb port wore out after almost two years .
i really like how it feels , very well constructed .
if you want an android , there are several companies that are hungry for your biz .
however , i cannot recommend this vendor at all .
works great with the flip ultra hd camera . why pay $ 20 for the flip cable when you can get this generic for under $ 2 ! thumbs up for this product .
the range allows us to go to the end of our warehouse to look at stock while talking with the customer .
the top and the bottom edges are not covered so protection from dings on two of the edges your device is most likely to fall on is non existent .
they really squeeze on your head .
we bought this external battery charger before going on an extended trip out of the country , after reading other reviews and comparing with other units .
description stated very clearly that it would be packaged in retai packaged and pictured with extra items .
it has the mini connector on one end and the other is a usb connector .
i usually have it on hd mode which drains teh battery faster but the sound is absolutley the best i have heard and rivals the quality of some much more expensive wired headhphones i have owned . the bluetooth connection is where these lose a star , it 's just not possible to maintain the connection without maintaining line of sight communication .
however , fit nicely the iphone 5 5s with or without case .
great sound , long battery life , good range , very comfortable .
this ear piece have a weak reception , it do n 't filter out sounds very well , this is a very poor product disappointed .
i like having the extra three feet to charge devices with adn these cords seem to work very well on my iphones .
i 'm a big fan of tpu cases , so i got her this one and she could n 't be happier with it .
for the most part , the music that i rip from my cd 's are transfered flawlessly to my nokia phone . the only minor complaint i have is that sometimes the physical connection between the usb cable and my nokia phone is a little too easily knocked off .
the motorola speakerphone which i returned .
i have ordered several of this brand of case to protect cell phones , in different sizes .
unfortunately without the clips the thing does n 't work .
i have a saab and a lot of chargers do n 't work play nice with the lighter . this charger had no problem .
these cases are excellent ! ! i am very impressed with the material and the durability .
these sound great and have an incredible range ( i use an iphone ) . they are very comfortable and come with additional ear pieces to fit any ears .
drained it and charged from dead several times , made sure that location services , blue tooth , apps closed . . .
item was ordered from boho tronics ( $ 2 . 75 ) . it is not an apple product but a knockoff or possibly a reject .
i 've purchased several iphone cases including the very expensive incase brand and cheaper brands from kiosks in the mall .
fast shipping and a great price . .
the itorch even kept a full charge after a week of nouse , and topped off my phone in minutes !
one awful thing about bluetooth is walking around with it and looking like you 're talking to yourself .
the material is soft and flexible , the cut outs line up ok . . .
so i have no worries , for i have plenty of spares to use for the arcadia without spending a penny on a new ac charger or a micro usb cable adapter .
on the other hand , the cover feels great in the hand .
i had avoided getting him one because i figured it would just encourage more playing . but then someone told me that you could use any bluetooth headset with the ps3 . so i snagged one of these off of the shopping god , amazon .
ordered it and within a few days it was delivered very well packed .
it is clear in both directions , background noise is cancelled so who you are talking to can hear very well too .
they now have clip hangers that you can swivel out of the way if it needs to be placed in the way of your cell phones camera .
looks better in the picture than in person .
this works as well as my original apple cord , ca n 't tell the difference .
the problem is n 't necessarily that it is small which it is but it has a hard point on it and the button is difficult to press down . i highly recommend this headset .
any how did greats , adds little bulk , cut outs all line up .
they would probably work well on some other headsets .
either way the combination of the pre and these headphones is not a good one , palm pre owners should avoid these .
but not unusable if you use the beltloops to hold it in place .
i searched online and read it had to do with the way the meter read the load , and the guy recommended this one .
they probably would n 't be strong enough to hold a cellphone or camera but they are literally perfect for holding a usb .
this does not come with a wall charger , but you can use any usb charger you have .
i never use them always cutting out , even as normal telephone headset .
i have just under zero slack on the cable .
the cord is extra heavy to resist tangling .
this is because the amount of vacuum you create is dependent on how much you twist the base . on the other hand , the angle you can tilt is very minimum .
it arrived quickly and was exactly as advertized .
when the microphone boom is folded out , it turns on .
otherwise , pass on it . i was a little skeptical about buying a stereo bluetooth for such a bargain , but this is a nice headset .
with the iphone now able to use stereo bluetooth ( a2dp ) , i did my research and found this item which i had seen when it first came out .
she is a little more tech then i am and understands the cell phone more than myself .
it 's grippy enough not to be slippery so it can be slid in and out of jean pockets easily .
be sure to get at least 2 , one for charging the other for syncing .
i use it at work everyday to keep my phone charged .
really , it 's the best phone accessory i 've ever purchased , hand 's down , the best .
but we always have access to wifi at home or in the office .
sound quality is decent , and charge time is okay , but sadly , this thing cannot maintain the bluetooth connection with my iphone .
first a quick confession i do not like t mobile .
at my office we all ( no matter what carrier ) get about 1 2 bars of 1x edge .
the shipping on the item was great , i order on a thursday and received my plantronics on saturday . . . great shipping .
it prevents getting finger prints all over the phone .
no one can ever tell i 'm on a headset .
got this charger to have a spare at work for my krzr .
the last headset i had did n 't stay on my ear that well , this one does .
it is on the short side but works as it should .
made of soft rubber so it wo n 't scratch the ipad and it give you a better grip ( not slippery like the metal case ) . it 's very light so you can hardly notice the difference .
it is as if the plastic died of old age .
plus , it completely plugs your ear so you hear nothing out of that ear .
after speaking with him while he was using this headset , which was crystal clear , i asked my buddy what kind of headset he was using .
it is holding up very well .
units 2 of them would not sync or work with any of my laptops .
i 've noticed that plantronics and jabra tend to have this issue regularly with their headsets .
since no two people have the same size or shape ears , probably a headset should be tried on for fit before purchase just like you would a pair of shoes . . . . mt
i have owned plenty of terrible microusb chargers and this one gets the job done right .
they offer good music quality with a few quirks and marginal call quality .
especially one that charges with the universal usb adaptor so i do n 't have to carry multiple cords with me .
i chose this , because this has flash light and laser point .
i had the case for a week and noticed that the finish got very scratched up near the edges , revealing a silver base .
but the thinness is great if you do n 't want too much added bulk .
my phone has power input on the side so charging in the car is awkward .
it arrived in good time as well .
average 4 stars . update 3 8 2011 lately the voice calls have been very staticky so much so i had to turn off the headset and talk into my phone instead .
while this works great to boost a low signal area , i was hoping for it to boost signals where i would rarely get 1 bar , but like any digital signal , on or off .
do n 't like the ear clip thingies as they are too fragile .
my city went to hands free only while in the car .
i think it is a counterfeit of blackberry oem one .
the main two problems are extraneous noise problem and poor battery life .
it 's not as rubbery as some cases .
just be careful handling your phone since this privides no protection and can be tough to disengage from the phone .
i have another cable ( non retractable ) that is only a foot long that works just fine so i know the interference has something to do with this cable .
i got the purple which i like ( kind of a light plum ) . it 's small ( just slightly larger than the ipod ) , with a place for bills and two slots for credit cards license etc .
i purchased two of these cases , and they both failed the same way . until the manufacturer rethinks the construction of the side strip , i cannot recommend this product .
works great and a great price .
no touch screen , but that 's not a big deal .
when making calls on my blackberry , i hear very well and can speak in a normal tone of voice and be heard perfectly .
sorry people , and seriously , who cares to know if these straps can hall a 4x8 trailer ( haha ) . . .
no more running back to the office or home to check for orders .
adds too much bulk to my phone , hence i purchased a different case .
i chose this card even though it had mediocre reviews because it was the only one i could find that charged by use , not a prepaid amount .
the item arrived with one of its corners already broken ( missing a piece of it , which was not in the package ) . the cover is actually thick , it 's not slick as it seems to be in the picture .
adds almost nothing to the width , thickness and weight .
both were simple to set up .
namely , that some have used it for blackberries .
it 's not a bose , but it does exactly what it is advertised to do .
i highly recommend this car charger and thanks for the great price !
the only issue for me is that the bass is not as heavy as my corded headphones as expected .
i love this device it 's the only one that allows you to plug in your own headset .
just clipping it to my belt , the natural movement of going about my day would pop the clip off the case and the phone would hit the ground .
ordered this on a whim because our 10 year old is entirely into zebra stuff for some reason .
but the blue tooth works great !
made of cheap plastic but will do the job .
after a bit , wires were sticking out and it failed to charge my phone .
i ordered six cables and received the promptly .
this is just like a back of the phone replacement , so it does n 't add to much weight
the cell can stay where the reception is good . it sounds a little hollow though .
take it from a guy who 's a construction worker truck driver that has pretty tried out most of the high end bluetooth headsets out there .
i contacted otterbox customer service and they were very unresponsive and abrupt .
not only did some of them not work after a while some apple devices did not recognize them as an authorized charger .
easy to connect to my droid incredible each and everytime .
replacement cable worked well so was n 't my car .
the headset is n 't to bulky as others are and youget about 6 hours of talk time .
once i got the placement of the new glass correct and reconnected the cables the phone was ready to go . in short , great product , inclusion of case opening tools ( except for screwdrivers ) , fast free shipping and a great price a happy wife .
it works fine with the latest smartphones with special battery door .
i do however , wish that there were separate buttons or switches for these lights and that it would be not shared with the button to turn on the charger for actual charging .
my bill leveling was readjusted i did n 't pay the 3x price they tried making me pay .
it 's a plug in , which is actually a plus because it came power larger items too .
these headphones not only sound great but are lightweight and very rarely loose the signal with your device .
it seems to be finicky in the position it is in the cig lighter . ( maybe just my car , but never had this problem before with other car charger ) charges my phone like described though , i have a samsung sii epic 4g for sprint and it chargers this phone along with an older blackberry i have .
i am giving it to a friend and ordering a different one ( plantronics voyager 510 ? ) .
i ordered it thinking that this was a samsung cable but when it arrived i was really disappointed , not only was it not as long as the original but it was very poorly made .
the sound is muffled and you have increase the volume level to the max to even hear it .
it may be 2 mm thicker , but the same length as most .
this protective case seems to be much sturdier than many other iphone protectors i 've seen . the only reason i 'm giving it 4 stars is that , when you 're putting on the protective clear plastic over the screen , it 's very easy to get dirt and junk under there that you will never get out . definitely worth buying , though .
the blue light is very cool to !
the belt clip shattered into millions of pieces .
this charger also feels very sturdy and build quality is superb .
i was a diehard motorola man , but lg has won me over .
well made and i hope those chinese workers were paid well .
it comes without instructions so i watched videos and tutorials from few places . make sure to reattach the camera to the back of the board before assembling back . works great and battery performance is excellent !
got this for my dad to replace his car charger from wal * * * * . he loves this one .
the last batch i bought actually makes my phone spaz out when it 's charging .
far easier to charge my phone than constantly plugging and unplugging a cable and is very practical !
the ear loop snapped off while it was in the pocket of my suit .
do n 't expect miracle , if there is no signal to amplify , guess what , it wo n 't magnify anything .
but this headset , thinking it 's from motorola would work well with my phone , but no .
the jawbone may perform admirably as far as technology .
i had an otterbox case that was waaaaay too intense .
this unit is plenty loud , even when traveling in a noisy vehicle at highway speeds .
i have not tried it for data . it seems less robust than others i 've owned , but not incredibly cheesy .
i 've had this headset since january .
i 've received more positive feedback from friends about this iphone skin then any other case , cover or skin i 've previously owned .
charging multiple devices is one of those things that is just not very elegant .
so far he seems to greatly prefer the old icarpus stand that he could attached and adjust himself .
the sides remain unprotected and dust will get in . my canon a590 is on the large size for this wrap and i have to stretch the lining a bit to get the velcro to grasp , but once it takes hold it stays snug and remains so even in my pocket .
i would not suggest this case if you are looking for a kickstand case .
i get many complaints with the scala 700 that my voice is n 't clear or our connection is bad .
for smaller ears it does not feel very secure ( but does not fall off easily )
it fits well in jeans and yet is strong enough to get me through the afternoon reliably .
one of these will probably last longer than my headset , but that is good .
this may be ok but it will certainly not work with my samsung galaxy note 2 . it 's pretty much designed for narrow width height phones like the iphone .
i picked up one of these specifically for its ability to retract ; it 's quite fragile and flimsy , though , and within two days , it had broken and no longer retracts .
not the case with the h700 . this thing has volume galore !
only had these for 1 day but i am blown away by the fit , look and especially the performance of the bb 903 's .
you have to take it off to charge the dumb thing !
since it is wireless , i am able to work out in the gym and leave my phone in my bag while i listen to music .
to about 9 00 p . m . ) , and the battery lasts almost forever .
i have to say this is prolly the best bluetooth headphone out there , but also the most expensive .
the only shortcoming i can find is the method used to turn the unit on and off .
the s305 keeps going and going .
there are def some loose connections .
neeed to try sync option soon .
it 's inconceivable that an real apple cable ( $ 19 . 00 ) could be sold for $ 2 . 75 . amazon should not allow the device to be described as by apple if it 's not by apple . this a follow up to the above . the order from pricemasters ( $ 3 . 19 ) arrived today .
i do n 't usually get expensive accessories , but i decided to splurge on something nice for my new palm pre . unfortunately you do not get what you pay for , the tabs that hold the case onto the phone broke after a month of regular , well cared for use , so now the expensive case does not stay on the phone and is worthless .
magnetic flap stays shut and the elastic makes it easy to get open when a call comes .
when talking to someone , they need to concentrate when talking to me ; things i say are not very crisp .
especially if you have a motorola phone that 's not liking or fitting your knock off charger very well .
i later purched the battery pack by rs and a clarifi case and am so mad i spent the $ 100 for this .
these arrive quickly and are of better quality than the cheaper chargers .
i found the various button modes difficult to keep track of and found it a real problem over time . my biggest complaint is that this device is too too quiet at maximum volume .
the case started not closing properly , so his phone would fall out .
overall , this is a very rugged case , and really protected my phone to the max .
they work well for the duration but outside of that , not so much .
this mount is better as far as taking out the phone and putting it back in .
i bought this as a replacement after my icarpus stand began to fall apart in less than a month .
a headset like this is mandatory for me . i 've used other headsets before .
it has a red laser and flashlight which i did n 't notice when i ordered it .
i use this with my nexus s 4g from sprint and although it does indeed charge my device it causes some major issues , such as screen lag , my computer not being able to recognize what kind of device this is , and causing my phone to constantly jump into car mode .
this looks just like a retractable from another seller ( not all ) so maybe there is a factory making these for multiple companies .
with a dock or cable , you have to quickly and awkwardly unplug the phone to answer the call .
i do n 't feel like it offers my phone protection it leaves the front completely exposed with no ridges that fold over at all .
she went from about 2 days of light usage before having to charge to making sure the phone was on the charger every night .
this is as good as bluetooth gets . the downsides are the rediculously small buttons for power and volume , which are almost unusable for most , but fine for me . today i thought i lost my headset .
i went through two of these thinking i had a bad headset .
the jabra is that it does not have a usb charger ( small cord to plug into laptop when traveling ) , so you have to drag along the transformer .
however , the motorola s305 looks and feels better than the kinivo , and appears to be more durable . i would have given the s305 4 stars , but after three months of ownership , the volume button has completely broken .
for sure its a great blue tooth over all . . . .
purchase the plantronics voyager 510 over this one .
just thick enough to keep the lens glass and the display glass from touching when laying the phone down .
has more control buttons for the different functions compared to the 2 buttons the motorola has . the off on button is in a bad place , every time i lay on the bench to lift weights i lay on the button which shuts it off . . . poor design .
it is n 't very long , but is similar to the length of original cord .
this is more of a speakerphone that goes directly on your ears , but the music quality is great .
does the job with a great price tag .
you will need tools , so i suggest you get one with tools .
screen protectors must be applied perfectly or the cover pulls it up .
they do not have the annoying crackling that i get from most other cheap headsets .
i 've contacted amazon 's customer service several days ago asking what i should do , and did not receive any replies .
there are better cases for the money or a little bit more
after replacing it with 3 other units for my iphone 4 , i now realize just what a great bluetooth device it was .
i do n 't use my bluetooth earpiece often , so when i did go to use it , the soft foam just crumbled in my hand .
they work with the iphone as they have a mic and button but no volume controls unfortunately . that 's where the praise ends though .
that rim , if you have any type of skin on your device will peel that skin right off .
having a job in the tech field and 3 kids to boot . . . there are lots of opportunities for my blackberry to get damaged .
i was looking for something other than the cheap rubber tipped styluses that are everywhere and this one worked great for a while .
they charge and sink fine so i ended up ordering 10 more .
they look just like apples and so far are actually holding up better !
my bluetooth fits snug in it .
it works very well and is an excellent additional power source .
it works , so that 's good enough for me .
it is nice to use once you have the device cracked open to run around the edges and separate the case adhesive .
it has a good sound quality and works great with my iphone5c .
it was white plastic , it did n 't come with the hard shell just the sleeve that goes over it .
besides the color being darker on the printing i ca n 't tell the difference between these and the oem cords we got with our phones .
it allows my droid phone to sit well in the dash mount .
so far i am on my third oem power supply .
the reviews or description doesnt tell you that this is just a dock and does n 't charge the phone .
makes the phone feel as sleek as it does without a case .
i used the card by itself .
totally recommend this product for charging phones and ipods .
more than likely not important for the vast majority of people , but a few might object for one reason or another . build quality on this blackberry branded adapter is moderate .
however , i know i will rarely use it as a laser or flashlight . although marketed for apple products , there was n 't a apple usb cable provided for me .
i love the color and protection this case provides to my phone bit is slim and yet vey protective .
it was good while it lasted because it protected my phone allowing easy access .
why did n 't i start using a stylus for my iproducts a long time ago ! ! ! this makes it so much more enjoyable .
this charger works better and faster than the original one that comes with my samsung galaxy 4g .
i needed to open an ipod touch .
they love them and they seem to fit well .
it seems to me that duracell rushed this out just for the holiday season and never bothered finishing the product .
i cannot really claim to have seen a difference , but then i do n 't wear the borg bluetooth earpiece , so my phone goes with me when i talk on it .
i tried a horizontal holster which was just too big ( it was designed for a phone with an otterbox ) . i have a plastic protective case ( not a large one ) on my phone so i was happy when i got this one and my phone fit perfectly .
although a little bulkier than the others , it is much more comfortable and my callers and i actually feel it sounds better than using the handset .
this was the best case i had ever had at first . . . then the light quit coming on on the face of the phone because the case stretched and began drooping and covered the sensors .
it was impressive that it had that much memory , but then again it also had trouble recognizing any name correctly for dialing .
i love that it is one piece instead of a usb adaptor .
it is a good grade of plastic and pops the covers off for a quick change with no hassle .
these work great and fit nicely just be aware that they are for the older version of this phone and not the verizon plus version because there is a small circle cut out on the bottom part that is for a button which the older models have .
i then read about the dock n talk , or whatever it 's called , and a ge bluetooth link , but everyone kept swearing by the xlink . the xlink worked right out of the box .
it does n 't add any value does n 't make the phone easier to carry or use , does n 't add significa n 't protection , or do anything else .
but only lasted a couple of months and only worked with certain wall chargers .
you just plug it into the appliance and then read the daily , weekly , monthly , or annual energy cost almost idiot proof .
i got the product very fast and it looks and feels great one the phone .
easily fits the iphone 5 and the appearance looks good too .
i like it because of the ease to attach charger , no need to remove from case .
it also charged my itouch 4 with no problem on th esame trip .
this is what customers use a kill a watt for , to monitor real time use .
this was a gift and it works great !
and still can fit a cool tight fitting cover .
i wore them yesterday ( chest day ) at the gym , and when i laid down on the bench , the s9 's got all dislodged ( because of that back piece ) . all in all a good start .
the chargers , cover and cable is worthwhile
it is exactly as it looks .
this is quite a bulky case with the holster belt clip in place but not so bulky if you just use the case .
i bought two oem batteries from the seller sellphonestop . using it for my lg rumor2 sliderphone . as of the current date with 6 months of use these two batteries still functions for 8 hours a charge on heavy use ( picture texting texting , internet , and calling . ) just like the battery that originally came with my phone .
it would only charge my phone if i wiggled it around a bit . other than that it is great and i love the blue light on it !
easy to use and quick to charge .
this case is good quality and arrived on time will be a good standby when i need to protect my phone doing a task .
well , i received the evercase today and its nice , has the proper slots in the rear for the camera and microphone and fits the phone properly . nevertheless , is not the type of case i usually have as missing the belt clip .
with its leather cover closing the plastic case , its elegant . one thing i felt is , they wud ve made it little thinner .
this came with a carrying case and it looked very impressive .
great value , and a great case !
pay attention to the current draw on your device .
they do not distort images but show when the screen is turned off . it was delivered in a timely manner .
one heavy use is that i use a password manager on a usb thumbdrive and it gets plugged in at least twice a day .
after giving it a full charge , it was still not off , working like a hero !
for less than $ 1 shipped , i figured i did n 't have anything to lose .
the rings are split and it looks exactly like the picture .
my fianc eacute ; and myself use these mophie packs on our iphone 3gs phones .
i had at t ; service before with the razr phone in the same location and had problems with reception all day long .
the volume was terrible , and so was the sound quality . this headset is so loud that i have to keep it on the 3rd from highest setting .
all 3 of these eventually stopped working properly .
if the headset was exposed to even a little moisture , it either randomly increased or decreased the volume ( with an insane beep every 1 2 second ) or stopped functioning altogether .
the build is solid and looks like quality material .
only con i can think of is sometimes the circular button at the bottom is difficult to press as well as initially starting to use the power button ( have to break in the case ) .
it works great , looks great , and is a much more convenient way to charge your phone .
unless you intend to integrate that with the antenna or something . . . . happy shopping ! update that belt loop in the back of the case is a pick pocketer 's worst nightmare .
the noise cancellation feature is not great .
it fits around your iphone as if no cover was there .
the only improvement would be a tether for the cap , but still , it 's well worth the price . the customer service is very responsive when i got this battery i discovered that they sent me the wrong cord .
i wo n 't be buying those $ 2 car chargers anymore .
there is a small light on it that indicates whether it is receiving power from the outlet . i would recommend this to anyone who is not limited on space as this sat about 2 1 2 inches out of the cig outlet .
i bought this from amazon to have an alternate batters from my gps logger and it gets the job done .
removable clip allows the case to be used either on he belt or in the pocket of a suit jacket ; thus far is sturdy enough that i do n 't worry about the clip coming undone and losing the phone .
stays securely connected to the computer and phone .
this is annoying when trying to answer a call or trying to get to a text message .
and that makes it very hard to use in the car when you have a lot of road noise or rain , etc .
i would definitely recommend this headset for those with smaller ears that find the regular over the hook types to be a constant annoyance by falling off or feeling too loose all the time and also for anyone looking for good sound quality .
i like that it has some hardness to it but the case is not idealit is very slippery on the backthe sides are ok , very hard feeling knobs but will not slip . alignment is perfect ! the plastic back also is not perfect , has blemishes from material
i think it look just as nice as the 975 . excellent build quality .
but it 's the sacrifice you make for convenience portability .
ps i also have a speaker phone device for the car but it is totally useless by comparison .
bought one of these as a convenient way to charge and sync my ipaq glisten .
if you have really long ear buds this might actually be a little too small .
i 've always wanted a bluetooth speaker for the house but never could find one that was just right . this product works very well .
i 'm amazed at the number or featuresin this small package .
i have loved the mp3 player .
it has the motorola branding and the price is about one fifth what you 'd pay at the verizon store or in a best buy . it charges your incredible pretty quickly .
it has a long battery life and clear sound .
you have cases for phones so why not have one for your bluetooth .
i 've had my iphone in the defender for about 3 months and it looks as shiny as the day i bought it . a few caveats the plastic film that covers the screen has a weird oily pooling effect that 's distracting .
i also like the coiled cord .
the problem i had was i did not expect the black alligator look would be so glossy .
loooong delivery time but worked as expected . hurry and make the switch to android before you invest too much more into the apple market . ; ) you do n 't have to go through all this torture to change an android battery !
it was quick and easy to set up and use .
it 's more comfortable to use , too . 1 star off for the very tight and rigid pocket clip .
at that price it is a good bargain for anyone who wants a plain vanilla headset with decent sound quality .
i got it for my htc thunderbolt .
very nice little charger have not given it to my mother yet , i was hoping that it had two small ends were the same as her phone is a bit different but it works with my other phones and i bought a set of energizer batteries to use
my gift recipient absolutely loved this case .
now the only thing about the holster case is that it does not actually grasp the phone , so even though this is a swivel holster , it would be bad to rotate it 180 degree from the upward position .
so this is not a good cable for ipad .
i love this charger it charges my phone at a kinda good rate for real and the cord is long enough
they are not rigid plastic , both are flexible ( but not flimsy ) but the blackout case is a little more flexible than the airwave .
the sound is great , equal to some higher end ones from bose ( or close ) . they have magnets so the two earphones 34 ; stick 34 ; together and do n 't get so tangled . very good purchase .
for not being specifically designed to charge something with a ten hour battery life , it did amazingly well .
also the shape is nice because you can lay down without having them stick into your ear .
i have small ears , so you would think it would be easy to find a headset that stays in , but no .
i bought this battery to replace the one in my dash cam .
it 's the assemble of functionality you can ever imagine .
however , it quickly lost the ability to retain a charge and requires daily recharging when the original oem battery lasted 3 5 days when new .
i like that it comes with various sizes ear buds so you can get the right fit .
there is room for one of those , but not for the both . i wanted to use it for two things as my speaker system for the laptop and at the same time , to use as the blue tooth for my iphone 4 . the sound quality for music and sound files played from my laptop is poor , compared to the plantronics dsp 400 i have been using until now .
mine snapped in half in the first two weeks . no dedicated on off switch , so it turns on constantly if left in a pocket ( and then starts calling people when you bump the button ) . earpiece screws on and off , but is very fragile .
i have the older version of this charger , which is a little larger and holds slightly less charge .
sound quality 's good as long as you 're not driving with the window down .
you get what you pay for .
we 've had acceptable results from a solution integrated into gps . . . but much of our regular driving does n 't include the need to load up a full size gps .
still have the same fit problems , and also i have noticed the charge time is a lot longer than my real charger .
the clip on was not secure enough .
i sometimes prefer this one to some of the newer plantronics , but it 's a matter of taste .
it 's about as thick as a credit card , although a bit longer . what 's it good for ?
but the deluxe is just not worth the money
company was quick to respond to my concerns about shipping .
solid little chargerupdate just died on me .
will not protect corners from drops but looks and feels great . i personally have had no problems with durability . 2 weeks old as of now , review at 1 month to follow .
ordered from oem and it arrived quickly , within a couple of days .
1 . the usb ports on the sides are spaced far enough apart that i can use all the slots .
i was deep in the upper mojave desert .
this one has belt loops ; but the case mate one has a clip that is so strong it stays put too , and that one has a more sturdy case , a phone cover , and a free screen protector .
item was received quickly and was as seller stated .
i need to squeeze the side release buttons more than the apple one to release it from my iphone 3gs , but that 's ok .
it is comfortable if you do n 't mind the loop part that goes over your ears .
but i always felt like the earpiece was about to fall out , unless i jammed it into my ear so far that it became uncomfortable . enter the jabra eargels . . .
then yesterday it stopped functioning totally !
this makes a very frustrating user experience , esp .
some of the features were more difficult to work with .
the otterbox has proved to be an attractive and functional addition to the e71 .
it only comes with one bulky thumb charger clip ( and three adapters that may or may not fit your phone ) that attaches on your cell phone with tape ( provided ) . the adapters are expensive , around $ 30 . the adapters only fit a few phones and models .
i have it paired with a razr , and it was fairly straightforward , after i carefully re read and understood the instructions ) i wish they had made it easier to fold and put in a pocket ( and also that it shut off easily like some of the moto models ) . also note that if you use the little foam tip for the mouthpiece , it can fall off way too easily .
when i expect high use or an extended stay i buy a separate sim card from a local provider in the country , but for occasional use i use this .
they definitely do not have a ton of range or depth to the music , but they can get pretty loud . for the positive stuff . . .
if you drop your phone , this will not absorb much shock compared to more bulky cases .
the fit is tight enough so granules of dirt wo n 't get lodged between the case and phone .
i 've been able to charge my phone numerous times on one charge of this battery pack .
the dc plug in section came unglued attached and the wire got loose .
the fit is very tight , maybe too tight , but the phone does n 't slide around at all in the case .
the added led flashlight is also useful .
sound was pretty good and great for call .
i purchased this mount for my iphone 3g .
this headset sucked and for the price it just annoyed me to pay that much to get a cruddy result .
i 'd guess that this case would outlast my phone . however , it 's too big for my bb curve .
i have a samsung galaxy player 5 . 0 and has the standard micro charging port samsung uses in most of their products .
i have compared 8 different headsets and the plantronics voyager 510 is the only one that allows a clear conversation in this environment .
it seems to provide excellent protection from minor falls i . e .
i thought this was very flimsy and not at all sturdy enough for protection .
i wish my us carrier ( verizon ) had the same phone !
these screen protectors are okay for what they are .
when it first went into the phone to charge , the display said , 34 ; unable to charge 34 ; and i muttered , 34 ; oh excrement . 34 ; two seconds later the display changed to , 34 ; charging . 34 ; checking again after half an hour , there was a quarter charge .
from the reviews i have read it offers superior wind noise reduction also .
it does fit snugly and is better than the super cheap cases for sale on meritline and ebay .
the included tools were a bonus .
this is not a nice looking product but it does what it 's supposed to do .
all the controls worked and life was great .
this set has some very unique screw driver heads , the kind of set you need for working on cell phones or household small appliances .
it requires little setup or knowledge to use this thing , and is easy to charge up two phones at the same time .
i purchased this plantronics and i have to say , the quality is impeccable .
as expected , amazon was wonderful exchanging for the better model and shipped it right away .
other than that , it 's basically like all other gsm phones .
the product works exactly as the factory cord ; and , the retractable feature allows me to easily keep this one stored in my truck instead of toting all of my cords back and forth from the house to the truck .
new trent provides a great solution .
there is probably something more technical than wind direction involved in the service drops , but i 'm not positive there is . i hoped that this gadget would set the service straight and steady .
it fits snugly , looks great , covers the buttons ( big plus ) , and is n 't so bulky .
i had been using theotterbox impact case , but wanted to test out something with a little less bulk . at first i thought i had broken the case not realizing that it comes in two pieces .
once you get it wedged into your ear though , it works very well .
at this point , i just cried and cursed the s4 for being so big .
also no finger prints or marks visible .
turns on off easily . negatives people complain they ca n 't hear me on a regular basis ( even when there is n 't noise around me ) . is awful with wind noise .
the plastic incipio uses does n 't scratch easily ( i 've had mine for almost a month of constant use and do n 't have one scratch on it ) and the edges are nicely rounded so your fingers slide over it smoothly . the only reason it does n 't get 5 stars is i do n 't like the logo on the back .
i 'd read online that some did n 't like it because when the bold is in the pod it can easily tip . in my usage i have not had any problems with the base tumbling .
an easy fix would be just a little foam around the microphone .
recommended the otterbox and also the seller is recommended amazon .
this is a high end model featuring the most fantastic features of a bluetooth device the stylish boom will help you feel comfortable and ensure the bluetooth is on and in function the sound and noise reduction is perfect the price and everything around is a real breeze still enjoying it . competive price for business and industrial
i can also verify it works well with the iphone 4 . supposedly it works with a host of android devices , too , in case you let any electrical engineers borrow your car .
when the cable connector goes bad , the charger becomes useless .
nice quality at a nice price .
though , i do n 't what 's the life for the other charger .
the lcd screen protector it 's kind of crap .
i bought this cable to connect my mp3 to the car radio .
this is a great rubber case for the dare , and it was only 1 penny ( plus shipping ) ! if you buy this case , you need to take the tip of a pen and push out the dot where the mic is located . other that that , it 's a very nice case . have n 't dropped the phone since i got this .
i use it when cutting grass .
hardware is sloppily built , lots of wiggles , not tight at all .
i also like that the case protects the home button . if you have kids , you know that gunk ( i . e .
i bought it for my samsung galaxy s3 cell phone with white hard plastic sleeve .
i am not sure if my problem was unusual , but these corded headsets seem to be hit or miss .
the motorola h 700 is great for the price i paid .
the one i received from amazon looked almost identical to my old case , but has major quality issues the matte finish coating started peeling off almost instantly .
it is big enough for my iphone when the iphone is in a protective shell case . only thing that bums me out is that it only comes in this funky brown .
it could be more aesthetically pleasing , but as i 'm sure it 's designed for a wide variety of phones that need a remote lifter , i suppose you ca n 't complain . mounting the unit can be tricky .
one downside on the design is the ridiculously difficult to remove back cover .
it is guaranteed to fall over , scratch your roof and generally be a pain in the buttocks . i wish this antenna were offered with a nmo mount .
the design of the unit does not lend itself to easy , long term usage .
the fact that this case is so inexpensive just adds to its otherwise perfect rating .
i bought a htc one recently and i wanted a long cord charger for work place and this micro usb charger was just perfect .
the case is a slim fit , being as tho i am 6' 8 34 ; it fits in my jeans pocket with no problem .
i got this pack of covers when i had my iphone 3gs .
however , since those require removal from the ottebox i feel this is a worthwile tradeoff .
they are nice and light to wear .
it holds to my pants pocket and does n 't let go .
i got this for my phone ( htc mytouch ) . the holder has a nice firm grip even with other bar typed phones ( i also tried it with my son 's blackberry and it works quite well ) . the rotating holder allows me to view the phone screen in landscape when i use my phone 's gps .
if your original cord gets damaged this is a good alternative to buying the more expensive apple cables .
i bought this earpiece a month ago to go with my brand new nextel i870 . it worked sorta ok but was a bit finiky when used with my phone in my belt holder .
it charges my phone rapidly as advertised .
that 's been my experience with this thing since then . the 5200 mah is very overrated .
if the phone or headset happens to be in sleep mode and your bluetooth connection is n 't currently active when you do this , you may not get the voice dialing feature to automatically start using the headset . i 'm returning the sound id 200 ; it 's not performing as well as i would like to replace my other headsets .
our phones are the sprint samsung instincts .
i recently broke the ear hook on my jawbone because i was n 't using a case to protect it .
i have a blueant z9 which fits pretty well but picks up noises like running water or shuffling paper and delivers them at ear splitting levels to my caller .
this is the worst case ever .
definitely not oem but much better quality than other glass my friends have purchased .
existing landline service is also uninterrupted .
good shipping . update i did n 't get the rebate so $ 23 for a pretty bad bluetooth .
did n 't charge my i pad , and worked for about two weeks before the wires pulled out the bottom .
my iphone is a 2nd gen 8gb . it is a simple , no frills case .
the otterbox defender case for blackberry tour is near perfect , except for the thin plastic led cover , which should perhaps include two instead of one due to their weakness . however , we did n 't end up keeping this case because theblackberry tour 9630 phone , black ( sprint ) was such a poor quality model that we returned both .
it 's flimsy and gets really tangled really easy .
will never trust any other brand except motorola as far as headsets go because they clearly know their stuff !
the unit is very thin and fairly small , but it puts out quite loud sound with amazing quality .
nice charger at a very reasonable price .
i ordered this bluetooth device to allow me to use it while driving a bus .
both sockets work , although a little more slowly because it is splitting the power between two things .
one charge on the power pack was enough to charge my iphone twice from 2 charge to 100 ( in about 3 hours each time ) , and there was still enough power left to take my phone from 1 to 28 on the third attempt .
i know , the secondary item is cheap , so no biggie , right ?
they sound good but i am not an audiophile .
as you have to press it against your face ( face too skinny ? ) , what is the point of wearing a headset if you need to use one hand to operate it and the other hand on the steering wheel ?
this basic little item is amazingly handy , especially since it 's become illegal to actually hold your handset to your ear in maryland .
the cable length is different . . .
this appears to be the weakest part of the case .
this plug splitter worked fine for about one year .
i keep one in my truck to plug into a usb charging adapter .
i bought this motorola s9 hd for my boyfriends blackberry 8330m , his says it 's seamless operation between music and calls are top notch .
i use an itouch this stylus is perfect for the games where fingers are just too big !
this is being sold as a charging pod .
keeps the phone protected from accidental falls .
perhaps i could have optimized the installation , such as by putting the repeater outdoors under the eaves , to get better results .
i like the lip to protect the screen .
the case was a little big for only a bt but too small to also place charger int he case .
i bought this to replace a motorola headset that i had to return .
not to mention i received this product that fits a little loose into my actual car charger .
it seriously seems to continuously charge my idevices !
the sound quality is excellent and it connects reliably . the speaking voice takes getting used to , but it 's not too obtrusive .
while it takes a little while getting used to it , once you do , it is a much faster device than any other phone for emailing and texting .
however , that 's about it , no additional functionality .
the company i bought from was ships from hong kong .
i love this charging pod so much i purchased 3 more for friends after receiving the first ( and they love theirs too ) . you cannot tell from the picture , but the inside of the pod has charging pins that protrude slightly and when the blackberry is placed into the pod the pins touch charging contacts on both sides of your blackberry which enables charging .
the only negative is the screen gets smeared and dirty very easily ; however , the product does include a lint cloth .
they sent me 3 white ones along with the packing slip that showed my correct 1wh 2bl order .
pairing is simple and it connects to my htc rezound easily and every time i want it to .
i bought this earphones for the purpose of having my phone handy while driving .
thank you amazon . com for saving us so much money !
i was laughing since the post office indicated it must be a high value item .
these tools are better than expected .
i used to have a palm pre , and stick to the universal accessories .
at the time one of the best blue tooth headsets around and 4 headsets later , came back to purchase another one
palm had so much to give to the world it is a shame verizon shot them in the back and hp buried them .
however , it does n 't fit my verizon iphone at all too small .
not sure if this is oem or not , but it seems to work ok .
not much of a sound loss or any such issue .
it does n 't adjust at all and did not securely hold my droid .
this charger worked only for one month .
i have used many bluetooth head sets in my time and this is the best . my previously unit was the plantronics 510 that has been so highly rated wherever opinions are recorded .
why pay $ 120 if there 's no added value ? ! no doubt , it wraps around your ear very snug unlike the motorola headsets but there 's virtually no improvements compared to bt250 . and let me guess the next jabra model would be bt500v for vibrate .
finally , volume controller stopped working .
go back to the juice pack or wait for the next generation .
ca n 't wait for summer to open my sunroof and give it a try ! !
i have to say that so far this is the best case that i have tried out from box wave .
when you plug the phone directly into the charger on bedside mode , the phone goes completely dark , but with the dock it 's dimmed so it 's still visible .
i have tried hard to listen for noise or distortion by adding this adaptor , and even on $ 300 headphones on which i am able to hear nuance in recordings that are lost to my earbuds i cannot hear any difference .
very nice case , sturdy , and fits the samsung s3 ( sprint ) with no problems !
it is not super fancy , though it has a lot of fuctionality .
speaking of bubbles , you just have to be careful .
cnet has been a reliable source for most of my technology purchases .
the windscreen is great too for the microphone .
i go through these cable pretty fast .
speakerphone is fairly powerful for such a small package but the sound is not always crystal clear .
as others have said , most will never know you are on a headset .
induction charging is the wave of the future of charging small portable devices . . .
if you are in the market for additional car charging ports i highly recommend this .
the keyboard is excellent and probably the best keyboard you can make for a phone this small . there are some negatives , too the phone software is aging and not the most intuitive , the built in voip app does n 't quite work , and there are not that many useful third party applications out there .
it was either the bt250 for $ 80 or the moto hs810 for $ 99 . not knowing too much about bluetooth headsets at the time , i opted for the bt250 . two weeks later and i 'm giddy like a kid in a candy store . it took a while to figure out how to install the headset to your ear , but i 'm sure most , if not all , bluetooth headsets share the same minor inconvenience .
magnetic flap is very secure but opens easily .
good . it works as expected . as it is a charger it either works as expected or not .
you have to open the mic while your finger is holding the button down .
this cable functions fine ( at first ) , but it probably wo n 't hold up to everyday use .
this is an original nokia home charger with the nokia insignia on top of the charger itself just like the one that came with my nokia phone . low price ( under three bucks ) and original brand item , i am pleased with this purchase .
very reasonably priced , as the phone store wanted $ 40 more than i paid on this site .
i have had three clips break and now buy only the case ; no more blet clips for me . i do not abuse the clips unless you call normal wear as a teacher as abuse .
can slide back when active and the earphones are not in your ears .
this one has the smallest loop of them all but with the help of a paperclip , i was able to get the strap in .
i love the tech , but ultimately give into the practicality .
i find that if you firmly place the earloop around the base of the ear and then fold in the receiver in fitsfirmly and does n 't come loose .
with these two devices i cannot have the h700 connect simultaneously ( other bluetooth products notably the plantronics ) are able to connect simultaneously to two devices . i recommend this headset , and amazon has the most competitive pricing available .
for the low price having an extra usb charger this works great .
the arm band is small too tight for my biceps .
i 've had other bluetooth head sets i found them uncomfortable to wear and i was always asking people to repeat themselves .
plus it comes with a usb cable which you can use to charge it and then to charge your phone .
you can use it with any phone that needs a mini usb connection .
basically , it can be paired with any bt transmitters ( ipod , mac pc ) easily , which is good , right ? ! sound quality heh !
another negative i love to listen to any of my 3rd party apps through my iphone and it would never pick up .
what 's great is that it is a 3 in 1 ( charger , flashlight and led pointer ) . the extra benefit is that it is compact and small eough to fit in my suit pocket .
the plantronics voyager pro would hold it 's charge for at least two weeks .
the instructions state that you should not connect the touchstone dock to a computer via usb ; i think the average computer usb port may not deliver sufficient electrical current . the next question is , do you want to buy additional docks to charge your phone at the office or in the car ?
no clicking feedback from the button , and buttons either would not respond or get stuck . if this had a better button design , it would be a keeper .
great size can fit with case and has belt clip asd well . looks great for manmade leather and great price , well worth the purchase . thank you amazon .
i use regular headphones and sound is goo .
or at least a case that can carry both the battery and an iphone cable .
provides a local hub source for on top of the cabinet when the computer is located underneath .
the motorola had no impact on hearing that i would notice . the talk time is my biggest complaint .
it is not as sticky as some other rubberized cases i have used seen but , still gets stuck in your pocket and covered with a fair amount of lint .
this one charges quickly and reliably .
the case itself fits fine , and the iphone is certainly quite usable with the case on .
it snaps right into place and does n 't move one bit .
fortunately i had other generic screen protectors , one of which i cut to size and applied .
many reviews of this product point out that it can be used with devices other than the specified blackberry models . this is true , but be careful ! this charger is rated with an output of 5v at 700ma .
i attempted to replace the large ear insert , and could not buy them with the covers .
it is made by plantronics ! ! ! ! yes , if you ca n 't tell , i can only rave about this product .
no issues whatsoever . the white case on the other hand has had some problems .
it 's small enough to fit in a pocket but still has enough power to charge a dead phone .
with such good luck on prior defenders , i decided to get one when i upgraded to the galaxy s5 . the good news same rugged quality of construction on the s5 defender case . the really good news when i added the samsung oem wireless charging back cover , i managed ( with some effort and a small compromise ) to get the defender case to fit over the slightly larger back cover .
i also get a tingling sensation around my ear and a mild ache in the outer part of my ear everytime i use it .
this pouch will not fit phones big like the samsung galaxy note 3 with or without case , it is way too small .
i got it for my dad but i worked great , easy to put on and easy to take off !
i am sticking with amazon prime on everything from now on .
it has better wind resistant than most .
granted , i 'm a road warrior and my earbooms probably go through more abuse than a casual user .
of the four charging doors i bought none of them work as directed .
the build quality is outstanding , a very solid phone with no squeaks or loose parts .
the cable is good , but it does not fit the samsung galaxy s4 . it does plug in , but not far enough in to hold securely .
this case is indistinguishable from the one that came with blackberry curve 8330 . like the original case , it does have the sleep function that saves battery power by putting my blackberry into standby mode when it is in the case . i 'm glad that this case was available since it was less than optimal to carry my blackberry around in my pocket without it . highly recommended ! cfh
battery life is excellent . only complaint maximum volume is a smidge low .
the part that has the white piece on it that is not the part for the phone , everybody messed the first one up clean the phone first i hope you get the best out of them .
about the only acceptable solution is to use a headset and plant that sound right in your ear !
i am able to hear sound and use the microphone .
i needed a new car charger and for $ 5 and free shipping , why not try it .
or just use your device in landscape orientation . * it 's a small , portable stand .
my husband can charge his iphone while using it as a gps , and i can charge our itouch so we can listen to music as we drive along .
i set my phone down on my computer desk for 10 minutes and i checked the signal strength on my droid x and it read 87 dbm .
completely worthless and just a money grab by the seller .
i did return it do to the fact that it did n 't pair up well with the lg dare and the voice commands were not that good .
and you have lots and lots of apps from . . . so you can extend the funcionallity of the phone . if you need a case for this phone i recomend the boxwave e71 clip that you can find in amazon .
this charges so far i have had for about two weeks and it seems to work just fine also love the blue light that illuminates whenever you plug it in
it could be because of my lack of time with the device , but a separate button to turn on the led or laser would make this a 5 star device .
simply flipping the mouthpiece open turns the unit on and flipping it close turns it off .
in my opinion this is the best case available for the price . ( pd $ 20 . 00 at amazon ! ! ! ) a few cons are 1 screen protector gets air bubbles between phone screen and screen protector giving an appearance of water or oil marks . 2 some chargers and docking stations will not work with this case on . 3 if you have to remove case it can be difficult to remove .
i can get a minimum of 4 full charges before the new trent battery pack needs to be charged again .
when i ordered this zagg screen guard , i figured it was really good becuase there 'svideos and people bragging about it . well i was really dissapointed .
however , it does have some positive traits .
this charger has met my expectations .
no power supply provided so must recharge from a pc or charger with usb outlet , not a big deal for me and helps hold the cost down .
the phone had to go back because of this . 2 ) applications just suck up power if you use the phone for more than th e phone , you 'll run short . 3 ) application hangups podcasts downloaded caused the media player to get stuck .
my skin fits very well to the blackberry curve 8530 . i could note that on the sides it could fit a bit tighter .
i 'm glad i purchased this item , since it 's great for charging a bb battery when you do n 't want to plug in your phone to charge the battery assuming you have extra batteries to do it .
woot . this is a very good case .
also , i found the plantronics to be uncomfortable for long periods of time .
the mic boom is contoured to follow the curve of your cheek .
audio is not great , i have trouble hearing anyone without a perfect connection , my blueant in ear is much better .
good stuff the phone itself has all the typical features i need the battery is nimh so less memory effects and less environmentally unsafe than nicad the unit is small and very light the headset sits on top of the antenna when not in use and i think that 's pretty coolbad stuff the audio quality is just ok .
might be a good case for nights out , but probably wont protect your phone much .
by way of the two ( 2 ) copper strips just beneath the battery cover . i bought the charge pod and have been using it for more than a month now and i can say it works great .
after making sure that the camera is tightly secured , then you wrap it like a burrito ) it will be open to the sides , but it will still be completely protected as the material extends beyond the length of the camera . one disadvantage is that you have to remove the case if you want to mount the camera to a tripod .
it 's still slim enough to fit in my t shirt pocket .
as some other reviewers mentioned , the pinch connector could break because it seems to use a very thin piece of metal for a spring .
cards are held securely and the pocket is just deep enough for bills folded in half .
i need a backup charger for my sprint phone when i travel .
installation of any protective screen is fairly tricky as you have to clean the device well and then align protective screen very carefully paying close attention to the edges .
i owned another plantronics headset before this ( a voyager 510 , i believe ) , but this one is even better .
this is one of the problems with buying an integrated charger cable unit . . .
you have to press pretty hard to get it to pick up , and when you do the crappy tip compresses and scrapes the also crappy metal of the case into the screen .
the case grips well and allows me to place then phone on my dash without it sliding about .
i have to take the cases off of both to get this cord to plug in .
it doesnt come with a charger , but you just connect it to the pod and it charges !
maybe they shipped the wrong item ( ? ) , other than that , the skin would have been great .
before this i had a gaggle of cords and ties all over byt 3 of these cleaned up my dash .
a suggestion do n 't wear the clip without the phone in it , it sticks out from your belt and snaps off very easily .
the bluetooth connection is awesome and really easy to set up .
and the screen protectors worked just fine .
and the blue tooth has great range .
it is a little larger in size but it is light in weight and comfortable for extended wear ( 3 4 hours at a time ) . there is one drawback , the unusual power cord plug .
it is plenty loud ( i have hearing loss from fighting in iraq ) , very comfortable to wear all day and never drops out on my iphone .
i expected that i will have 40 34 ; cable but it was 20 34 ; . i am not sure if i missed any details when i ordered it .
i bought this for use with my droid maxx in an otterbox case .
i paid $ 1 for it and was going to use it as a car charger adapter , but that was to no avail .
it 's standard protection , nothing more ! ! it easily peels off of the phone with the slightest bit of pressure . but it does offer some protection .
now i want to buy their external laptop battery . . . . .
the listeners at the other end , who used to complain of muffled voice from my built in cadillac bluetooth phone , can now hear clearly and sometime have hard time believing that i am calling from handsfree phone .
i have smaller ears and this is very uncomfortable to wear .
it is a bit larger so make space to store it .
i ordered this after my original palm pre battery died .
omg , if u have a tape deck and need aux use this product , it 's not exspensive and sounds great and works with mp3 , cd players , phones . its got awsome sound ! ! ! way better than a fm transmitter ! ! ! ! !
ymmv . i find that if i move my phone while it 's connected to the headset , that the person on the other end gets a ton of static .
however , with a few tweaks this could be a 5 star case for its particular application .
better than the other 2 plantronics headsets i have owned . cons could be louder .
there 's about a $ 150 price difference between these two phones so i 'm not sure how they figure these two are comparable but oh well . cons the speaker is way too quiet , the proprietary data cable is not included , the clear button is too close to the down arrow , and turning the volume up or down is annoying because it rings .
but because of the design , any ear buds can be used in place of the supplied ones .
the problem is with the micro usb section .
it was still in it 's original packaging , and the battery life clarifies that )
they charge fast , hold their charge long , priced right , compact and sort of light weight , looks great , well made , prove great customer service , and they do the job .
i work out of my company truck and use it to power my gps device and cell , works great ! !
any otterbox is over rated . griffin is the way to go . period ! never buy otterbox .
it 's nice to always have an extra charged battery .
when i put the phone in the case , it came out almost immediately .
its really smalllike 1x1inbut it does what i need want it to dothe ehh part is that if you wrap headphone with the microphone part its kinda annoying because the curvyman is so smalli use it for my iphone5 headphones
the battery case looks stylish and charges me up .
i guess the glasses keep the headset from forming a good seal . i would now give these 4 stars .
but it comes at a price . . . . added weight and bulk .
one said that he had to turn down his tv volume so he could hear me ( no lie ) . i switched back to the other headset and i was back to crystal clarity .
even with the newer jawbone 's out there , none of them can compare to the original .
they charge fast and work great .
the only thing that works for me in this regard is plantronics , the one the hooks behind your ear lobe , but that one is not noise canceling , so i ca n 't hear as well when the wind noise gets high in the car .
absolutely amazing background noise cancellation . update 2 this battery lasts forever very impressed and you really forget you 're wearing this thing it 's that small and light !
this usb charger really does work quicker than the one it replaced .
picking it up one immediately notices a feel of cheap plastic and low end manufacturing . the sound is on par with the build quality lightweight and tinny . the tenqa sp 109 is extremely inexpensive .
have held up great with lots of use .
it seems to work just fine although the order took an awfully long time to arrive .
it sees weekly use , with a samsung s smart phone .
there were scratches on the front , and a small dent .
the first item i used it to charge was my iphone4s which was at 13 battery life .
when you talk , you talk in a normal voice .
there is even a great troubleshooting portion at the end . the rates are about $ 0 . 05 per minute cheaper than at t ; , but ultimately it will depend on which countries you visit . i love the fact that i now have an international number for whenever i travel .
it looks more navy blue even when i put it on white background .
it 's very lightweight , comfortable and sits securely on my ear .
the application is thorough in design and allows for an extensive view of the internal applications of my cell phone ( motorola razr v3 ) . excellent phone and excellent application for data transfer between my computer and cell phone .
i have however seen the results of a friend that did not front for an otterbox defender case and his shattered face had an interesting pattern to it . ( the phone 's shattered face also . )
have n 't had any issues with humidity inside the pack , but i 'm not a heavy user of my cell phone or touch while paddling .
they look exactly like the picture .
this does just that and it does it remarkably well . although you cannot switch while in a conversation very easily ( you have to hold the call button until it beeps twice to release the call to the phone mic speaker and then could pick up the call , but have no easy way to switch back ) , it handles the obvious uses well .
well , it seems they have changed the design of the case and the chrome edge is no longer visible .
if i 'm on it and its on the charger it makes the percent go down instead of up
she found the touchstone quite cool .
some apps require a single touch , others require a double touch .
i just got a new razr and i thought that i would have less synching issues if i got a motorola bluetooth ; i was right .
keeps the phone nice and charged up on those long trips .
if you are sensitive to germs and whatnot , or hate using the stylus pens at checkout for whatever reason ( mine being those damned knotted up leashed they stick 'em on .
not everyone likes bluetooth where it 's hard to hear and be heard .
im really about to find another service provider due to this .
would be difficult to fabricate out of metal andstill be flexible enough . i take a small point away for overall width dimension .
bought this has a 3rd spare cable for fiancee , it broke very quickly .
the charger part worked nicely for some time , but the retractable part broke after a while , not very sturdy , but we got great use out of it .
with this being said , overall this battery is a bruiser when it comes to life and simplicity .
new one continues to work but person on the other side cannot hear correctly lots of static like noises even when fully chargedfor the excellent customer service , i should give 5 stars to motorola and 1 ( or 0 ) star to this particular product . update after this , i tried plantronics voyager 510 as a bt earpiece .
it arrived in the condition as describe
for example , if my phone is at 20 , i attach the case and where i would normally only have maybe 30 min of talk time , the mophie gets me 60 minutes , but then the phone dies , even though the mophie power meter says it has juice left .
the storage pouch was also a nice addition and helped with storing and transporting the itorch . i would give this product a 4 . 5 rating , with the 0 . 5 deduction from being a perfect 5 . 0 score being due to having to provide my own iphone charging cable since one was not included due to a license issue , although two were included ( one for android smartphones and the other for a samsung galaxy ) .
the ear piece always pops off when i put the ear hook on .
phone said it was charging but computer was never able to connect .
never have to worry about the cable coming loose , but the cable string to hold it if it does come unplugged on the one end is nice to have . overall length of this adapter is probably somewhere around 3 3 1 2 inches . very happy with this adapter .
once the novelty factor wears off , the sk experience is a rather stressful one . of course , currently no other device not even the treo 600 has the same portable form factor and useable keyboard as the sk ii .
if you 've had an otterbox , it looks like the rest , you 're sacrificing appearance and size for protection .
the flexible neck is a bit stiffer than i would have liked , but maybe it has to be that stiff to hold the phone .
i guess i will rma and see if this one is a dud and the replacment is any better .
this is a very pretty cover and seems to be decent quality for the price .
it 's the worst cell phone i had to date . 1 this phone has 1 to 2 second delay when buttons are pressed . 2 because of slow button key i kept doing and unding key lock unlock several times to actually call anyone . 3 . battery life is only about 48hrs ( standby ) and defintly not 200 some minutes as what this phone 's spec says . 4 . phonebook is pretty messedup .
it 's really small , smaller than a matchbox even .
wow . anyway , these were incredibly easy to apply , not so flimsy that it flopped all over the place when trying to get it on the phone .
2 good things about the jabra sp700 price and the speaker works well for the user . the bad it cuts out on the person on the other end delivering jerky speech and partial words .
the case is one of the best designs i have seen .
i already had a set of tools from replacing my wife 's battery a while back .
the microphone works flawlessly to faithfully relay your voice to the receiving end without little or no distortion or muffles . bluetooth functionthe bluetooth provides rock solid connectivity .
it charges my phone at least twice as fast as the charger that came with it .
whether you buy the ear jack plugs or use the loop on whatever you 're using this strap for , it 's def a good use to make charms to fit on your phone !
it has performed well so far .
it 's the best you can get for this price range .
multiple outlets for multiple devices and i ca n 't believe how long this thing stays on and how fast it charges !
if that happens to you , try trimming the protectors to the exact size of the screen .
this is a cheap way of charging any device that will charge via a regular usb port .
while it is supposed to work in a range of 33 feet , i found that if i merely put the phone on the opposite side of my body , the connection gets fickle .
there are led lights on it to let you know that it is working and how much life is left in the battery pack .
as a result of my puppy having destroyed my original charger , i had to find an affordable replacement charger .
it would fit better if the phone had a sleeve .
i received my order today , it 's the case mate brand with the microfiber cloth , it worked great , i will probably order some more .
it 's easy to throw in a messenger bag to carry with me .
just be aware that other headsets might provide better call quality reception and buttons that are easier to use .
if you 're looking for an average , every day bluetooth stereo headset , this might be okay for you , but it 's definitely not for you if you 're a music lover .
good thing it was a 5 pack .
took until the 2nd charge to get a good charge , but it 's that way with most batterys .
it was brand new and worked perfectly .
a good car charger for your apple product .
for the price and form factor , the imp52d provides a solid , respectable product .
battery life is excellent , fit is excellent , sound quality and mic quality is excellent .
this earpiece is deservedly rated as tops .
works as expected on your car , charges relatively fast ( but obviously slower than a regular wall plug ) and it is much cheaper compared to what you can get on a sprint t mobile at t store selling adapters for your samsung galaxy s phone .
the sellers were great to do business with except that i had to pay for the return shipping twice .
this power cord is a great replacement for the standard dual use cord that comes with your phone .
they are solidly build and beautifully designed .
one thing i will say is my wallet and phone have not fallen from the pad .
the black shade was a little different and then i noticed tones . tones when i would connect , disconnect , etc .
very good very good very good very good very good very good very good v very goode very very good very good very good very good very good very good very good v very goode very goodry good goo very good very good very good very good very good very good very good v very goode very goodry gooddry good
after 2 plantronics ( a 320 and a 330 ) i was tired of earhooks that came loose and dropped calls .
it comes with a charger and a black protective cover that a bit too small , so fighting to get it in the bag can cause you to accidently turn it on .
the connection to the phone is n 't tight and wiggles a lot but it does n 't seem to affect anything .
not sure i like the cord to charge it with .
for my desktop i like it because the cradle is only a foot away from computer and it 's nice not having a 3' long wire with wire ties on it .
i have the same problem with my headset with a similar ear pattern at work .
it came with adhesive that fit right and the screen works in 100 range .
they look good but they will not help you protect your iphone .
the keyboard itself is very durable and has a sturdy feel when you are typing .
i was attracted by the ability to have up to 5 devices share one connection . overall the device will allow up to 5 devices to share the connection .
works great with my razr phone .
does what it 's supposed to do .
if you want your phone to be protected go the extra mile for an outter box
it 's a little bulky , but sturdy and fits well .
it is n 't a huge deal , and something you can get used to , but motorola should have either made the on off button more accessible or cut the bluetooth range down to about 15 feet . overall the best handsfree solution for talking in the car .
works great with my lg showtime phone .
let 's see , i bought the bluetooth headset way back in august and the price on amazon is still $ 12 . 99 . what a bargain !
no matter how much i twist the connection to make it connect , i could n 't use the in line controls .
if this unit looks big in the photo , brace yourself it 's like a bad science fiction rocket ship when it arrives .
i love this headset my first one .
that said , the mic did pic up everything it could .
other otter boxes are big and bulky , but this still provides protection and is much cheaper and cuter !
more and more i 've been using my iphone to listen to music , but the apple headphones were less than great and i 'm terrible about wired stuff .
and it performs as advertised , boosting my usage by double . here 's the down side 1 . heavy .
however , with a small modification , described in the review i posted for it , i have a perfect ( imho ) way to carry the headset when i 'm not using it . finally , this headset works perfectly with an iphone ( either version 3 or 4 ) .
this charger is well constructed and the charge lasts for a long time .
i have never understood why third party vendors have offered cases for the iphone 3g and 3gs which look like they were designed by an ad hoc committee at the lenin tankworks in minsk . here we have an exception .
while it will charge , it simply wo n 't connect to the computer via usb .
powering the device on and off requires holding the button down for a certain period of time but the problem is that the time required seems to change each time you do it .
it is sufficiently thick and elastic to cushion a fall without making the phone much bigger .
i would recommend if you do n 't mind chunky and flashy cases . 3gs cases are getting really hard to find , so get it while you can .
the price is unbeatable and the product works like advertised
it 's not going to work for your galaxy siii etc . , those smart phones all use micro usb .
i 've been using the previous model stl for the past year . the newer st3 is almost better better in everyway . pros 1 turns off when you leave , and back on when you get back in car . ( older stl had to be manually turned on ) 2 text to voice is just okay .
and finally , finger prints do not show up as readily as they do when there is no cover . nice screen cover .
i ran over my last bluetooth which was also plantronics , a 360 if i remember correctly .
i did n 't know this when i got it , but if the garmin is plugged in and not using battery power , it automatically turns on when the car is turned on ( that 's what i get for not reading the instruction manual , lol ) . to have a cleaner appearance in the car , i have the mini usb plugged into the ball mount that is holding the gps and not plugged into the gps itself .
the clip is very tight and should keep the cover on your belt .
it works well and seems to have good protection so that you can start your car with it plugged in without frying your phone or the charger itself . the motorola logo on the end of it lights up when it 's plugged in , which looks very cool especially at night .
i have had two previous versions of this speck case , and this one has got to be the ugliest and strongest .
it seemed to protect the phone while it was on , but i was also a little difficult to try and take off once the case was on the phone .
i will say that the screen protectors arrived before promised and in great condition .
but soon my excitement turned into suspicion , then surprise and finally angry ( suspicion ) the box felted a bit light ( surprise ) the seal on the box was broken ( angry ) no phone inside the box ! ! ! it has the manual and the wall charger but the phone .
they have a voip adapter . so maybe not perfect , but this is way beyond all the other handsfree wired headsets i have used , and it is n 't that expensive for what it does .
it actually fits the iphone with a slim protector skin on it . it 's soft leather in the outside but very durable and super soft leather inside to pamper your phone . working in sales i reached for my phone several dozen times a day and the magnetic closure comes in really handy . it keeps the phone at easy reach , it 's unobstructive and it looks and feels good !
it also expands large enough that larger phone like the note 2 or note 3 should fit in it no problem .
laser pointer is fun to mess with the cat with but the pack itself is too bulky to be used as a dedicated laser for meetings , etc .
i have the new verizon blackberry storm ii ( 9550 ) and this case fits my phone perfectly .
it protects the phone and that is all i really care about .
i 'd imagine that if you could find a charger with the same amperage output ( not just the same voltage ) , it would also work .
i 've had 5 bluetooth headsets so far .
it works like it 's suppose to !
great sound and quality and everything .
it does not even feel like a regular ipod cable .
it does n 't pass power or signal through to my iphone 4s .
the only negative comment i have is that the bottom tensioner will not support anything wider than the standard iphone dock plug .
the iphone 3gs is a good fit ( not too loose , not too tight ) . my phone has no other cover on top of it .
if you want something more permanent , then go with invisible shield or best skins ever .
these headphones work great , are easy to use , very comfortable to wear , sound great and the bluetooth sounds good to me and my callers give it great reviews as well .
it is very invasive to have a actual ear bud !
the lights are on , the phone says its charging but nothing happens .
my biggest annoyance is that you have to pump the release button like 1 million times to get the brackets to expand .
however , after one too many drops and having my hard case open up and come apart , i decided to make the jump to silicone . i love this case .
my wife also found it fits perfectly in a lipstick case , which keeps it from rolling around and is easy to spot so we can always find it quickly in the car .
i am trying to modify mine by rewiring it with a boom mic from an . . . headset , but so far i have not gotten it to work .
much nicer than my razr v3 that i returned 3 times because of the high pitched whining noise . . .
it charges the way it 's supposed to .
it synched up immediately with my cell phone and i suspect it will do the same when this phone is replaced in 2009 . the manual was easy to read and understand and i had no difficulty placing the earpiece into the lovely leather carrying case charger or removing it to use .
fortunately , the inner shell was hard so my iphone did not break .
what sets this device apart is the ability to charge three devices at once .
so far so good . given the price point , it is pretty decent even with all the cons ( noise leak , flimsy construction , not all control function working which is iphone 's fault ) . i say if you do n 't mind the non ear bud style then give this pair a try .
find a program from another source .
this is my first bluetooth earpiece and i 'm happy with it ! some calls have slight distortion , but since other calls are crystal clear , i have to believe its the cellphone connection and not the earpiece .
the actual security system , on the other hand , is n 't as easy to set up as the manufacturer claims .
but , then again , the price is right and it works ! the wall charger works well .
does exactly what its supposed to , it charges things .
the static is real even the phone is only inches away from the unit .
compact easy to store , seems to be good quality .
the band also goes behind the ears and presses into the back of my ears and is very uncomfortable .
it does not do a very good job at removing the background noise . friends that have this headset also have complained about its feel and performance .
the charger arrived early and worked fine .
this is really a great holster for the iphone .
plus , the indicator light is just visible so you can see it when the phone is in the pouch .
i bought the blueant st3 after reading many good reviews .
the cable can be fully or partially extended , leaving less wire to tempt kitty .
although the style is cool with a blue light up and is very cheap . . .
i work in finance and many of my annotations need numbers and symbols , like 10 for example .
then i looked at the model number on the cable and it was the one i ordered .
the iphone is such a nice compact device and covering it in the giant shell makes no sense to me .
and when connected to the comp it doesnt activate the mass storage option on the phone .
easy access , works well and very inexpensive .
the screen is excellent . motorola missed big time on this one , not including motorola phone tools and a usb cable in the purchase now how cheap is that .
its bulky so it protects but makes the phone too big .
pros fairly easy to set up ; pairing is pretty easy .
they must designed the power pins anyway they felt like , because a mini usb power charger is not universal .
the design is good , and the adapter goes sideways when plugged into an outlet .
i definitely saw the need for a stylus for my iphone because my fingers sometimes hit the wrong letters and it takes more time to edit the text than it used to with the sidekick .
overall a great performer and a decent design .
i have to say that this phone seems a bit on the expensive side especially for a phone with no built in speaker or mic . overall , i would recommend this product .
it was $ 30 at best buy .
it has a belt clip and belt loops for a more secure feeling .
thank goodness for whatever committee decided to standardize on the micro usb connector for power on so many portable devices .
some of the previous generation battery packs had cooling vents but this one appears to not need them .
this was ok , people heard me ok , but the piece kept slipping off my ear .
these are good if you want music headset that you can answer a phone call if you have to .
definitely recommend . in addition to the dell venue pro i can confirm that this charges the lumia 900 , lumia 520 , lumia 928 , and my current lumia 1020 . i 'm still using this charger several years later .
after putting the universal cell phone antenna booster on the inside of my batter cover i set my phone in the exact same spot for 10 minutes and it read 83 dbm ( closer the number to zero the better the reception ) . so i guess it works a little bit .
if you have a case that 's thick around the ports , this is the solution the nice thin connectors , work with bigger cases .
any noise at all will be picked up and sent to the other person . the battery life of the h710 is good , and the headset does turn on and off easily .
this is a nice option if you just want a hard case and not the clip .
very balanced and hard to lose while working out .
at first , this cable did what it said .
the text describes and the pictures show items not actually included in the package .
simply go to the motorola support page , register your product and then give them a call . hope this helps .
i even got to test out the protection the otterbox provides . the belt vlip is completey useless .
when i hang up , the phone and car switch straight back to the music .
if you read the directions it takes about 15 20 minutes to install .
i received apple phone holder thank you bargaincell for having this item i really needed i put on my car and is hands off my phone .
still has batter life after charging the iphone which sucks for battery life .
it also has a laser pointer on it .
for example , they say the blackberry curve will work with it . . . but there are models of curve that do n 't .
also , i am able to hear the caller well . in researching buetooth headsets , i opted for this one based on the performance review and price point .
while in large part this unit does what it says , it misses in one important area . the noise assassin feature does not produce the dramatic reduction in noise that their marketing will have you believe .
light weight and simple to use .
i settled on the plantronics voyager 520 because of the good reviews and the good value it represented for me .
this charger is great , it works well and charges pretty quickly .
it comes with the belt clip so you can carry in on your belt it snaps in an out with ease .
works plugged into your pc or to your usb charger .
nearly 10 years later , this t mobile mda still works .
therefore you 'll still end up with scratches all around the front chrome part . perhaps the biggest flaw with this case is that it is too delicate flimsy fragile .
pull it all the way out and it stretches from the dash board to your ear .
i really ca n 't stand this headset for frequent use , simply because the fit is terrible .
the sound was great , but the headphones were poorly constructed and they broke .
works fine to charge my 4s or pad 2 . bulky and not very aesthetic , but ca n 't expect anything different for the price .
the fit is perfect and they come with two different sizes in case you need to adjust the earbud fit .
it gives the phone a good look .
make sure you buy from a reputable source . the phone has lots of quirky limitations , and you have to be creative to use an address book that can only display six text characters at a time , especially if you are using a sim card from a more advanced phone . my only complaint is that i could n 't figure out a way to edit existing address book entries .
this charger is a pretty good product for the price .
i mean , who would sell a product , designed to fit on the ear , and be held in place with a flimsy piece of plastic ?
they are performing as i would expect a sennheiser product to perform .
not many htc one battery cases for sale and this one is pretty good for the price .
so far i really like the bluetooth device .
this is a decent charger for your ipod .
it has only fell out of my ear once .
i much prefer gliding my finger directly over the iphone screen but you eventually get used to the feel of the plastic protector .
i first purchased this from the oem shop and received a unit with a faulty usb cable .
it works like advertised , it arrived fast and was in new condition .
i have had nothing but love for my phones , i am not a person who has to be tether to the interanet 27 7 , i love the key pad and love that it is unlocked , screw you cincinnati bell with your high cell phone costs
but it always goes back to it 's original form
this does n 't happen if charging the phone through the usb port . closing words , the bold should ship with the charging pod in the box , or a rebate coupon to get it free .
this lets me work from my home office without yelling at everyone , the noise cancelling features work as advertised .
i bought a cheaper model from sony earlier , but really wanted to experience the best bluetooth headphones sony makes .
the charger did come in and does charge my mp3 players like it 's supposed to .
and worst of all , unless the phone is about 2 ft away from the headset , it will not stay connected .
this is a nice looking case , the only problem i had with this was that the inside is not painted , looks like they tried using just enough paint on the outside to make it look good .
felt strong and not feeble even for its size .
you can download a webpage , check email and chat on aim all at the same time , unlike on the palm , which will interrupt the process if you leave the application .
i do n 't like overwhelming bass but if your ear buds cannot produce any decent low end bass notes then you 're really not hearing all of your music . i 've yet to hear a better iphone hands free set but i 'm still looking .
this is a problem because at $ 7 . 50 a pop , it adds up over time .
the sound quality was surprisinglky good , with many instruments coming through that i usually do n 't hear with inexpensive headphones .
this protector actually appears to keep those fingerprints off , giving me a clear view when watching videos .
personally , i found this tool to work much better ! i was a bit surprised to find that three tools were included in the shipment instead of the one described .
it 's plastic but you could swear it 's a metallic alloy .
works perfectly , sometimes on amazon the seller will say an item is oem and it usually is not .
my wife and i each have one of these headsets , and they are both identical with the low volume output issue .
unfortunately , that does not include my canon a630 powershot . while the wrap stretches , it would require three strong men to stretch it around my canon .
i personally do n 't have an issue with the glowing blue light , but others might , especially when driving at night .
all you need are 2 aa batteries , and the appropriate tip ( note the tip is not included , so you need to purchase the tip that 's appropriate to your item to use it ) . two aa batteries ( energizer with mine ) are included .
bought it for my bb curve 8530 . great charger tip
i rock them from sun up to sun down because the battery life standby time is super !
i bought this but the buttons were a bit too firm for my liking and got a different make model gel case version .
this does look like a nice quality piece , if it works . . .
not a lot , certainly compared to other cases , but definitely more than the standard slim fit .
it has enough capacity to fully charge 2 3 phones from 10 15 , which are typically the captivate , an iphone 3gs , and the bb plus my bt earpiece .
the belt clip is really flimsy .
there are chargers that claim to be 3 amps and such too but most phones only use 1 amp max anyway so for 6 bucks , this is unbeatable .
the first arrived doa , never worked .
otherwise , it was exactly as described and works fine !
the full price model also comes with a set of small and large earbuds ( the medium bud fits my ear just fine , as i expect it will most people ) . i listened to a voicemail i 'd left while a horse was walking directly in front of me , and about 1 second after i 'd started speaking , the clip clop almost completely cut out .
for the price amazon sells them , you can order five of them and select free super saver shipping and it 'll still be cheaper than going to a big box store or one of the carriers retail outlets where it 'll cost you $ 30 for the same unit or anything comparable .
i tried all the different sized of ear inserts and have to say that there needs to be a few more sizes fractionally smaller or larger than what is now .
finally i formatted the memory card that erased all the preloaded junk on it .
i love not having the constant replugging . . .
i also like the fact that it has a charging de charging indicator and has the bonus of having a laser pointer and led flashlight .
worked fine , except that the vibrate feature wo n 't work .
item delivered on time , was as described .
instead of buying an oem charger that is only designed to work with my phone , i decided getting a universal usb charging port was the way to go .
it 's very tiny and it works great .
the charger does charge the phone so it gets a couple stars for that .
phones such as the blackberry 8900 use micro usb and thus ca n 't be used . there is no iphone set adapter available until spring 2010 . the clips bulk up your phone a little too much for me . the better alternative instead of the clips are the sleeves you can buy for specific models .
the call quality was great on both ends ( however wind or car a c caused people on the other end to have lower quality ) . i only charged it twice day one and one week later .
it arrived on time and in great shape .
i have n 't used these screen protectors for screens of any electronic devices so i ca n 't review how it performs on phones , ipods , camera diplays , etc .
only need to bring one charger on trips .
item is as described as of 12 2010 . no where does it say it is bulk packaging or retail packaging .
just needs a bit of a push .
however , they are charging the phones just fine .
portability is way better than the sony srsbtm30 ( a possible alternative ) , and rated battery life is also better .
i ordered this to replace my iphone battery , i am a deployed soldier and now i have become the cell phone technition
if you want a basic headset that does about the same as those expensive ones , and you want the security of just changing a battery , this is the headset for you .
the good side of it are a . ) it has a tiny cleaning cloth ; and b . ) 100 exactly the same size of bb screen .
i bought a class 1 bluetooth adapter hoping that it would help , but i 'm still limited to two walls indoors and about 100ft outdoors .
light is pleasantly subtle . truly from motorola .
i have had this headset for several months now , and not liking much about this headset other than its long battery life .
do n 't apply the protector all at once , smooth out a small surface area with the soft cloth as you apply a small section at a time .
i also like that it put 's out enough power to charge my phone while at the same time using the phone to stream music in my car .
very happy with it so far as the flashlight is a more useful feature than the lazer , i 'd prefer that the initial short click turned on the light instead .
puzzled , i cleaned the screen again , and the dragging sensation went away , then came back .
each screen protector is packed separately with its own lint cloth , which i did not expect at this low price level i saw similar protectors for sale at the cell phone store for $ 30 ! it 's amazing how much amazon saves you . as expected , it transforms my iphone 3g to a big mirror when not in use .
just unplug plug in again .
for example , when i squeeze this into and out of my leather holster ( dlo ) , it feels like the case may not be strong enough to stand up to this day in and day out .
if you touch the blackberry or try to use it while in the cradle , it will move on and off the contacts .
i decided to get a wired headset to keep in my briefcase because , despite being very technically literate , i 'm still leary about something emitting radio waves stuck in my ear all day .
like in the car driving somewhere as the phone sits in a drink cup holder .
this battery did not work as well as the other i ordered .
i bought a used iphone with an otterbox and clip .
it 's ease and peace of mind to know my equipment is well protected .
no breakage or swollen plastic so far .
i never had a bluetooth before .
caller id is nice to have .
i bought this nokia e71 for straight talk service .
if you are charging with a mini usb no need to carry a cable . cons probably a function of the capacity and need to stow cables but would like it to be a little thinner .
problem is the up volume button stopped functioning .
this corrected what i consider a design flaw in the motorola dock .
this is a great lcd screen protector for the iphone 2g ( 1st gen . ) i am very happy with this . alan reiley . . .
the digitizer ribbon snap is the wrong size ( too big ) and will not stay attatched .
also when u walk 5m away and when te phone is separated by a partition , the voice crackles .
it fits on the phone perfectly prevents your phone from breaking and or having the screen messed up .
i wished there was some sort of cushion like rubber to protect it but i understand that rubber is an insulator and that may cause the battery to overheat .
and the headset 's battery last about 4 days . i recommend this one to all who is looking for a quality headset .
i replaced the phone on warranty on another issue , and discovered that the new phone charged just fine in this pod .
dropped my phone once and it gave cushion to the fall .
the phone thinks it 's still connected to the speaker phone , it will show that it 's not connected to any bluetooth devise but keeps the phone mic and speaker on mute until bluetooth is turned off .
slick little stand sits in my ktichen next to the door .
i did get the product within the time adviced , it will charge up my phone and it has a cool blue look .
you really ca n 't beat it for a beautiful , aesthetic , minimalist case that still maintains the beauty of the phone while offering some protection .
the third one is in a drawer and it does work fine , but it emits an audible whine when plugged in .
the picture provided makes it look like it holds quite a few cards , when i would say 2 is the max .
plugged it in and did not work .
so i could probably get close to another full charge of the razr before needing to recharge this unit .
the i pad really uses a lot of battery and seems to have alarge capacity so the itorch is not enough for a complete charge .
i have a big head , and even for me , the earphone has a loose fitting .
the toughskin is perfect for him .
very light , fits in the ear well and after a couple of days i almost forgot i have it on .
i really like these protectors ; they 're easy to install , and once in place they are quite transparent and seem to protect well .
it allows access to all of the phone 's functionality without restriction .
first of all , when i ordered this item the image showed it was white not black .
so i thought to spend 2 dollars for this cable .
easier than a usb plug , no .
i love these headphones for the gym or working outside . . .
seems to be working well so far .
and , with its own power supply , it 's not draining power from my laptop .
also this case is great because when the phone is turned screen side down the screen does not actually hit the surface because the case lip extends past , a feature which i like .
it was perfect size and shape .
i bought a n1 pouch a little while ago because i thought it might be the same quality and a good size for my phones .
the edge snapped off on the first attempted use .
you need to plug something into the power source on your device , then magnetically connect another thing to that which connects with the grid .
there is a mini din connector on the back side of this device .
bought h500 and was defective , motorola replaced extremely quickly , must of been out out h5oo cause they sent me the h710 . was very easy to set up with my t mobile dash .
i love how freely this glides over my tablet 's screen .
it also comes with an extension cable if you need a little extra length to reach something .
this cord works fine except it will not work plug into the computer and it gets tangle a lot other wise it works good
the case and the earpiece can also charge separately , and both ac and usb cables are included . i 've avoided these because ( a ) no bt cellphone and ( b ) convinced they look stupid , all brands , on all people .
this is one of the best headsets ive ever owned . . you have to get jabra eargels with it . . i shook my head harder than i should have and it stayed snug .
i sold my discovery 650 and upgraded to the 655 because i thought the dsp would cut the noise in the car .
and can just switch to landscape then no problem . 29 . 00 is great price and well worth it for a case of this caliber . . . fits my iphone 3gs perfectly . i also have zagg invisi shield on and touch response is still very good almost unnoticeable difference .
the screw drivers work and are slightly magnetized .
the other item i purchased was strong enough to hold with the metal piece even under the case .
it 's very small form factor and extra large capacity ( 5200mah ) allowed me to fit it in my pocket along with my phone while charging , and kept me fully charged throughout the whole day .
after reading and following the instructions , i installed the zagg protective shield .
it is hard to pull out the stand and it is a tad tight to take off of the phone , otherwise this is perfect for protecting your phone and the black color goes well with my phone .
there is a real dearth in the market for a decent stylus pen for the ipad .
got a completely free one shipping paid for both ways .
plug it in , stick it high on the wall above you , tape a post it on phone when lit and you 're done . nobody 's bothered me since !
if wind is not an issue for you ( ie .
when a call comes in simply hit answer on the phone and the call comes through the headset .
this data cable allowed me to access my nokia 6085 ( black ) phone 's memory and firmware update using nokia suite , it does what it is designed for . pros ( ) cheapcons ( ) may not last for multiple uses as the port connector on the cable may eventually break over time . notes ( * ) do not use the driver cd that comes with the product
the magnetic strip works perfectly and the strap and lens flash are perfectly placed .
gps navigation on , a couple of hours .
the pouch part is also made ruggedly .
just remember you need a2dp software for your phone to get the full effect of these headphones .
i needed a new screwdriver set to work on laptops with , as most of my old ones have mysteriously disappeared .
the product works fine and for the money is a good deal , however , the plastic faceplate on mine fell off ( a little scotch tape did the trick ) and it would be easier to use if it had a backlight .
it lasted 5 months and then the cable started to tear at the end , where the connection is that goes into the cell phone .
i do n 't know the final verdict on whether or not magnets affect the iphone .
the earbud covers you get two different ones ( one set of one , two of the other . ) the traditional , round , style have better sound but fill with sweat when working out .
it has the motorola original product sticker . . . plus you could tell it was well made . i highly recommend this item .
i ordered this case from amazom through cellular gcp and had it in three days .
had been working great , then suddenly i could hardly hear music through the left ear . . then not at all .
this headset is a replacement for a logitec i had used for years .
compared to the other bluetooth headsets that i have ( samsung wep200 , motorola h375 ) i would say it pairs slower than the others and has similar overall sound quality .
i never dropped it once and the bottom half broke within a few months . 3 . as others have noted , the texturing on the back comes loose in time and it developed little bubbles on the back after a few weeks where the adhesive had given way . i paid less than $ 20 for the case , and for that price i ca n 't complain much .
the cool thing about the cord is that you use it recharge the itorch and then flip it and use the same cord to charge the phone bluetooth .
product feels cheaply made , like the wire will snap at any moment , and above all , it does not work if you need all 4 channels .
it 's shiny which is pretty but that makes it a fingerprint magnet .
not nearly the long lasting scratch resistance i was looking for when i switched to the hard case .
it 's * just * a bit too long .
it worked great and continues to function in the phone and charge as expected .
even if you squeeze the insert pins , it just does not fit .
they do n 't fit your ear , they echo , callers ca n 't undertand you , the battery dies too quickly . . .
i must have called verizon ten times in four months , nagging them to offer the treo 650 on their network .
i have to take the headset off to access the switch .
not much to say about a car charger but it does its job when my phone died charges it pretty quickly
this works just fine for them all !
it came with a 15 day return guarantee if i found it was n 't as described .
paired them with my computer and ancient bluetooth adapter .
i had this headset up and running with in minutes .
my old earphone almost seems to exaggerate the background noise . i use the foam ear piece and it is very comfortable and stays in place .
what it means is a slightly longer charging time for the battery .
however , i think gramps understands the basics of fitting things into things .
i wish they sold one with a red light as well , it would also be nice to add a secondary usb port instead of the light .
i get no mention of wind noise or any background noise from callers .
the entire case is so tight you can hardly fit your cards in ( i only want 3 cards and my drivers license .
i have two of these moto chargers with no problems after more than year .
sound quality is great , the headset can be a little uncomfortable after wearing for 8 hours , but then again , wearing anything for 8 hours can get uncomfortable . having a dial pad makes it much easier to make and answer calls .
these are great pens my other one finally was coming on done at the tip so i purchase 2 more pens
at these prices it makes it less expensive .
the deliver was ontime . what arrived was a really cheap plastic pod and adapters that at most should not cost more than $ 2 bucks each . . .
the motorola is just a bit bigger than most chargers , but the glowy blue circle is easy to grip and does n 't get in the way of my gearshift , which is actually a pretty important thing to know when you drive a stick . i 've noticed it charges my samsung galaxy siii fairly quickly with it below 20 i might but close to the top in an hour or so .
like the mail man folded it , laid in on the street , backed up right on top of it , and proceeded to power brake and burn out on top of it .
pairing was simple and the blue light is not annoying .
the car charger did not fit my curve 8530 and neither did the face cover .
you may find it difficult to attach to your belt at the beginning but you will get used to it quickly .
i felt like at most it should 've been like . 79 to . 99 cents , i mean , it was roughly the size and weight of an envelope stamp .
very handy , no cables to get in the way , no problems pairing to any of my devices .
i get this cables all the time , cheaper than apple cables they do the tricki have one in the office at work , the computer room at hm in the car
wow , how did i miss these blackberry premium headsets after all these years .
not much more to say except that it needs to be said to satisfy the wordcount .
i recomend it to anyone w a 3 3g phone ! ! ! !
it 's light weight and after a few minutes i forget i have it on . the cord for the wall charger seems awfully short ; i would rather not leave the headset on the floor while charging .
it 's small so it does n 't stick out and the light is not so bright that all you see while driving at night it a blue flashing light .
just had to chime in here with my frustration with this adapter and my unlocked e71 ( gave the product a 5 star rating because it is not its fault it did n 't work with my phone ) . it 's bad enough that the e71 has a 2 . 5mm headphone jack vs .
can use with screen facing in or out depending upon use . as belt clip rotates can install upside down and phone falls out . no stand .
does a great job protecting her blackberry .
i wanted one at the office , home and a travel case .
it 's just not worth the charging times . although i do not recommend the itorch for a tablet , it is a sleek minimalistic backup battery that is perfect for phones .
at least 3 4 days of idle and 4 5 hours of talk time .
samsung has always made high quality products and this is no different .
because of the way it bowed , the touch screen would not work properly .
everyone i call indicates that i sound muffled , and callers typically ask me to discontinue the use of the headset .
which brings me to the case mate vroom .
i guess they will be useful in daily life , but . . . 1 . 5200mah capability is good . ( one iphone and extra device . . but not full 2 devices at one time ) 2 . holding phone and this item . . is not comfortable . ( not recommeded things thoud ) 3 . and compared to other 5200 mah batter pack , i think this does not have full competency .
this headset fit great in my ear , its look is very cool , but a few flaws 1 . volume buttons are not easy to reach once the unit is fitted in your ear . 2 . using it in windy conditions may get you in an uncomfortable conversation ( hello ? . . .
well made charger that supports charging will using the phone ( gps navigation , etc ) . this phone is also compatible with the samsung vibrant ( galaxy s series phones ) great price !
for everyday use , she 'd rather have her iphone handy in her pocket .
the original however past its recharge cycle it still provides power but only for an hour or two less . rereading other reviews as always different sellers difference in quality of this item .
so for the normal person that is use to the standard ipod ear buds they are going to sound great .
i would recommend this case to someone who needs a minimal case with little protection for phone .
not only that , but sparks were coming out of it !
although this phone does not like macs , it is a good windows device which requires occasional reset .
so this product for me though cute , is average in fuction .
the only thing i miss is the over the ear piece .
the plug into the phone became wobbly within my htc incredible so the phone only recognized it some of the time .
nice simple case that fits well .
appears to be same as stock battery , no issues charging .
but i put one in my wifes bmw 335 ci convertible and it makes a horrible background noise .
is much clunkier than my last plantronics ( 330 ) . my phone knows it 's there but is often very slow to transfer over to the headset . overall , i am disappointed with the headset other than the range between it the phone , it 's is not as good as the plantronics 330 .
i plug and charged and it charged my phone fast just like before .
the skin is completely functional and has survived a number of removals over a month ( for charging in a nokia base purchased on amazon ) without losing either firmness or shape .
none came close to the look and quality of this case .
it stays on the ear well but is not uncomfortable . cons the unit looks okay but is less attractive than some of the other high tech units on the market . 3 of my co workers have commented that it looks like i am wearing a phallic symbol on my ear , which is really not the look i would like to achieve .
also after 4 months i needed a new magic pad so customer service sent me two !
my old car charger ( for a blackberry ) got very hot and i had to unplug it when not in use .
the only give these nice holsters out with the blackberry that is 100 more than the pearl . bottom line , looks good and fits perfect and great price .
i would have tried the jabra ear gels that others have recommended except for one other issue . i use a headset as an occasional device , but this seems to be designed to be worn at all times .
and if you wear glasses or sunglasses , version 1 was the worst .
i thought this item was a good idea as it gives you the opportunity to mount your phone closer to the seat instead of up on the windshield .
some may want to check into the femtocells as well .
it is easily plugged in and i do not need to fuss with the fit .
it feels well made and has a beautiful quality generously proportioned screen ; a definite plus for folks who like games on their cells .
cable looks perfect and a great price .
i can always hear , and my coworkers were shocked to hear i was on a bluetooth .
installation is a five second process on an lg dare .
i had the worry that the headset would not work with my samsungt619 , since the latter is not on the compatibility list .
it does not rattle when i drive over bumps .
sometimes powering it down repeatedly would bring it back to life , but without a screen , it 's very difficult to operate .
these headphones have become my daily drivers i do mean daily !
if your looking for a practical headset , this is the one .
the led on the back stays lit at all times , and while great to find the pod at night without turning on the lights , perhaps it should turn off once the phone sits in it . unfortunately , there are a few pesky bugs in the os that this pod uncovers .
it has two adjustments that let you account for pretty much windshield angle and still get your phone oriented the way you like it .
returned it , it looks like and old huge star track headset ! out dated large and tacky draws attention thuggish looking . i did n 't realize it was soo gaudy looking its huge the only reason i gave it 1 stars is it does work but i would not wear it to work or in public . . . .
i plug it in to charge when i go to sleep and it is fully charged by the time i wake up , using just a 1 amp charger brick .
i was excited to try something new with a non rubber tip , but found out quickly that it is n 't as sturdy as advertised .
has it improved with the use of this device ?
objective review of the item reveals poor quality as regards the fitting of the item on the phone , does not sit well and it makes the phone twice as thick . i suppose if you want to bling up the phone it serves its purpose and i think will protect the phone ( should do for the amount of extra material around it ) . it 's 3 5 .
the nylon zipper blew out and so the case is basically useless .
i still like it though because it only cost $ 3 . with shipping $ 7 to your door .
when i put it in the on position , it turned off .
you do n 't need to keep the stand on it . i also like the one port in the front for when i need to plug in a usb drive .
it paired easily with my phone and with the different ear cushions , you can have one custom for your ear canal . while i found it to fit easily onto my ear and hold well , my boyfriend who has his ears more flat against his head had a hard time hooking it on his ear and having it stay there without much adjustment needed .
the headset itself is nice ; but , in my opinion , that should be expected from plantronics . here are the things i like about the phone 1 ) good wireless sound quality .
popped it in my unlocked cell phone and was able to activate it online for the at t gophone .
it 's a bit overpriced for what it is , but not too bad of a value .
great price ( around $ 5 ) and it works ( htc incredible ) . i would recommend this item .
works well , keeps things charged , but the car charger gets too hot at times , and i am afraid will damage my phone .
the cable material is different . . .
this was my first bluetooth headset and i have used for more than 8 months now .
fits phone well , would be nice if the power button was a little more accessible .
i find that the sound itself is excellent far superior to any other bluetooth headset i 've used .
one minor flaw is that you have to be quite careful with the hard case snaps ( slotted slip overs ) . they are easy to break .
i picked this up from the seller sf planet .
i initially went with the samsung because i trusted the name brand .
it fits well and certainly keeps the iphone safe when dropped .
this works great she absolutely loves it !
when i saw the case in black yellow , i knew i just had to have it .
yes , might not matter to many , but it 's one of the things that attracted me to the phone . plantronics has a good reputation .
it 's a little short but its my spare charger for work .
i also havent found how to put it on the left ear yet , i feel like i am going to break it if i try to pull the ear loop off . i would recommend spending another $ 40 and buying the jawbone bluetooth .
like the led and the fact that it 's a name brand .
the sound quality was as good as the phone internal speaker . * battery i never ran it down but charged it each day .
i have a tiny ear and i just put the smaller piece on and it fit like a glove .
that same less than 1mm thickness of the case is what separates your screen from the surface it 's resting on , which is n 't much .
my screen still seems to respond best to light finger touch .
this was key for me . the cellphone reception is excellent .
i have sampled external battery options for use with my iphones , and this one is the best yet because of the capacity and power in this package .
recently i added the dual band directional antenna and our signal strength on both of our iphone4 's is maxed out at 5 bars throughout most of the house .
can i also use the overused awesome ! ! ? ? they have long battery life , and with my ipod touch , i can use my 3g for a roving internet connection , and take my wireless rig anywhere , and listen to streaming content , my music library , etc .
i needed a car charger so i bought this and it does the job fast !
yes , seido will ship a replacement for free .
though it can sometimes be a little slow to register calls as i have received complaints that it takes me too long to answer the phone . overall , i like the idea of bluetooth but i have n 't found a great headset yet .
it will not charge my htc evo 4g to 100 , but gets it close enough .
does seem to pick up wind noise a bit ( okay with the window down in the car , which might not be a fair test ) this does n 't fit into the ear as much as it sit on the ear which i prefer as it 's more comfortable and does not 34 ; block 34 ; the one ear from hearing outside sounds like other headsets i 've used .
friends tell me when i am using this headset with my apple iphone that i sound like a robot sometimes with the weird background static noise that it creates . the earbuds are comfortable but it lacks a clip near the microphone to attach it to your shirt sweater jacket whatever .
they have more bass and sound pretty good for the price .
if you would like your headset to be standing up all nice and pretty than buy this stand , if not save your money any purchase an additional charger for your headset .
this revolutionary headset has attributed to me setting aside my mp3 player .
it 's not too bulky but has great durability .
it will charge iphone fully 2 3 times and will allow multiple days use without power being available .
the on off button is small but who cares ?
they should of sent a poet .
i bought a expensive outter case before get this one and i was surprised because this one feels better for my galaxy note .
the fold out stand is flimsy and the clip it self snaps off causing the phone to drop to the floor .
the plastic piece covering the control buttons seemed very cheap also , and i think it would be a matter of time before that broke as well .
from what i see , cell phone use while driving is becoming a serious problem , i wish i could afford to buy every driver one of these .
this is the best car charger that i 've ever used .
i 'm not sure of the use of this product when using it for the headset it does n 't stay in very well it tends to fallout when walking or running this product must be for storing the device only
thankfully did n 't damage the phone , which displays the htc one 's superior build quality as it was dropped on hard ceramic tile from 36 counter height .
it 's difficult for me to find a comfortable headset and before i bought this motorola , i was using the plantronics voyager 510 . the sound quality of the plantronics was quite good compared to many wasted dollars headsets i 've owned in the past , but the bulkiness of the over the ear arm caused the voyager to keep falling off my ear while i 'm on a call .
good decent battery life . decent looksfits somewhat comfortably bad you 'll sound great to the person you 're speaking with .
i drive a very noisy construction van so background noise is a serious problem .
the charger works great , does what it says .
otherwise a beautiful marriage between the svelte iphone 5s and elegant holster .
also , sometimes it picks up hands free but sometimes i have to manually press the green connect button on the unit .
charges crazy fast , at least twice as fast as my regular charger .
having a metal exterior on my home , i 'm wary of mounting this on the roof without proper protection . is it better than nothing ?
the purple was not what i expected from the pictures on speck 's site .
i would not buy this color again .
do n 't blame the headset if you purchase it for the wrong device ! it supports all current bluetooth standards .
previous reviewers have described the feel as silky which is exactly right , it almost feels like an expensive leather case , but , because its molded plastic , the thin sides along the display stay firmly in place and do not 'give' at all . overall5 out of 5 i know that i dinged it for the fit , but the price and the overall quality far outweigh this small imperfection .
i really love the folding mic and the smooth body when carrying it in my pocket .
i just wish there was a plug i for my iphone .
fits a usa passport nicely , but might not fit other countries' passports .
they are so inexpensive but so durable and nice looking . verizon and all the other cell places should be ashamed of themselves for the pricesthey charge for similar items .
the only setting that works is just charge ! each of the 3 cables fails slightly differently which makes me believe that each has a different flaw !
i feel like one of those earth documentary directors shooting nature scenes in perfect quality .
unfortunately , that blinking light irritates the crap out of me when i 'm trying to sleep .
it makes my blackberry phone sounds great .
i 've used it in the office on my cellphone ( handsfree allows me to type and talk with no wires ) i use it in the car and it gives me great movement without wires .
i put my phone on the charger when i am home and can answer the wired phones .
wanted a different color than black and i love it .
the sound quality is great , and the ability to mute the mic is the main reason i bought this .
so hopefully they go mass production with that . sound quality is great !
i 've had these earbuds for over 2 years .
yes , the closer the device is to the recieving antenna the better .
get opera browser if your phone does not come with it since the wap browser will only frustrate you ( opera has problems on this phone , but works most of the time ) . t mobile programmed the backlight in the display to turn off after a few seconds , although nokia made it adjustable , and t mobile wo n 't fix it .
i was able to plug this battery up to the bluetooth and sit at the dining room table and set the bluetooth up with one of the many adapters that are included in the kit .
it 's got the same stamping and factory label like all samsung products .
* * using this with the iphone 3g * * this is my second plantronics headset and i 'm very impressed .
the skin covers only the front , which is what i wanted .
my problem with dropped calls has plummeted to almost nothing because i now position my phone in a decent area and talk wherever with this plantronics bt . this is an ugly headset compared to others , but it works !
i have two of these and they work great .
but it offers protection from dropping .
you get what you pay for . .
i do n 't know if the problem is pre related , the pre 's bluetooth stack has a lot of deficiencies , or if these are just lousy headphones .
excellent battery charger for the curve and you will almost always have a fresh battery ready to use wen needed !
ok , i am weird , but blue lights on anything make me happy .
if there is even the slightest background noise , they sound the same .
it does n 't have any kind of mechanism for adjustment , so here 's hoping it fits your ear .
it 's a bit hard to make the earbud stay in my ear , and forget about jogging wearing this .
on average i can charge my iphone 4s four times ( usually at around 20 battery life ) . they advertise this to charge mostly cell phones , but it can basically charge anything with a usb attachment .
it works in the car and at home .
i broke two of the thin ones off trying to get the housing free from the digitizer .
it does have both a belt clip and belt loops which added to the bulk and made the phone stick out more from my hip .
i 'm disappointed as the title said rapid charger and its definitely not that .
i have used this to charge my phone , apple devices and multiple other items that require a usb adapter .
the in ear rubbers work fine , but they are extremely perfectly comfortable after an hour or more .
this is the ultimate in geekware .
this car charger does what its suppose to and charges my galaxy s 3 just fine , the light it gives off is great and the price is low so i recommend to all .
of course the iphone , blackberry needs some sort of connection to the existing power source , after all this unit can not preform magic and simply send power through the air , through the iphone or blackberry case and magically charge the battery .
unfortunately , the pad moves all around .
unlike other reviewsers , i am happy to report that my ipod touch 2nd generation was fully functional while it was charging .
it completely charges the phone in less than one hour , and charges itself in about 3 hours . i decided on this particular model because it does not require a proprietary charger cord .
the cyberpower hub at work does n 't seem to mind . the hubs at home , and even the usb ports on my motherboards , seem to loosen up and not keep a good grip on the usb thumbdrive .
the setup was quick and easy and the device took up almost no space on my desk as it attached to my phone . i spent thousands of hours a year on the phone and this device along with my remote wireless headset saved me a lot of neck stress and phone holding for hours a day .
i drive a convertible and i have gone through 6 different hands free devices that did n 't work .
for basic phone charging in your car , there 's nothing wrong with this samsung charger and it gets extra points on amazon for being 75 cheaper than so called best buy . i ca n 't believe retailers charge 4 times the online price and think that 's reasonable . if you run high power applications while driving , i would double check that the power output is adequate for maintaining a solid charge , as mentioned in another review .
pairing with my samsung reclaim phone was simple .
it hugs the phone tight enough that many people wo n 't know you have a case on it .
for example , there is noticeable popping ( interference ) if i put my phone in my pocket , even on the same side as the headset .
i really love this iphone case !
this was a great deal for the set .
it charged both only to 75 capacity before it got fully drained .
i would have liked the ability to charge both the devices up to 100 using the pack .
add to that the fact that the headset wants to work itself off my ear entirely , and the lack of adjustability is a problem for me .
it looks and works exactly like the original and is well worth the price .
it just barely fit no margin whatsoever , but still works . to activate it i called t mobile at the number at the back of the card .
it 's not perfect , but for the simple task of holding a cellphone , sunglasses , loose change , perhaps your ez pass , it will do the trick . i place a camcorder there to film road trips , and for the most part , it stays put .
if a call comes in , or if i place a call , the audio is pause on my phone and the car switches to the handsfree automatically .
somewhere between 4 6 hours of use and recharges quickly . * very lightweight . cons * occasional skips , especially when the device is far away ( more than about 15 feet ) or in my pocket . * design is a bit bulky , which is typical for over the ear styles . * buttons are on the small side and somewhat hard to distinguish from each other .
it has a leather texture . do not expect to receive an actual leather case .
product did not work , it had no charge .
i have not had it for long but it works exactly as promised and one sure cannot beat the price ( $ 2 . 99 including shipping . ) i highly recommend this cable .
replaced my lost plantronics unit , overall very happy .
the magnet closure is not very strong and i 'm afraid that if the case were to fall off my belt waistband that the weight of the phone will cause it to fall out .
you can look down and see it 's working by the blue light .
the anti glare works well , and my favorite feature of the anti glare is that it actually makes the screen smoother and less skiddish so i feel like i can move around and do things more quickly than without it or with a crystal screen protector . the size is cut properly , so it wo n 't overlap onto the metal and have adhesion issues .
the cord works for the touchpad , but the charger will only work on cell phones .
i have to take the case off my phone to fit the charger into my phone . . .
the drain on the battery seems to be ok on my first run through .
while some claim that those things stay in place , my garmin gps slid off the dash one time too many .
simple little tool , but makes a difference when trying pop open the sim card tray .
it does not charge my phone and in fact , it drains the phone .
it works with the iphone 4 and the 4s .
i was seriously planning on returning selling it until i got this freedom headset ! it makes a huge difference !
i bought this cable to use with my palm pre , and it works fine . my only problem is the cable is a bit too short for my needs .
then there is the usability issue too , sometimes i hear the phone ringing , and pushed the button to accept the call and it would n 't connect right away , had to wait several seconds to establish the link , the samsung wep200 and another motorola ear piece i had did not have this problem .
well , good published battery life is the distinction .
it has a powerful external battery that extends the notoriously battery like of the original 3g several times . my original plan was to use this hard case when i needed extra battery life .
plenty of power for my iphone 4s .
another reviewer 's comments about voice dialing are well taken you have to modify your contacts to correspond to what the bluetooth wants to hear , e . g . , i use voicemail for home , my daughter 's number for favorite , etc .
i love the product even though i messed up and did n 't know i needed a 3 . 5 so had to purchase adaptor .
it came with a genuine wall charger , not a horrible aftermarket one .
it is just the cable , straight into wall plug ( like cell phone chargers used to be ) a great product and it does what it says , just do n 't be expecting a usb cable with an adapter . it is the samsung name brand , and seems well built .
the sound quality is high , both sending and receiving .
maybe because the iphone thinks its plugged in and sucks more juice ?
there is no need to get the belkin iphone audio adapter if you get this cable it is already iphone ready .
walking , riding in the car , or just hanging at home , this is a necessary accessory .
once they are on they work great . buy these .
in case it does n 't say anywhere else , this is a silicone case .
but i still have to remove the back of my phone for it to fit .
do n 't know how many times my phone fell out of the case from actions as simple as getting into my truck and having it bump into the seat .
very handy tools i mostly use it when i have to fix soomething small like phones docks and other cool stuff
i have large earcanals and this earbud does not even come close to fitting in it .
the screens are easy to install and fit perfectly on my iphone 3g .
upon receiving the nt70t i found it easy to unpack and understand the functionality .
it was found to pair connect very easily to a netbook and other devices .
it turned out to be absolutely smooth when connecting to my samsung .
i love how lightweight these are , and how easily they paired with my phone .
the thing that i despise about this headset is the earloops and how easily they break .
it is not the best looking , but the design distributes the weight evenly across your entire ear , not just the top .
but in an effort to write a 'helpful' review i have to add , it is in fact an oem nokia ca 52 cable , it was very inexpensive , and it arrived much sooner than expected .
that part broke , it is weak and thin .
used this product to disassemble a blackberry and after its use , the pry tools where practically destroyed . . . . scredrivers are solid but the pry tools seem like they are not a quality product . would consider another tool if planning to disassemble various phones with it
i wanted something to protect my ipod touch and this works best for me , it is easy to use and has a magnetic closure .
the only problem is that my treo 750 turns off the bluetooth when the battery gets low , so i have to make sure to turn it back on , but that 's treo 's problem .
we opened the amazon box to find the product 's packaging also damaged .
thanks to apple and at t ; to fix this costs $ 200 so that will not be happening .
i wanted a unit to be able to charge multiple devices .
i 'm guessing that a little more weight to the stylus may improve operation of it .
that makes it a little more bulky but if i need to be recharging the headset and still keep it handy , it works ! now i just wish this ! $ plantronics headset would work worth a darn .
it generally works but every car i 've tried it in has me wiggling it around in the socket to get power .
my husband even slammed the car hood on this ( it was sitting under the windshield ) and drove around with it there for a while and the phone was intact .
why do engineers feel compelled to make thousands of different charging standards for similar devices ?
cheap price , no noise or problems .
this time , it initially showed a green light , then a red light and the light faded .
other chargers i have had the phone still loses power !
the incase was the best , by far , but it was outrageously expensive ( $ 30 ) . this is my first casecrown and it is just as good as the incase for a fraction of the cost !
however , this case is very large and if you do not have a phone large enough to completely fill it , it will not velcro closed and keep the phone safe .
it does n 't fit into my ear ( s ) but sort of hangs over it on that damned cheap earpiece that never held right .
within months all of them did not hold my headsets anymore .
i also notice that this product do fit the sgs2 , but the cut outs was not good .
screen goes in very nicely and no air bubbles .
in fact , lots of other usb things now work without being plugged directly into the computer .
only negative is that volumelimit makes me turn the phone up to hear better .
i purchased this cable because i wanted one that would work with the touch stone i just purchased .
the power retention of this battery is half as much as the original battery .
these headphones are great sounding , but they are very uncomfortable on your head .
the light is so bright that now it still shows as an almost ultraviolet glow .
music is a wholly different story .
i do n 't use either just the factory holster ( which also saves your battery ) so it works perfectly for me . i combined mine with the mini extra battery charger and can always have my bold and a spare battery charged . accessoryone was great .
in fact , i first bought a nokia e71 . the symbian os was not user friendly and nothing like the standard nokia os . the blackberry bold 9000 is very user friendly and the ui is intuitive .
no problems so far with holding a charge as another buyer had reported .
some people complain about the glowing motorolla sign , but i thought that was good so i can see that it is charging correctly .
both of us take care of our belongings , yet simply from pulling it in and out of our pockets , the bump used to hold the top half to the bottom half wore down . . .
obviously , it is not an otterbox , however the case is fairly sturdy .
the screen protector was easy to apply following the instructions .
only gripe about this product is that it lacks a dedicated number row ( for 1 to 0 ) . else , it would be perfect .
further , the jawbone is too big and bulky to comfortably put it into a pocket to take with you . but my main complaint is with the aliph jawbone company customer service itself they are absolutely horrible .
this battery looks just like the photo and says it is a rim blackberry , but it will not hold a charge .
if you 're in the same boat as me , i highly suggest another inverter from sabrent , also 150w half a star was taken off for the bulkiness of this product , another half star was taken off because i find the led to be too bright and rather distracting during night time driving . if you have the space , this is an excellent converter and a solid price .
i bought the itorch to charge my iphone while on the appalachian trail .
i just plug speakers , and play xbox on my computer monitor , and projector .
so far i have ordered 3 different replacement screens for my iphone and none of them will stay attatched to the mother board .
they work good until they get loose .
you take up too much square footage using this to charge one thing then you do just using the wire .
as far as the seller , we got the toughskin for the lowest price i could find online on 8 19 11 , with free usps shipping it arrived in perfect condition on 8 26 11 . we were very satisfied all around .
our cell phones are motorola , but none of the tips are suitable for our phones . charging suface looks cool , no complaints . power clip this is a thin , flat , tear drop shaped piece of plastic .
this means you 've got one less thing to carry around and lose . dual outputs with different capacities 2 amps for tablets , and 1a for phones . unlike some backup batteries it does n 't come with cords or adapters for charging your phone or tablet , but with so many different connectors being used , that 's not really an issue .
i almost forgot to mention that it has a great high end design and modern look , while it could still fit into the latest batman movie !
if you buy it off amazon it can cost you anywhere from $ 5 to $ 10 which really is n 't that much for a leather case .
one thing about chargers these days is the build quality .
first , his address did not open up in the blackberry .
i do n 't notice a difference in charging speed between normal wall plugs and this charger .
the only drawback is that this is only a wall charger there 's no detachable usb cord to hook into a computer .
i 'm in usa , i ordered the cover for galaxy ii that i bought from usa , the cover did n 't fit , and the speaker location is different from the phone .
people said that my voice was really muffled and the speaker isnt that great either . . . stick to the earpiece for bluetooth
at thetime i was looking at buying a navigation head unit for my truck that had blue tooth and iphone controls .
our att data card gets a 5 bars signal also . ( we are thus using both bands on this unit at once . ) while not cheap , it is the least expensive alternative available , and it just works ( tm ) .
since i live far from a metro area , i really do need the extra boost for my phone signal .
this is my first bt headset .
i really wanted this to work out !
but when i pull the phone ( in its case ) out of the leather holster on my belt , and press the power button on the top , i do n 't want the phone to shift in the case .
this will cause problems if your connector has a collar of any kind .
good quality and performance for the price .
i wanted a electric current charger for when away from the computer this works nicely and is a good price .
the material is really nice and feels solid in your hand compared to other much more expensive cases .
since it stated it is an oem item , i placed the order .
these ear gels work very well , comfort is the main reason i bought them , fit the ear very well , the price was right , you will not go wrong with these ear gels , that is why i gave them five stars
this will even securely fit a samsung galaxy note .
so the sound on this headset is really amazing .
i am terribly disappointed in the lack of quality these sweatshop made covers have .
i can not get my samsung s2 phone to charge with this oem charger .
if your phone transmitted it in stereo , it would play in stereo . basically , make sure you know the phone mp3 player whatever the device is standard .
i 've owned so many different types of bluetooth headsets it 's not funny .
i decided to give it a try after many callers telling me that they could not hear me or that i sounded like i was in a tunnel while using my plantronics headset .
it is so easy to use and looks great too .
the glass protector they ship is so far the best one i have found .
the unit charges in a few hours .
i liked the compact design of this charger , so i ordered it .
this cable was relatively inexpensive and works just like the one that came in the original box with the phone .
the charger would n 't charge it anymore .
these worked perfectly and fit the screws and took it apart with ease .
very reasonable price and it looks nice to .
its the only bluetooth headset i 've used , so i do n 't have anything to compare it with .
this charger is simply the best .
the nt70t also has a great form factor , and is reasonably light for the stated capacity .
additionally , due to its packaging , it retained a sort of twisted shape which is taking some time to untwist so it sits kind of uncomfortable on the head .
the jawbone prime provides both , the noise assassin actually works , i 've been able to talk on the phone , while driving down the road at 65mph with the radio on and the window rolled down , and the person on the other end only hears me and nothing else .
for the high price of 200 . both brokeone usb charge plate broke off . . . .
this is one of the better bt headsets that i own .
amazon should not host third party items that are not advertised correctly !
so far , this cable appears to be working very well .
now that 's some audio amplification ! 2 ) i have n 't asked the people on the other line how my audio sounded , but i 've never heard any complaints i . e .
you can get to the power switch and the headphone jack while the phone is in the case .
i was using a jabra 250 before this one , but ended up breaking the jabra accidently ( it 's a good product itself , by the way ) , so wanted to get something to replace it . i was drawn to the coolness factor of the plantronics , the nice case , the attachments , the little holder with clip , etc .
i 've had this bluetooth literally for years now .
at night , with my headset left on some countertop downstairs , and while i was upstairs , i could see the flash of blue reflected off my second story ceiling .
5 stars if it fit more in the ear than on it .
decided to give it another try with my motoqglobal ( att ) , and am thoroughly satisfied .
when i saw this i thought . . . . great , a protective case and a charger all built into one .
eforcity sent me a replacement at no charge but unfortunately the replacement does n 't work at all .
the only issue is that some of the shortcuts do n 't work .
it not only lets in dust and dirt that will scratch the back of your phone over time the 2 parts that allow the case to fit together always come apart .
however it 's much simpler to just use a case that gives access to the ports and plug in a charger .
anyway , if you want a good phone with bluetooth ( bt ) , then this is a very good one .
you can hear it clear across the room like your getting a waxing job done . lol
the belt clip is a little small , but holds just fine on around 1 belts .
bought as a charger for my mil 's new phone .
the phone is secure on my hip but releases with one hand .
i have smaller ears so the headset does not fit me .
these are the flattest response of all the earbuds i have , and i 've tried quite a few in this price range .
the smartpad comes pre installed on the unit .
any copycat can do this , but it gives me hope that this new battery comes from the same manufacturers as the oem battery . the tools worked just fine for me .
it just kinda slipped around on your phone , it also collected so much lint or other materials . . .
a typical usb port on a pc provides as little as 100ma , and few provide more than 500ma .
way to use your premium name to push crappy product , sk * * * * * * y . so , wife having been successfully courted and conditioned by brand name , we all had low expectations for a less than one jackson pair of toy looking m m ; earbuds .
then if my phone rings , i just leave the earbuds in and talk at my phone as if it were a speaker phone .
the other electronics , are a bit on the cheaply made side , but are functional , so this bundle is more than worth the price .
i use mine for work and play .
as per my testing so far , i can charge nexus 7 completely within 8 hours and still have about 50 juice left in the pack .
the fit and weight do improve the feel of the phone in my opinion it feels more solid to me .
it does and nicely overall too . battery life is so so 1300mah is not much .
i have been a nextel user for years and their motorola products including i90 , i95 , i730 and i830 . the v3 is the best motorola product ever ! ! ! blows the i830 out the water and makes it look like yesterdays news .
this slight bending caused it to short out .
the ability to charge two iphones ipods ipods is great .
i would n 't use it to tap because the ipod does n 't sense taps from this very well if you tap at the wrong angle you might clank the shaft onto the glass .
i 've tried 3 different headsets that plug into the panasonic phone but can never hear the other parties very well from the headset .
in one of the reviews the blueant z9i was mentioned as a better and less expensive alternative .
it charges just fine , at about the same rate as the oem stock charger , so i assume it is around a 1a charger ( probably just below 1a ) . i do n 't care for the length of this thing ; however , it 's worked better than other chargers i 've had .
this can get rather tedious since cingular does not support unlocked phones . 2 ) you may lose some functionalities .
i charge it overnight and it works all day from 530am till 11pm constantly receiving calls .
as you can see by the picture , this device has merely an ear canal insert and the microphone and cord just dangle .
first , the good things it offers excellent protection from drops , scrapes and the occasional rain storm .
fits the motorola razr v3 like it was specifically designed for it .
i recharged the nt70t easypak and then recharged my i phone 5 three times on the same charge .
the only problem i found was the annoying water mark on the screen caused by the membrane sticking to the screen .
still a good headset for me to use in my car .
it will stay on your ears wont come off !
the maxell did n 't go click click click , but it whistled , too .
i find i do n 't use it much though . i set up a shortcut in my slvr for quickly enabling bluetooth when i am wearing my headset .
only when using the parrot 's voice input specifically for calling . as of now if someone calls me ( only with the galaxy nexus ) and i go to answer the call through the parrot it locks the device up and it reboots .
i was a bit wary about buying this headset in used condition , but was lured by the half price price tag when compared to a new headset .
the sound quality is decent , and the size is a good fit in my ear .
with that being said i doubt you can find a speaker for 30 dollars that is bluetooth capable .
the only negative , and its not the adapter 's fault , is i ca n 't charge the phone while listening to audio from it .
i love the dlo case , just not it 's velcro .
this device works great and is simple to use .
i plugged in the charger and the light continued to be red for over two hours .
this is a very nice case for the iphone 5 at a very good price .
i called wilson they said unless they put a heat sink on the booster the only way to get rid of the heat is through the cable connector .
verizon has the best customer service and signal access of any carrier i have ever had and i have had all of them .
but , if slimness is not a concern , this battery will make your phone functional again .
once installed , the headset immediately worked as docuemented .
it charged my droid x from 10 to 60 in about 4 hours .
and i love how durable it is , and fits my phone perfectly !
they will last and last , durable and pretty easy to put on , taking off is a little harder but not too bad .
i cetainly would n 't try to interact with the droid 's screen while in this holder .
my grandson wanted the hub for his his playstation 3 slim , which sees a lot of use .
my thanks to the seller for being understanding and responsive .
for older folks with not so good eyesight ) is a good way to magnify things so you can see what you 're doing .
i am very picky with my phone cases , and my boyfriend thinks it 's too bejeweled .
i have other mini usb cords chargers and i do n 't have a problem with them , so it 's not the port on my phone .
nothing special about this usb sync cable .
however if you have one provider , and are planning on sticking with them , almost every single provider now offers a variant of what is known as a femtocell .
so pleased that i threw my cheapie generic car charger away and just use this genuine oem motorola one .
the quality on the other end is very clear .
i inadvertently sat on a bluetooth headset once when it was in my pocket this case avoids that very issue .
in the car , i have this and the cable that plugs into it .
bought the charger for my atrix 2 phone .
after 6 months of use , the battery still performance well .
so i am very satisfied with my headset . thank you !
after charging my phone for 15 minutes the charger began to overheat and the charge on my phone started to fail .
worked great in two of my friends nexus s 4g 's .
not properly labeled as to what product applications , hard to find what it fits . . quality is great , but finding a chart for applications is impossible ! !
my only issue is that if there is too much noise around me i cannot hear the call , but except for a piece that plugs into the ear any bluetooth will have this problem .
i was hoping to use an fm transmitter with it but the transmitter wont fit into the phone because the flanges that hold it in place come around too far . still , the product does what it says it will do and that is securely hold your i phone while you are travelling .
perfect for music from a computer with the usb cable that it comes with .
i expected it to be longer like my original usb that came with my charger .
sound quality is good , for both sender and receiver , as long as i keep it in my ear snugly .
it literally attached itself with no major bubbles .
the second set of ear buds that came with these fit my ears so they are not too small for adults and teens to wear also .
i like this dock with the pre2 . it turns on the clock , and the speakerphone if a call comes in .
he 's on his phone 24 7 so he eats up battery 's quick .
its about time i found a case that will accept a shell case on the 3gs phone now .
otherwise , i can just answer the phone while it is still sitting on the touchstone and the phone automatically switches the speakerphone on .
maybe in the future soyo can include 2 sets of ear loops so everyone will be able to use this bluetooth .
i followed the directions , including making sure the low power antenna was greater than 20 feet away and pointed towards the high power antenna before turning on .
it 's not as good for the volume control , though .
this is my second product from cardo scala the first being the 500 , which was also a great headset .
i used this charger for about 6 months , pretty sporadically , with my droid x sansa clip as the two primary recipients of recharges straight from the wall outlet as opposed to a computer 's usb port .
but i suppose its a little easier to use then a paperclip and hardly cost much , so worth a buy in the reviewers eyes .
i would not recommend this case .
amazon never surprises me , the quality of products and low prices make buying from them always a smart decision .
works with my iphone 3gs , and bought a second pair to hook to the home computer for voip conference calls to work .
i did a little troubleshooting , and it was the adapter that caused the audio distortion .
it fits the iphone 3gs like a glove .
works like it is suppose to work , so far it has charged a flip nokia basic cellphone , a android samsung , and a nokia e73 smartphone .
it 's only been 1 day however and we 'll see the long term durability .
if you can find it , the refurbished model is amazing value .
the battery pack has a good charge capacity one charge will charge a couple of smartphones and top up a tablet good for extended trips etc .
this item par itself , checks its battery strength , the best blutetooth i ever had . amazon your service is the best as always .
pros price ease of pairing sound quality ( yours and theirs ) battery lifecons painful for an extended time ( 10 mins ) hard to tell if on or off
if you 're looking for a reliable recharger that will fully charge your phone 2 or 3 times before needing a recharge itself , this is the charger for you .
that great se interface , made even better and now lacking the infamous sluggishness of past phones .
i 've had 4 plantronics 520 's they work well are easy to use .
i usually turn the volume up when i use the phone for talking , but i can set to the mid sound level using the headset . comfortable the headset stays in my ear pretty good , but for a long time , i felt a bit of pain .
the sound is horrible in the car .
i learned a long time ago to only buy motorola accessories .
what more could a girl ask for for her headphones ?
it charges my droid razr but very slowly .
it lasted 2 . 5 years and charged the phone at least two full charges .
with my windows up and the radio on medium while driving on the freeway people can hear me clearly but once i roll down my windows are turn on my air condition on full blast people only hear my voice breaking up .
the cell phone service in my place is n 't too bad .
keeps everything safe and non crushable ! was gonna buy another for my new 6th gen nano ( perfect size for nano , sync cable , little plug for wall , and earbuds ) , but then saw a speck case that looked neat too . i 'll see if i can post some photos and a video of this item up a little later .
the quality is acceptable , although some of the usb plugs fit loosely and occasionally the sync charge will stop .
allows good access to the phone controls , while still protecting vital areas in case of drops .
it looks bulky and heavy , but the unit is very light .
i previously had the jabra jx 10 and despite good reviews from others , i found the outgoing sound quality low when there was any background noise .
your paying a little more , but your getting quality ! my only concern is the blue m that lights up when plugged in . if you car outlet gives you power even if the car is turned off , unplug yours and lock your doors , as it will attract theives at night . otherwise , this is a great car charger for anything that has a micro usb plug .
i did , however , cut off the tag that is on the inside top of the holster , concerned that eventually it might abrade the screen .
the flap is just the right height to be easy to open and close but not get in the way when trying to put the phone back in without looking .
the itorch charger gets me about 2 full charges on my phone . pros size , easy to use , light weightcons have to turn on the led light before you can turn off the charger .
the unit is mostly used as a desk charger for my wife 's iphone 4s when at work ( teacher ) , and performs that task perfectly !
the phone is very easy to hold fits the phone nicely and the only drawback is that the power and volume buttons are a little hard to press .
it 's a little more clear than the picture shows and so the blue is n 't as brilliant on the phone as in the picture .
there is no wall charger but who does not have one these days . overall rating 5
this carries a one year warranty so this is just past the point of help .
fits snug on galaxy s2 even after months of use .
the controls work very well with my droid eris , while only some of the 401 controls worked properly .
mail to the phone and it 's a multimedia powerhouse that plays music and keeps you up to date .
then . . . they tried to convince me to go to dhl and use their account . . .
this case was by far the best case i bought for this phone .
after using klipsch custom 2 over and in ear headsets i found the jb 200 01 are much easier to slip on and above all do n 't irritate the ear as klipsch .
it 's staying put quite nicely and is keeping the bb in mint condition .
i have a small face small ears this dainty piece is perfect !
stays flush and elegant plugged in the car lighter .
durable and seems similar quality to apple products .
one for work , one for bedside , and one for the kitchen counter .
i am happy , in the dark it makes finding the cord really easy because of that big blue illuminated eye . . .
i 've used about a dozen stereo bluetooth headsets .
well , for starters , murphy 's law will say that your battery will go dead much more rapidly than if you had brought your charger along .
semi difficult to get it lined up correctly , but once it is on , it feels great and does not hinder any functionality .
the first time was when i was laying in bed reading an ebook with stanza , and got the 10 remaining ipod battery alert .
the wifi conect is super easy too .
it does not charge my device well at all .
because the ones at best buy do n 't allow sound through while you 're using it on the charger .
the light inside is pretty cool and they are good at rapidly charging the phone in the car as well as other devices .
i think the title says it all .
this is a pretty good case , especially for the price .
they cram many , many features into a tiny package .
outdoors requires the phone to be holstered on the same side of my body as the 855 . audio podcasts are always clear .
my old droid bionic almost always had to be in eyesight , while my razr maxx hd can be over 35 ft away and behind a wall .
no body could hear me or understand what i was saying .
when i purchased this headset , i was skeptical .
i know that this back up case has saved me in several cases when i could n 't charge my phone the old fashion way .
you have to push it quite hard ( shoving the ear bud into your ear ) for the headset to turn on and you must remember to turn it off prior to using your phone w o the headset .
i 'm sure this lot more to do with tmobile . basically slow and unintuitive phone . bright side of all this is that tmobile contact is only for one year .
for what the product is supposed to do , it does it flawlessly . there is a one button does all ( similar to apple products ) that is on the device .
the usb wall and car adapters allow me to conveniently use the same power cable between locations , and the carry pouch keeps everything together nicely . it 's safe to say that you can easily maintain a reliable signal anywhere within the mobilepro 's range .
it stays on my belt just fine , and it 's sturdy enough to keep the iphone safe for a short drop , especially with the silicon sleeve .
these work fine but they took several weeks to arrive from the vendori used .
the htc one is a great looking phone .
we both end up dialing through the phone and using the headset to talk and answer calls . ( we both have verizon wm5 pda phones . )
a ton cheaper than radio shack .
i have this exact charger that came with an earpiece , but the one i received from amazon does not match the one that came with the samsung earpiece .
my samsung is fussy on the type of cable used to communicate to my computer .
although the rubber case included is of decent construction , it is nothing to brag about . 3 . in this package you get only one case sleeve .
it lasted only 11 months of very light usage . it is also easy to depress the button by accident while in the bag , and ended up turning on the laser for a long period of time unintentionally .
the otterbox case is a great fit , feels good , is n 't sticky and looks good .
works just as good without breaking the bank
it is just like apples cord that you get with the phone .
sennheiser used to be reputable ; now i must agree with those who say these earbuds are junk .
this case solves that problem inexpensively , and without adding a lot of bulk .
so that 's odd , but they sound good .
the battery life is somewhat less that the motorola headsets , but i purchased an extra charger for home .
charges up my android phone as quickly as a wall charger , which is helpful when i 'm not near a wall or in a car .
as everyone else says , it sounds very clear , comfortable , and sounds crystal clear for the people listening to you .
with the plastic shell , the silicone fits tightly , and one can insert the phone in one 's pocket without much problem .
not only was it cheaper , but when you attempt to buy a simcard throught att . com , they will make you sign up for a service plan .
i checked the bluetooth status on the iphone and it shows not connected .
tried my other chargers and they did n 't put out enough power to actually charge the phone .
for the first time in my experience there is no over the ear sling or hard loop to snag on your hair , jewelry or rub your ear the wrong way .
this creates more adhesion so it stays put . the only thing to be aware of is that you really ca n 't adjust the arm much while its suctioned down .
the tone 's switch is a much better setup and easily accessible .
with this i could pop of the back without damage .
it easily fits into any bag , purse or briefcase , making it the perfect travel accessory .
it 's light , has good voice quality , louder earpiece volume than the phone itself ( mot v710 ) and the battery outlasts the phone .
works great on older iphone models !
this is my 6th different bluetooth headpiece that i have owned and it is the first that everyone did n 't say it sounded like i was talking into a tin can with strings !
if you want discrete there are other models out there ( the jawbone ) but i have to say that this bluetooth does offer great call quality .
like the fact that it 's the correct brand and milliamps to charge my smart phone .
its a four out of five on comfort and appearance .
it fits my htc and is easy to get on and off , i have no complaints .
also , it sticks out a bit further than most chargers , so if your lighter receptacle is in a tight place , you may want to consider this .
overall , i 've been extremely satisfied with motorola 's h7xx series .
amazon sent me the spanish version in a plastic bag ( instead of motorola packaging ) but the specs are the same and the item seems to work fine so far ( i 've had limited use to date though ) for both my samsung epic 4g and htc evo 4g .
the tools helped me repair my track pad with no problems .
needs to have a way to clip on to things better . . . plug in plastic things do not cut it . . . . did not return but not crazy about it .
slipped my sim card in this tray , put it in my phone and went back to work with no problem .
nitpicks that prevent the charger from rising above two stars relative to competition size the charging unit is big and bulky ( no kitchen counter for this one ) . lighting there is a light on the unit that is too bright .
i can use this charger using my current data cords and not have to spend extra money for specialty wall chargers for my other devices .
i did get one small piece of lint , but this was no problem as i just used a piece of tape to lift it up and another piece of tape to remove the lint .
worked easily and my 3 daughters loved them .
this case is excellent , i cannot say enough about the quality and protection it gives the iphone .
it has a cool light ring near where you plug it into the lighter so you know it 's working . a great value , no need to spend all the $ $ $ at the verizon store ( or any store , for that matter ) .
a very sensitive microphone that will pick up wind noise in moderately windy conditions ( in spite of the noise cancelling technology ) , but this is certainly true with every headset that i have used and probably true with all headsets when you come down to it .
it 's lightweight , goes in pocket easily with no worries about accidentally turning on , etc .
with this , do n 't worry , plug it in your car lighter socket , and off to work .
why they did n 't have the option of a qwerty keyboard is beyond logic .
when this happens , it becomes impossible to turn the headset off .
range is perfect as i can walk all over the office without loosing a call and music does not cut off .
it has n 't frozen on me yet ( and mine came with the oldest firmware ) . i heard upgrading the firmware resolves freezing issues , increases the quality compression of the pictures , and overall makes the phone more useable . . .
also makes them easier to push .
the ear bud thingy irritates your ear after a while and the battery dies kind of fast , works good though .
thus i have to lift up the phone from the front end , which is pretty close to the edge of the case almost covered .
this is the problem with all bt earpieces , its battery is not replaceable which can be done if the industry wants to .
this screen protection is for the blackberry curve i got only 3 in the pack i only used 1 to put on works great !
in both cases , the red led lit up , so it ca n 't be a fuse issue , but neither phones indicated that it was receiving a charge when these chargers were connected . the third one does work , but only intermittently .
this case is perfect and the price is just right . i feel safe putting my headset in it and storing it in my pocketbook .
this product is slighhhhhtly bigger than the iphone screen , big enough to leave bubbles at an edge no matter how it is aligned .
i worry about the durability of the device . so i gave this charger to my wife for her new phone .
you also need to place each item to be re charged into a powermat receiver case ( additional purchases will be required ) and then place it on the powermat itself .
the design is fresh , and the entire thing is built with the quality you 'd expect from a company like motorola .
same as you pay more for in a verizon store .
for android 1 . 6 users , visit this site . . . and download onto phone to get this product to work for you . without this application , this item will not work .
though when this headset works it is fine audio and comfortable to wear , i do not recommend it because it does not hold a charge for very long .
i upgraded my phone to the iphone 5 and now i 'm done with flimsy plastic screen protectors .
i called amazon cs and they sent a replacement after 4 minutes on the phone .
if you or your girfriend wife are looking for an inexpensive bluetooth headset go with this one , good little headset at a good price .
i have used servals bluetooth headset this one is my favorite . the fit is good , sound is good .
this phone is totally readable wearing sunglasses .
i really like its small sleek shape and the addition of the flashlight !
i guess it worked fine but whenever i connect it to my computer it says 34 ; device not compatible 34 ; or something like that .
i would n 't buy any other car charger but this one .
as for me , i saw an option to refill the phone with the prepaid gophone cards that are sold in the supermarkets but i did n 't try it .
this unit is paired to multiple devices ( a samsung smartphone , an htc smartphone , my pc and my walkman phone ) and audio from all sounds very 8 bit .
seems well constructed , fits a naked iphone 4 perfectly , but look for a different solution if you want to use this while keeping your iphone in a bumper or shell type case .
the battery works great and holds charge fine .
the sound quality is fairly decent , easy to charge , easy to pair for the most part comfy on the ear .
i 'm not sure what is going on with all the high ratings , but i was sent a flimsy plastic case that was painted , poorly , black on the outside and white on the inside plastic as well .
another might be inadequate bluetooth in the cell phone itself .
the cable i got from cellular 5 star works like a charm on my ipad 2 . thanks to the other commenters !
it is very new age looking , shiny black and blue cover , sturdy , along with a very simple , easily understood and has usable accessories .
i have yet to hear any distortion witch is great but it may also be due to the narrow feq range this headset seems to use .
like all the other reviews , this case is great !
i 'm also finding many of the reviews reflect people who got defective unit . keep in mind the sizing and earbuds fitting can vary depending on your head size and your build .
even the shure case was better .
these are great to keep my bluetooth in without having to use a clip over my ear .
this is a pretty solid case .
i cannot recommend this or some other type of external charging highly enough .
everyone thinks i 'm on a landline . long battery life .
i now have the iphone 5s , and otterbox just keeps improving their products !
i bought these and later picked up the samsung earphone mic for $ 4 and change .
just make sure you use a powered usb hub , or , of using a laptop , make sure you use the main usb port , that draws more power .
it works great , fits my thick case without interference on my iphone .
i have to admit that for the price , it works really well .
got this stylus for the long attachment . . . . and am very happy with product . . . good price and good quality . . will order different colors . .
obviously you can use an adapter , but it 's still easy to lose or try to hook up while you are driving . it 's a charger , it seems to be built well .
if you are looking for a basic , good quality bluetooth , this is it .
if you 're looking to charge connect a samsung with a microsd , stop looking and buy this .
i 've found it very easy to get my iphone 3g out of the case by simply pinching the bottom like the instructions show .
as for the actual protecting qualities of this case , i do have to say it is very lacking .
i just hate it when rinky dink sellers advertise cheap products one way , then disregard their descritption and what was actually ordered just sending you whatever they have lying around . i ordered 1 white and 2 black cables .
the unit is easy to use , the blue lights keep you informed of the charge available and the red led light is an added bonus .
such battery full circuits are almost always present in chargers made for specific devices . 3 . unless you buy an adapter specifically for the ipod , the usb adapter still requires an ipod charging cable , which you may already have . i 'm not saying that the chargepod does n 't do what it 's supposed to do , but you should note these caveats .
i guess for this price they are ok . . very light weight and cheaply made . . if you push too hard the metal from the pen will scratch the phone . . would rather pay more for higher quality . . but all in all guess they match the price i paid
this item is a simple charger but it works great it can charge my iphone and power my gateway in my car with no problem awesome . . . .
i tried all three of them , not a single one was small enough for my ear and none of them would actually be considered to be an in ear ear bud for me .
i have n 't used the lighter or wall plug connectors yet , but i do use the silicone case , arm band and clip and those work very good .
to my amazement it has been really a fantastic headset .
what i was n 't able to do was keep my phone charged . . . since there is only one port on the g1 . this device solved the problem ! i plugged the headphone adapter chord that came with my g1 into the headphone port and my car charger into the charge usb port of this device .
i keep my six devices ( usually two blackberries , an ipod , two bluetooth headsets , and an amazon kindle ) charging in a self contained circle without cords going everywhere and without the use of a powerstrip .
product is fine only problem i talk at a good level for people to hear me over the blue tooth and they have trouble hearing me and frequesnt clicks and pops occur .
you need an average cranium , the sound is not super , the microphone is tinny and people had a hard time hearing me .
being a big fan of bud earphones i find that these lock out even more noise than normal . ( they passed the spouse kids test ) this was a bonus when i cut the grass .
it is big enough to handle an iphone with a hardcase on it as well .
that aside it does work just as well charging my ipod .
the phone number listed on their site does n 't work for me , i 've gotten various bizarre no service type messages .
the tie string is a little annoying , but i have yet to have any issues with charging or data transfer .
it is a good case but i definitely prefer using the otter case for superior protection from drops and falls .
the battery life is now reasonable though it does add to the size of the phone .
this item is cheaply priced , therefore the quality of this case is also cheap .
the talk time is awesome and i have gotten almost 5 hours continuous talk time out of the device .
it charges quickly and is relatively light weight .
thus , it appears that the car charger produces two thirds the electrical charge produced by the wall charger ( . 5 vs . . 75 amp . ) this car charger is used with a blackberry 8800 and has performed admirably and without any problems .
but other cables are able to deliver 1 . 66a ( 8 . 3w ) to my device which means that charging happens at 1200ma ( 6w ) , and charging happens over twice as fast . i have no real complaint with these cables , but i prefer to use the other , faster cables instead .
i returned these for credit and bought a pair of motorola s305 bluetooth headphones , and i could not be happier .
not cheap and charges my phone very fast !
i have to really turn it down low to keep that from happening . * recharging it is kind of a pain .
this is a gift for a friend who did not have a headset .
i rated the screen protectors three stars because they were the only thing in the package .
the headphone jack on this phone is waterproof anyway , and there 's a very big cutout in the bottom to access the charging port .
the best ! ! no other description needed .
the most important factor of this is quality of voice , even if i am outside , driving or walking , voice quality is very clear .
but the built in screen protector on this otterbox works great , keeps my phone protected and that is fine for me right now .
the piano black finish is a nice touch , but i have yet to remove the protective cover as i am apprehensive to scratch the finish , my personal preference is the matte black finish for this reason .
it is soft to the touch yet rugged .
i do n 't have to press the button to remove the bottom case .
we charge a samsung and iphone using this outlet .
some other inexpensive micro usb cables i 've gotten recently were of the type that they would connect data but not charge a device .
my ipod touch is in one as is my blackberry curve .
excellent product , works well , especially with bt phones that have a strong bt signal .
for what i paid it is not even worth trying to get the lint cloth shipped to me from hong kong .
i can not believe that otterbox puts their name on this product .
it has a nice steady slow charge just like the original cord .
i love the technology on this product , works great .
if the ear piece going right into my ear the way it should , the headset rests above the top of the ear and falls off .
my phone stayed at fully charged by the end of my vacation day , while the external battery has the last led light blinking ( that means approx 5 20 juice left ) . it is super easy to re charge this battery too .
so if you are a couch potato who wants a wireless head set that answers the phone , these are great . 5 stars .
unfortunately , the sound quality is below expectations and i continue to use my wired headset . my cell phone goes with me everywhere , especially when i drive .
it works nice for the price .
this product is silky smooth on touch screens .
decent quality , especially for what i paid .
i 'm not rough with my bluetooths ; shocked when this happened .
since i listen mostly to podcasts and audiobooks , it does n 't make any difference and when i listen to music , it is good enough for me . the connector for charging is micro usb .
so for $ 40 , this is a fantastic deal for something that i imagine works just as well as the more expensive competitors and has a comparable comfort level . the weight of the device is not too much .
i bought this charger for me and my wife 's torch 9810 devices .
you do not have a jailbroken phone if you do not know what cydia is .
fit and function are just great .
what a waste of money ! ( incidentally , i replaced this headset with the plantronics voyager 510 . after 1 month of usage , i like it alot !
however , once mounted , it 's pretty secure ! linking to my lg 8300 cell phone was a breeze .
it took 1hour and 59 minutes , leaving 25 on the charger .
however , it does not charge an iphone and ipad all through the night .
maybe i looked at the description wrong .
when i take it out i still have the thin clean phone without the bulk of a hard case . the phone still fits all of the accessories and docks .
does get a little hot , we have 2 different chargers , one is a official lg and my wife noticed , since we had them plugged into the same 12 volt socket on a splitter , that this one was hotter than the lg charger .
it works fine for charging the phone , though it only seems to maintain the battery ( verus increasing the charge ) when i 'm heavily using the radio on the phone , e . g .
heeding the warning from other users that the beltclip breaks off readily , i intentionally broke it off ) and put the rest of the holder phone in my cargo pants .
oh , and after about 2 weeks , i could only hear static through the headset while speaking , which would not happen when i used the same headset with my computer
the bright blue light is glaring and slightly annoying , that 's the only thing about this i do n 't like .
i considered repairing the plug but it 's not possible without removing the seal around the cord where it enters the plug .
hope this review helps . ryan
this speaker allows me to keep the phone at a safe distance while still being able to control volume , skip tracks , etc . . . . . .
have to reset once in a while . 1st call sometimes dumps . good noise control on transmit .
the release button is no use .
she likes the carrying strap as well , and the case 's flexibility .
while it does n 't fit as deeply in the ear as the samsung , the sound quality on both ends is great .
it charges my motorola cellphones and it even works on my sister 's old flip flop phone .
product came really fast , nice long cord , which was great considering factory cord is so short .
it it does n 't work at all try pairing it again .
often while trying to keep it in my ear i ended up hanging up . after reading other comments i found a jawbone 1 ear clip and bent it a bit , this holds the jawbone 2 on my ear .
this thing works great for keeping my iphone charged while on my bicycle .
it 's not the product 's fault that i do n 't own an iphone , but i would argue that the packaging should call it out in a larger font ( pictures of iphones on the cover notwithstanding ) . to be fair , amazon 's description does specifically indicate it is for iphones .
at a cost of less than $ 20 , that means this unit will cost you barely $ 1 per month , as opposed to $ 10 15 per month for some of the designer headsets !
it is not a deep purple like i was hoping for . looks aside , it is my favorite case so far .
like most say this is pretty much a fancy paperclip , and works just like one .
seems to be a good value .
i gave one of these away 2 years ago , when it failed to stay paired with my bb pearl .
other chargers have a tiny red light or a shaded red light that is hidden and many time it has slipped from the socket and thus my phones never charged .
great product keeps the droid x2 charged .
also will not go easily into my back pocket .
it has other functionality and adjustments that i do not use and have not had to learn about . i use this brand also for a regular phone headset on my work phone and absolutely love it .
i realize now that the company is selling several different items under the same listing , so the reviews can be confusing and not accurate . like many other 34 ; power users 34 ; ( i . e .
i had no trouble pairing this with my droid x mobile phone and playing music through it at a reasonably high volume the sound quality is what it is for this size speaker , but that 's not what i bought it for .
not only will the sweat break them , but they do not have range to play music in your pocket if you are outside .
the small circular plastic dot at the bottom ( see product image ) can also be applied , but in retrospect i wish i had not . the plastic is nearly invisible , it is super tough , and it acts like a mini cushion against shock when you accidentally drop your itoy , but i still recommend a sleeve or jacket .
weight is behind the ear and it does n 't feel like it will fall off when moving around .
callers complain about lots of noise on my end .
it did n 't happen in my motorola hand set tat i used earlier . ( but in all other aspects voyager is far better than motorola headset of same class )
i ordered two of these from the oem for cheap seller .
it does not add any bulk to the phone and the pure comfort of holding it in the hand is speechless .
a tech at my local sprint store looked at the phone and said the battery showed signs of slight swelling which means it was n 't being charged properly .
i have replaced it with this battery that i purchased from bto , inc , and now my phone can go 2 days wihout recharge . one note about the little water exposure sticker .
because the closure flap is magnetic there is nothing abrasive on the inside of the case so the phone is well protected .
i had to move it because of wiper hitting it .
transitioning from headset listening , to a face to face conversation ( where you can clearly hear every word they are speaking ) with someone is simple , and takes a fraction of a second to touch the headset controls .
my camera does n 't work anymore but the cord works fine .
i purchased this product in my local apple store , and luckily there was a sales clerk there who knew how to get the film affixed to the iphone .
i have bigger arms lil tight
best stylus i have ever owned .
my purchase of the h710 was on the strength of a friend 's use of an h700 . he was the only caller with a bluetooth ear device from whom i could hear every word clearly .
it does not last long at all even on a full charge .
hi all , well it would seem that a decision has been made in the mobile world to standardize on micro usb ports for all mobile devices .
they work great , fit very well , do n 't fall off when i run several miles , and double as a bluetooth headset yes , you can answer a call while running .
good enough of a cover to prevent a little of the typical wear and tear on your phone .
it holds the phone in place and provides a decent amount of protection from squeezing , hits and even a drop from waist height and delivery was timely .
i was disappointed with a different car charger , since it would n 't charge when i run my cell phone navigation in my car .
it sure would be great to have a working headset .
it has a metal belt clip and a strong belt loop that lets you wear it horizontally or vertically .
the rear broke off about 2 weeks later .
this is the only type of phone he swears by because of its sleekness .
when the car is turned on , the stereo gateway comes on and my 9700 pairs with it and with the car 's bluetooth hands free at the same time .
the power it can draw matches that which my cigarette outlet can output .
the cutouts are fine and no issues charging my phone with the otterbox cover being on .
i could listen to streaming music with it from my phone and it stayed on my ear really well .
come around the bend and , oops !
i could go over a week with my old nokia bluetooth headset .
i use this car charger all the time .
the last bluetooth headset i used was a motorola something or the other , and frankly i was underwhelmed .
had no connection problems with a variety of devices .
this connects automatically when i get in the car .
i threw it out because of terrible volume clarity on both ends .
i got this earpiece for my wife to use .
got this case for my mom .
if you are looking for decent noise cancellation , i 've found the samsung wep470 does just as good of a job , has a dedicated on off button , and is less than half the price of this headset .
if it works . . . i 'm happy . the motorola is small ; about 2 . 5 long and yet it seems to pick up my voice quite well and the sound quality on my calls thus far has been good .
a joy ! fairly lightweight , with good ear balance .
i am pleased with this camera protection wrap . it is easy to use and is a great safeguard for most compact cameras . it does n 't completely keep out sand etc .
it 's less geeky than some headsets . 3 . nice look and button layout . 4 . charge cradle and usb charging is a nice bonus . cons 1 . i had to remove the ear loop so that i could get the unit close enough to my ear to hear it . 2 . i felt like i might break the unit when connecting and disconnecting it from the cradle . 3 . did not work well with microsoft voice command .
i just do n 't get how some of these screen protectors can cost $ 5 a piece .
another nice thing is that one came with a car charger , which works great to charge devices while i 'm driving .
even if you do n 't have a palm pre this is a nicely styled and functional piece of equipment .
i do not worry about turning the phone off by forcing it in the holster .
you do not need a completely smooth surface to mount it to , so it 's really great .
this product does not come in any retail packaging , but both the cable and ac adapter are palm branded . i have n 't had any issues with this charger .
i am very pleased with these headphones , from the easy pairing process , to the comfort , fit , and sound quality .
this phone actually fits the razr slightly better than the body glove i use for my motorola v551 . it provides some protection from drops , the elements , etc .
well , this phone came in a protected package , no damage at all , worked great upon first time installing my sim card and memory card .
then he took out and handled one of the films with two fingers , one each on the vertical sides of the film .
the big plus is that it charges via a micro usb so if your phone uses that then you can charge your headset with it also .
as far as sound quality , i have n 't gotten to try any 320 kbs songs to play on the phone yet over bluetooth seeing as i just got it and hooked it up a few hours ago . overall it only took about 20 30 minutes to completely route the wire , pull the radio and wire into my existing setup . it looks pretty nice . the led is pretty bright in the daytime .
i would not get this again the windshield mount broke the first day a pain in the butt to put the mount on the air vent .
it works great when my wife 's cell phone is buried deep within her pocketbook . i have a number of bluetooth headsets gathering dust because they were a pain to use .
this charger arrived in about a week and it charged my samsung galaxy nexus and also my samsung galaxy s3 with no problems .
these headphones are very comfortable and fit well once you make all the right adjustments .
i love the larger capacity , and you ca n 't go wrong with the solid black color .
at first it was n 't the best fit for my head , but i was able to slightly bend the band on the sides to better contour to my head .
i wanted it to work because of the small size and flip shut down but it had to go .
it runs fast , keeps up with my typing you can do most anything on this phone .
i 'm not saying it will fill them all on 1 charge , just that it charges them while powering them .
these tools are adequate for the job .
had to send it back as even amazon could not get motorola to develop smaller ear pieces .
sound quality is very good and the ear piece fits me very well .
the spring clips grab onto the vents and hold it in place .
i loved this otterbox and hated that the otterbox cases for the newere phones are not near as sturdy and well built .
the wall chargers are excellent and small and the usb cable is premium quality and construction .
day two i backed up all my settings and unlocked the phone and tried out the google bata app .
it 's perfect for protecting and caring for an expensive item .
the last protector was thicker and the cell case would snag causing the protector to come loose . you need to make sure the glass surface is completely clean before applying .
it also makes all my friends with iphones jealous ( that plus my phone bill and reliable coverage ) .
this was super cheap and it looks nice .
it really makes a difference in long term wear . works like a charm and looks better than what i 've had in the past .
since the holder is so bad , you 'll put your phone in your pocket which works good however , lint will build up on your camera lens which the otterbox seems to 'hold' . occasional swabbing with a q tip cleans your camera lens . do n 't substitue with another brand .
so why not just charge using your own device .
his phone was broken and would n 't pair with it .
but a slight head tilt or even just moving around quickly will cause the pro to eventually dislodge and fall out .
the first unit went back under warranty because the static from the mike was so bad .
i do n 't recommend this item , its says apple compatible ( when i plug the usb to my laptop to charge the phone it says . . . .
now anything that touches that will impede your voice . . . . it 's like putting a towel over a regular phone and talking to someone .
it is definitely an eye catcher . 2 ) call quality is great .
it takes video clips , but nothing over 15 seconds .
most people i talk to say it sounds fine on the other end , but one complained of the tunnel sound . but it is a good value .
works great with my nokia 6103 and with my computer that has bluetooth built in .
i have a lot of mini usb cables from over the years and these little guys flawless resurrect them in the world of micro usb connectors that we live in .
feel like i 've bought every version of screen cover .
it took me about a week to get used to the bluetooth not having a divice hanging on my ear .
it is n 't enough to detract from usage , but otterbox should fix this and offer panel swapouts to those users who request them .
the earpiece is adjustable , and fits my ear very well . the packaging on this item was kind of weird .
it 's still reasonably priced , and an excellent value for the money .
not fancy but they work well .
boy , am i disappointed when my receiving parties kept telling me there was a lot of noise ( regardless of adjusting the position ) in the background and my voice sounded tinny .
adds no bulk to the phone my gs4 stays slim and light ! the kickstand works , does n 't slide around , nice and firm .
if you 're like me , you 've just about given up trying to find a reliable bluetooth headset and transmitter .
it does a good job protection the phone from minor to medium drops .
i have mixed feelings about this headset . first the bad news it ca n 't handle any wind at all , even the slightest breeze kills the conversation .
i love that it does n 't add any bulk to the phone and still protects my phone .
it 's made of a cheap material and makes the iphone so much larger than what it is without this cover .
it holds 2 cards , an id , and a small amount of paper money , but not much .
the wireless capability makes this even more convenient . my only complaint is that this unit is a bit bigger on the part that goes behind the ear than other units i have owned .
i love these headphones the ear buds have a much better sound and bass response than my other over the ear bluetooth headphones . i 'm 100 satisfied , even with the price it 's a worthwhile investment . not being tethered to my phone mp3 player is a big plus . i use them with an lg vu .
i like the look of my phone much better in this case .
this charger works with my samsung galaxy s3 and charges the phone while i drive , which is all i ask of it .
i used both green onion covers in less than 6 months .
if i had to give a wishlist item i would say give me a car recharger rather than a home plug rechargers since i tend to keep my headset in the car .
i used this kit to replace the cracked glass in my iphone 3g .
we are not ready to pay verizon $ 50 per phone per month to just sync up the phone book . in this internet age , you would think any technology company would put all their support materials and drivers on the internet for people to download .
i tried many ways to remove the air bubbles , but the air bubbles wo n 't go away .
the way the cut out is over the the volume rocker makes it difficult to use , it is fairly easy to get use to it for the volume only but just try and take a screenshot and it is nearly impossible without taking the case completely off .
will try out other colors too .
this protector is too rigid and it 's impossible to apply it without getting air bubbles .
i have an iphone 4s and it plugs in and charges with no problem .
for those that do n 't know , the device clips to your earlobe after placing the speaker in your ear .
now for the downsides it 's still a bluetooth headset , so sound quality is n 't perfect ; it 's much bulkier and more awkward than other headsets ; it 's damn expensive .
cheap car charge i have used .
the bottom line is that no one here wanted to add a tip or adhesive attached clip to their phone anyway , so we will not be using this device , since it 's just easier using a regular charger .
i was also surprised to see a usb port , giving you the capability to charge off pc 's and such .
it is what it is , a charger .
my biggest concern is that the corners do n 't seem to be covered but i notice this one most hard shell covers . other than those minor issues , it works well to provide protection for the note 2 . andre
i would buy again . 34 ; six more words required . 34 ; it 's fine .
my favorite feature is the button that controls the sound level the recipient of my call experiences .
its going to take getting used to . i had a cover before that covered the bottom buttons on my phone .
i am currently testing the plantronics voyager pro and notice that it does n 't like my blackberry .
works with my fuji digital camera and my razr v3m .
i 'm going to my local music store to buy a coupe of heavy grade guitar picks to try out as guitar picks come in a variety of grades and shapes . this tool is also soft so do n 't expect it to last a long time .
great price , prompt delivery and overall satisfied . ordered on april 27 , 2009and received on may 1 , 2009 . cool !
well , this one works like a charm .
ironically they all failed just above the strain relief on the male plug . when these fail you 'll see exposed wires or the male end will break off which in a way is a nice change from other adapters that fail internally and still look ok from the outside .
mine came with a busted spring .
very handy case to keep you valuables or electronics safe from the elements .
true the price is high , but i got my headset from ebay for 49 . 99 new in box .
i love the new plantronics voyager 855 . it pairs great with my nokia n82 . my only gripes are that the call talk button can be difficult to press and the audio quality is good but not great .
this feeds my power hungry htc thunderbolt beautifully . i tried doing all of the power hungry stuff you can do , simultaneously gps , 4g , and access point on and maxed out by a connected computer .
i was looking for a case that would really protect the iphone .
and though the film requires less cleaning and does n 't get as much smudges as the glass , it still requires cleaning . the film fits the class very nicely , and there 's not too much difference in the overall viewing of video or images on the iphone .
this has got to be the cheapest dumbest iphone case ever made !
kinda bulky and the blue light got annoying .
there are a few things that are not so good need to clean cover frequently ( it gets easily smudged ) ; mp3 sound is not perfect ( well this is a phone not a mp3 player ) ; once when i switched the gsm card it reverted to kanji characters and i had a hard time to find the english option ; )
the main function of this product is to recharge mobile devices on the go , and this delivers , flat out .
old cell phone plus a truphone sim makes this a great device for a secondary or backup phone line for my security devices to call out on .
most people probably wo n 't care , but it may contribute to poor fingerprint sensor operation .
i bought these headphones because they are bluetooth which means the wire would n 't snag on the barbells when i work out and do n 't get in the way when i run .
it protects completely , and has a sticky but smooth finish ( hence the 'otter' moniker ) so it will remain in place when you set it down on , say , a dashboard , but not get so stuck in your pocket that your phone calls are all lost due to bad timing .
purchase this for your phone ! b00dv2oqfythe product is way better and is actually correct length durability .
while it 's easy enough to turn up the volume , the problem lies in the microphone being so close that it causes a major echo for the person on the other end .
protectors are cut slightly larger than size of screen area to be covered resulting in bubbles near edges that can not be removed .
my only complaint is a lack of a method of securing it to a table top but i suppose double sticky tape will do just fine .
like having a back up as my son loses things like this .
i 've bought several of the cheap iphone cables from different vendors .
so , after dropping my brand new palm pre and putting a tiny dent on the very edge of the front i decided to invest in a skin .
when i took the cover off the other day i saw that it had rubbed the red coloring onto my phone .
i will probably keep the retractable cable and toss the chargers .
i love the jawbone and i love the noise shield with just a touch of a button .
controls are easy to use and can be adjusted without having to remove the headphones from your head .
this is a charger for the money and it is not cheaply made like many of the other car chargers .
this means it will be hard to share with someone because of germs . i mostly use this headset when playing games online on the playstation 3 . it connects flawlessly every time and everyone online can hear me clearly , and i can hear them clearly .
then the hard inner shell snaps together , and finally the rubber top layer goes over all of that .
charging any of these devices takes about the same time as if you use a wall charger .
flexibility is a real selling point , i love being able to use it on so many devices .
keep one in car and one in the house . 4 . build is very cheap and shows poor fabrication . 5 instead of a well made bag box to keep 4 components , it comes with a cheap nylon bag which does not hold different tips , chargers etc snugly .
the device works well in a hotel room where signal is weak .
thank goodness amazon is so great with returns .
in the past 2 weeks i have tried some other in the 80 . 00 price range , but this on works the best .
various sons have borrowed it to charge nameless 34 ; dumb phones 34 ; and mp3 players .
this is the 3rd or 4th pair of headphones they always stop working after a awhile . and its always one side of the headphone .
hard to feel whether or not if you pressed the power volume button or not , there 's no tactile feedback when you push .
it works as intended and it is stylish on top of that .
considering though this is a device you wear out on the street , the background noise is probably ruining your perception of the sound anyway . this is a great device and considering how much it costs is a great value .
one of them is in my 2013 lexus es350 . the installation is easy and the setup is so beautiful that lexus technician asked me if i had it professionally installed .
i might forgive it more if i still had my vw with the blue dash lights to match this charger .
either way , for the price of this case , it 's hard not to praise it .
this item is of high quality .
i purchased this in order to make my sirius xm radio for my car able to work in my house without buying all their fancy home kit set up stuff , but the darn thing would n 't keep my radio on , it would start for a quick second and then turn off again .
this is a well build carrying case that should last a while . it is a eye catcher with the design and it allows your phone to breath and not get over heated like some cases . the belt clip is build well , very solid and also turns 360 degree so it can be positioned in any direction . this is a exact fit for the note 2 and is worth the time .
and the plantronics is that good set in fact , it 's a fabulous set .
just pop the bottom retainer , pull the old one out , move the wires , and snap everything back into place .
definitely works well at a bargain price .
and it left to much of aresidue and it was all streaked . look , just stick with the regular hard screen protectors . there way more dependable and less expensive and comes with more than 1 .
i 'm definitely in the market for a more comfortable unit . wind is very audible and the highest volume does nets a decent call if there is absolutely no background noise .
fit finish look good too .
i have very carefully removed and inserted the phone and have not had an issue so far . the quality of the main leather is nice , and the microfiber interior is also nice .
however , it has rounded ends and everything else seems to be the same as the original cables .
last week i plugged in a air pump to the splitter , as i had done many times before and it caused the splitter to start melting and smoking .
i think it 's not only a cool idea , but a very organized , nice looking , efficient way to charge and display your blackberry bold .
great charger that charges quickly and reliably .
this headset does a good job correcting that issue with the noise canceling technology . and the price point is pretty good , all things considered . that 's the good news . the bad news is that it was uncomfortable to wear and the relatively long boom made it embarrassing to be seen in .
i bought this item from seller1on1 and the model number is ecc1du2bbe , which is printed right on the cord .
cozip case is simply just a case ! ! it can only protect the iphones back thats it . cozip case does not protect the phone from breaking when it drops , there is no schock on it at all . its like not having a case at all . positive side is that it makes the iphone more cooler its a stylish case not for protection , you just have to be extra careful with the phone , because if it drops !
it does not cover the screen , so purchase a zagg screen protector .
the otterbox impact case for iphone 3g , white is fantastic . . . it arrived and with a plastic shield cover , which it really protects the phone if it drops to the floor . . . i really liked it . . . .
bought this for the axillary backup power , and i guess i will find a need to use its led flashlight capability .
i have used this on my bluetooth also and it worked great .
the cell phone company did n 't like that so we had to figure out a way to connect to the home tower .
she saw me using gps drive , the gps application and instantly learned that it is so much better than the build in navigation system from the factory in her car .
cord is well constructed and very sturdy .
charges my samsung facinate just fine .
very terrible protection too glossy and it bubbles ridiculously its horrible .
the s5 case feels like it has a lot more grip .
i would buy again . oh , i 've purchased wiring harnesses from scosche .
i was expecting the cord in the picture .
other than that it works great .
the rounded end is a little large .
the sim restriction has been removed .
the h700 folds when you take it off your ear and when it folds , it turns off .
there are a lot of options when it comes to styluses .
the speck case broke very easily .
the headphones generally linked reliably with a galaxy nexus and motorola triumph .
i travel a lot and wear the headset for long periods .
they should have at least enclosed one common mini usb tip in the package .
i have a silicon cover on my phone to protect it and that makes it not fit well in the cases designed for the iphone 4 . if you use a protective case on your iphone , this pouch is the way to go !
i wish i bought a car charger years ago .
i typically use it for listening to podcasts and audio books while i 'm working , and for that purpose , it works wonderfully .
this fits just right , not too snug , not too loose .
good price too . the only downside about this case ( and might not be for some people ) is that because the camera lens on the back of the s4 protrudes a little , you should use a case that is a little thicker on the back to better protect the lens from scratches .
specifically purchased due to the ad saying they were for samsung galaxy devices .
at such a low price i paid less than $ 9 on amazon there 's really no reason to buy a non oem charger .
it is a micro usb charger so it also fits my husband 's samsung galaxy3 , my son 's nokia lumia , and i 've used it to charge the kindle fire . works fast .
the acid test for clarity is my mom and the blueant passed . it does n 't do well with wind noise but not a single bluetooth does .
we have this cord floating around the house , along with a couple other official apple charging cords .
it fits in the ear comfortably , and it is so light i sometimes forget it is still there .
i think its a great phone for the money , packed with features , and especially the bluetooth integrates really well with the handsfree in my car .
the sound quality on this device is great .
this is very inexpensive cable for the ipod iphone .
the attachment screw slides on a rail and the material is elastic so it should fit any camera of this class .
i bought this item from cellular 5 star .
however , this unit uses the behind the ear design , where you would have to use two fingers with a motion to pinch your earlobe to activate the button , it 's truly an unpleasant experience .
the case if very hard and protects the scanner very well .
i can hear people fairly well .
the representative was kind and he quickly sent me a replacement item overnight .
the first headset i was sent was doa .
tough to say whether these disconnects are phone or headset related .
they not meant for constant use .
it wo n 't work for the iphone 4 , not until they come out with a charge cover case for it .
great sound and minimal background noise for those on the other end of the phone .
to keep it from hanging low where a passenger could accidentally yank it w their foot , potentially damaging the audio jack , cable or the iphone itself . i suppose the length of cable is supposed to make you feel better for having spent this much on a cable .
this will help you see both any slivers of glass that fall out of your cracked screen , but also the incredibly tiny screws you 'll be removing and replacing . ( 2 ) when re inserting those teeny tiny screws , i found it helpful to lay my iphone on its back , pick up the screw with the tip of the screwdriver , then come at the hole from the side .
overall , i highly recommend this headset if you need a clear connection and hands free .
the charger in my car does n 't work when the ignition is off , and who wants a dangling cord hanging down in their field of vision while driving . have charged the t505 up once since i got it , and the battery life is reported to be around 18 hours of usage or 30 days of standby .
the only thing i can think of is some hardware added to give the i730 an external screen somehow interferes with the antennae hardware somehow . other than signal strength compared to the cheaper and basically identical ( except for external screen ) i710 , the i730 is a pretty good phone .
i purchased this for my wife 's phone so she could download music to her phone or charge it from her computer or she could charge her phone from the car .
you add a slight thickness to the edge of the phone with a case on it , so basically it closes all the way , almost exactly the same as without a case , but because of the case , you wo n 't hear the phone cover click shut but it is closed and its not like the front is suddenly lose or pops open .
on the first use the blue one was bent and could not be used anymore .
i told the operator i wanted to transfer my phone number from my existing prepaid account to a new sim .
if you like you can remove the back take off the piece that snaps into the belt clip and put a plug in it place to give it a smooth look and feel or change it back again in just a few sec .
but , also thanks to these open areas , the carrying lanyard sticks out and it is easy to carry your camera around .
from the picture it looks nice but in reality , it 's cheaply manufactured plastic junk .
before i say anything else yes it is true , this is a just a plastic box with plastic grass . we were in need of some type of charging station cable organizer .
it is nice and loud even while driving with the radio on .
i replaced it with an otterbox
i , however , must remove the case at least 3 4 times a day as i ca n 't use my favorite belt clip holder or my griffin aircurve with the case in place .
the blue light works great because it tells you if it 's been plugged in correctly ( at least to the car battery ) . this time i wish the cable is a little longer 'cause the outlet is further away .
they will no longer fit against your ears . so they sound great , but no longer fit .
thank god it did n 't scratch the aluminium on the case .
this is the best cover for the iphone .
so now i can charge not only the phone but the gps , the kindle ( if we 're on a road trip or something ) or any other usb powered device . great product that just works and does n 't feel cheap .
i 've swapped out wires for some of the docks , and my phone now charges to 100 on them .
i ordered 3 and received only 1 . the seller immediately shipped the other 2 at no additional cost to me . these pouches are very good for the iphone 3gs .
i had no unususal odors and the magnetic latch works well . the only down side i see is that because of the shape of the iphone is may be easy to drop the phone when removing it from the case .
i was surprised at the quality of the sound ; i really ca n 't tell the difference between these and wired headphones .
however , it has started to get a yellowish hue .
it 's universal have used this for samsung galaxy , lg optimus l9 , motorola bluetooth and samsung bluetooth all charged very fast ; i believe there is something installed to keep batteries from overcharging ( read full description of this item ) . i 'm very happy with this sometimes i feel like just charging my phones and accessories in the car instead of in the house now .
it 's been my experience with bluetooth listening devices that a year is all you can expect , at best .
i ordered some size small rubber ends to see if it makes a difference .
frost color looks nice on the cell phone and feels durable .
good charger but not a fast charger .
the earlier plantronics was also very good as well .
i am tired of liars and money gobbling b * st * rds !
i use it all the time as a phone and as my primary mp3 player , using a 16 gb micro sd card to hold more programs and albums than i could possibly listen to .
bought a jabra journey from costco and worked awesome until i applied ics update to my wife 's samsung galaxy s2 . the journey kept dropping bt connection .
caution to get an entire product usable on your device you are likely to have to deal with two , maybe more , separate vendors , shipments , multiple shipping charges , and hard to find specs on what tip fits what exactly which devices .
i also had problems using the camera feature because of it 's tiny size .
this is for use with the excellent callpod charging system .
it only cost $ 2 . it fit my g1 perfectly and i have no complaints at all .
the earset itself is light enough to work this way .
did not work well with my phone .
most of the capacity is delivered by the 8220 ; halfway 8221 ; indication of two lights .
the button controls on the surface and sides of the unit are not difficult to use . i would not recommend this unit for anyone with smallish ears or large fingers .
it looked very professional and my galaxy s4 screen looks super vibrant and clean .
the only downside to the product is that you must use oem connection cables .
one more plus is that the iphone with the plastic cover still on , still fits inside this case .
the screen is small , though it provides a very sharp image .
she loves being hands free now .
i have full bars with this phone a brick building so i ca n 't complain because the main phone function is to make calls only which is perfect .
who knows what it would do to my actual ipad screen !
unfortunately , these bose earphones use a different shape which may fit some people , but not me .
initially one should be careful about the language chosen for the operation of the phone .
very please with the antenna but had to buy extra adaptor for it to fit my booster .
however , this is a discontinued model and if you want any replacement parts such as ear tips , etc . , be prepared i could n 't locate any parts for this model even from the plantronics people .
i wanted to try it mainly for typing emails .
you need to slip the skin off but you ca n 't get it off entirely because of the size of the hole .
this would be quite handy for a photographer who uses their phone as a geotagging device when taking pictures .
i already tried it and it works by charging my iphone ( i have a 3gs with an otterbox case ) . are there any issues ?
authentic motorola chargers that work 10x better than the generic ones i picked up at two of the big box stores .
the plastic wedge tool is easily damaged .
it 's a lot easier to carry these around without worrying about a cord tangling . the phone interface .
the commuter does n 't have this and after i played with the phone a bit i thought about how great it was and how awful i 'd feel if i dropped it . live and learn ? the case was very easy to put on , feels good in the hand and came with a clear screen cover that went on easily once i viewed the tutorial on 'how to' on the otterbox website .
great case for a great price .
i got this one and looked exactly the same as my oem from sony ericsson .
after a week of drying out , it still works .
i bought this headset to use in while driving .
does not protect the phone at all and leaves little stones all over the place .
this bluetooth headset works great and the only reason that i did not give it 5 stars is because sometimes it takes a little bit to establish a connection with my cell phone .
this one does . the clip ( removable ) also serves as a stand for viewing vertical or horizontal stuff ( like movies ! ) . great ! the removable clip holster evolves a bit from past incarnations , and has two protruding wings on the side i really do not like , and i am not sure what they are for .
it 's similar to holding the phone itself . i was able to comfortably communicate when i was working in a computer room with a lot of fan noise .
i did n 't want to bother with play through cases that hinder the phone 's aesthetics or any type of screen protectors .
was about ready to send my jawbone era back .
i was able to pair it , charge it and use it without using the instructions , it is that easy to use .
also the way to turn on the led flashlight and laser pointer can be a bit confusing .
the price was to good as well . buyer beware , and do the research on the pairing capibilities with your electronic device and this bluetooth .
if you were to put the earbuds in and hold the device in front of you the cable points up .
this case was very inexpensive and shipping was fast .
great case and great price ( under $ 10 ) .
good price and works great for my samsung galaxy s4 , also has a nice blue light indicator love it d
bubbles and other imperfections are generally not visible when display is illuminated but really stand out when back light is off .
motorola quality at a bargin price ! ! i consider this a fantastic buy .
they once again are behaving stubbornly with just another proprietary charger instead of simply using the universal usb that most serious companies use .
i originally bought this cable to transfer files between a lg shine and a computer because my mother 's lg shine phone screen had broken and she unfortunately did n 't save any of her photos on a micro sd card .
the powered external hard drive mostly worked for a couple days and then quit .
there is a good headset out there .
they make a great case and then put their logo in white letters on the back .
some of the other chargers have tiny lights that are only visible from one side .
if you plan on connecting to the internet using this phone and bluetooth you had better get a mongo battery for your laptop because it 's the slowest , laggiest , painfully irritating , useless piece of doggy doo that i have ever had the displeasure of using !
once you let go of the button you move the arm until a solid click is heard and now it is nice and sturdy again . the package came with two holder options .
most purses are heavy enough with all of the stuff necessary or unnecessary , so the icruiser is in the glove box and goes in backpacks during vacations .
i have two big problems with these headphones . firstly is a commentary on headphones in general these days why does the wire have to be covered in this sticky rubbery plastic ?
it feels sturdy and is really convenient , especially when charging my iphone with a laptop .
it 's so great that amazon sold out . . .
i ordered this case and it worked great for its purpose .
but if you want to simply listen to music or talk on the phone , these are great . they have a control button that you can press to mute the sound .
this is helpful for charging in the car on the move .
this perfectly portable usb micro cord is 31 inches from end to end when fully extended . ( so plan on 28 ) it is fairly well designed .
the holster is very easy to use and can be operated with one hand .
i followed the instructions carefully and it still did not work , in fact it seemed to mess with my wifi signal a little .
i was worried of the background noise by the nature of the bluetooth but the audioiq seems to do an excellent job keeping the noise out , not sure how .
all controls were easily accessed and everything on my galaxy note 2 worked fine with the case on it .
if you think that this flashing light thing will bother you , steer clear .
if you are in the market for a good car charger , this is the one .
this is great a portable stand that will hold my kindle at multiple viewing angles .
merchant claimed to have mailed the item , but it never arrived .
i use this on my audi s4 , placing the suction cup not on the windshield , but the plastic piece right in front of the car control 's screen ( which is regressed from the front of the console ) . it has just enough room for the full cup to sit in front of the screen and to the right , so i still have full view of it .
but i need the extra battery life badly enough to put up with it . 2 . fit and finish .
i use a 700w , so despite the other review , this works great with my 700w no issue whatsoever .
works as promised right out of the box . 4 stars for design and operation .
i took a chance and ordered two cables .
after application , and only rubbing the protector with microfiber , it was scratched past the point of no return .
this defeats the purpose of hands free in a car .
my iphone case broke and i ca n 't afford to replace a cell phone so i needed a case immediately .
the metal plate is also too tiny and thick to put between phone and case .
charges my headset , and its always nice to have an extra without paying a ton .
everyone should know that practically , every bluetooth headset works with the ps3 . the reason to buy this one is that it is made specifically for the ps3 and it provides certain features that the 'other' sets do n 't .
however , call quality to the caller , not so good ; i 've heard from many people that i cannot be understood on the call .
the device has developed a strange metallic smell ; this cannot be a good thing .
you would need to download a development driver from motorola and specify a different type of phone ( i think v3m was what i used )
it 's truly a mobile device , not just a phone . oh , the camera pics are ok . . .
this is exactly what i needed for my back pack , the material is perfect and strong .
there 's a built in light and two volume buttons , which are pretty small , but usable .
sound quality is clear on both ends .
other than that love it the clip attaches to purse strap or pants with no issue and holds it perfectly secure .
the screen and speaker are better than any other mobile device around . 3 ) emaill .
works very well , my others had lots of static and noise , this has minimal noise .
the jabra also has no instructions marked on the device . both units have clear and loud sound in and out .
as oem shop , i willing to give it 5 stars for quick action to correct the problem .
sound is good and look is lovely d
i bought this charger because it was the same as the one that came with one of my phones and i liked its form factor as well as the build quality and the quality of the charge cable that came with it .
i ordered 2 of these items and they shipped something totally different , then they shipped the right item but neither of them worked .
what i really did n 't like about this case was 1 ) the way it recesses the controls so they are harder to push , and 2 ) the difficulty with which the case goes on and off the phone .
it took about a month to get the y splitter cables .
i 'm using it to charge mynokia n900 , and it works flawlessly .
no more trying to place my phone in a holder to use the gps .
also charges the phone , so you have a full battery when done using the navigation .
the only minor negative design wise on this particular 3xl version is that the loops are a little too tall . that is , they can accommodate a very wide belt .
as stated this is a sony product in the original package .
the product is extremely light weight and it charges perfectly with any android device with the exception of the nexus devices due to the different input .
i 'm not sure why this happens so frequently but i still believe the jawbone is a superior bluetooth device .
it works great to protect your phone and it looks great as well . my phone is white so it makes the case look like a lighter blue , i think it 's a really pretty color and i love it .
it 's inexpensive and works perfectly with blackberry bold 9900 .
this caused it to blister on the edges which in turn caused dust to buildup and eventually push the protector away from the lcd it was protecting .
she said it 's easy to set on her ear and very comfortable .
still not a fast charge , but fast enough that i can use the phone while charging it .
one night while i was watching tv my husband turned off his headphones and his cell phone 'high jacked 34 ; the dvd player and his music was playing on the tv !
i 've had another bluetooth headset for more than two years .
it 's much easier for the caller to hear me if my phone is perched in the izel . so is it the coolest thing ever ?
every time the phone recognized the griffin charger as a pc usb port , so no much current can be provided from the charger .
i went to monoprice and got some iphone cables for just as cheap but they were very high quality .
it did seem to charge faster than other auto chargers i have used .
it had been washed , soaked jet skiing , dropped , kicked , chewed up by my dog ( twice ) and finally destroyed by me trying to replace pieces without the right screwdriver .
i thought it was a standar cable .
i believe otterbox released this case just a little to soon before working the bugs out .
the monitor is very easy to setup as well as to move from outlet to outlet in the house .
it fits perfectly in the inside zipper pocket of most of my handbags , and i am never without it .
easy to use and worth it cost
i 'm a biker and i bought this to charge my g1 android and or motorola android backflip phone on the road when the batteries died and i had no access to a wall or cigarette charger outlet .
you can charge either the battery , the phone or both .
works well and was not expensive !
plug was a usb but only worked in one phone .
the great reception and durable build quality are what has kept me with nokia phones for almost ten years . the mp3 player sounds great coming through the stereo system on my car , but it does tend to be a little hissy with most earbuds especially any that say designed for iphone . a major exception is thepanasonic rphje120k .
it dose have some scratches on one side of the phone but its every little .
i have small ears and one of my biggest complaints has been that so many of the bluetooth headsets are too big and do n 't fit well .
had to scour the internet for additional drivers for windows 7 .
it came with three ear bud covers , the smallest of which is the best fit for me .
this case is almost perfect for my palm treo 700 . the fit is great .
there is a magnet that holds the flap closed and it 's just strong enough to keep it closed but is n 't annoying . the only downside is that you have to have the case open to charge the ipod .
probably about 300 500mah worth of battery life .
samsung is no longer making phones with this particular type of jack , having gone instead to a more standard mini usb .
i changed my case from the icase slider to this in the morning , and five hours later i tripped with my phone in my hand and scratched up the bottom corner of the phone .
before this i was using the sony h . ear earphones with my bold 9700 to listen to the music stored which which to me was not a high baseline of comparison .
you have to press and hold the touch screen area called unlock .
i could never get it to fit well .
it 's a good product and the rechargeable battery holds a charge when the unit is turned off for a long time .
after trying two other bluetooth headsets before this , i wanted one that people could finally hear me without background noise .
the people on the other end have complained of hearing noise that sounds like wind or hearing a clicking that sounds like i 'm driving over train tracks or a bridge both when i 'm indoors , in room with no windows . a couple of times either the headset or the phone has lost its connection with the other as i 'm placing a call .
debateable whether spending money to buy a few of these $ 0 . 90 cables , or much more on a genuine apple cable , is worth it . . .
as you know the cigarette lighter voltage can vary as low as 12 and as high as 18v , so your output voltage might go above 5v , damaging or at least overheating your handset .
it 's the generic mini usb connection used by many of my phones , my gps , etc . the connector fits snugly onto the the igo cable and fits well into the devices .
the only thing this would do is keep the back of the phone from getting a lot of scratches .
but i found a way to not have to use the ear hook by using one of the multiple earpiece inserts it comes with such that it stays very , very securely in my ear . this has military grade noise cancellation , something you will not find with the majority of other headsets .
i wish it had a call end button on the thing .
either way it works so no complaints here .
peels right off and pops right on . . .
it holds the phone in place wonderfully and it does n 't fall off your belt when it is bumped .
this device works perfectly because its like 2 long .
one plug home or car fits all , 5 stars for a top notch product .
i just cannot live without these ear buds !
this device works fine as long as i limit the connections to two devices .
its a lot better than the ones that do n 't have no indication lights on it .
the headphones work at every part of my house so the distance is pretty good .
the blue glowing motorola logo is neat looking , but also makes the product bigger than needed . . . not a downside just figured i should mention it .
i have one of these chargers that i got at an at t ; corporate store , and one that i bought here from the marketplace seller 11thstreetwireless , so i can do a side by side comparison . buying here , the charger did not arrive in retail packaging , although it is at t ; branded .
however , i 'm getting tired of this series and their stablity with those of us that wear glasses .
like the lit up area to show that it 's plugged in .
any additional connections results in the device getting extremely hot .
i like this bluetooth , due to the qulity and i hear perfectly on it .
they 're also a good size for the charms that go on cell phones or for small thumb drives . another inconsistency maybe different vendors provided different straps , but the ones i received have split rings .
i have trusted otterbox cases for years and i have relied on them .
i 'm amazed a car charger can charge so fast !
i am using this with my palm centro .
but , the data upload and download is faster , so i do n 't mind too much . in sum , if you want the latest and faster verizon mifi , check out the 4620l , which is also offered here on amazon . either way , you ca n 't go wrong .
once i put a case back on the iphone the phone fit snugly in the holster , but i still did n 't feel comfortable knowing that there was no clip or flap on top of the holster to hold the phone in place .
i even removed the little m circle with little or no help .
i liked these units more than the motorola headsets mostly because of the way they fit rather than any sound quality issue .
it depends on the size of your point and shoot camera .
i use the artic all the time , and it comes with its own case and charging cord .
why it 's about a buck cheaper than the droid cable by the same manufacturer and seller is beyond me . it 's a fairly thick cable .
this particular skin did not make my blackberry feel bulky .
i 'm assuming that the electronics in this charger is geared toward motorola only .
this case was a little bulky .
in stores , this item can cost as much as 28 bucks .
i drilled a little hole in the case and it works just fine
feels like it is a solid , quality item , not cheap .
on motorola 's mistake , they sent me a h715 instead .
super cool color and holds my phone junk and is actually a very good quality lil case .
i 'm amazed how real the pleather looks and feels . one of the reviews mentioned that the case was overly tanned and the smell was overwhelming .
real samsung cable is well over a meter long , almost 2 meters .
however , re application can be very tricky without the protective film that was on it when it was new . pros great value , great protectioncons some minor dimming of display .
it will charge a cell phone about 2 . 5 times .
it works as expected , no issues so far and charges my phone pretty fast too in the car compared to the regular usb charger .
first off it is kind of snazzy how it glows blue to let you know it is in and charging .
when on the go it 's so much easier to use this one than the standard cable .
the size and weight make it a comfortable fit for wearing extended periods of time .
and second , much less important to most except those like me , it does n 't capture the ultra low frequency bass sounds that i like to hear .
i got this case in black from the manufacturer , because i could not find it in any color except espresso here .
i feel that this case gave me the protection of an otterbox , only for a cheaper price .
i may purchase a few more of these to give away as data charging cables .
anything that can be usb powered changed works with it .
yes , the combined device is now a bit more expensive than it should have been , but the holder was sunk cost .
it 's also crooked ( see my photos in gallery ) . be careful to grip the connector pin , not the cord . it fits the 4s , transfers data , and charges , but the fit is very tight .
the reason i have to say that is because boxwave has nine different cases on this one listing !
love the options and the case to protect them .
non slip so i can leave it on the dash or seat and does not slide around on turns .
if the button on the back had a slightly more defined edge , it would probably stay on . on the other hand , it did keep both of our phones ( 1 3g 1 3gs ) well protected and looks nice . if only the dang thing would stay on !
i had absolutely no problem installing , and working out the minimal air bubbles .
the device while charging puts off zero heat , it stays at room temperature which i did not expect .
its sturdy , and the tip is more precise than the rubber stylus !
the mesh tip has great accuracy after you learn where the contact is made according to how you personally hold it to draw .
this sim card tray opener is well made , easy to grip , and does n 't bend like the three paperclips i tried !
this one is really good ( although i 've used other plantronics models that were more comfortable ) . this unit plugs into your phone , either into the external jack that some phones have or in between your phone and your handset .
these headphones are perfect for working out , bike riding and anything else that you may do actively .
the razr remains very thin since this case is wellcrafted .
the holster case offers nice protection for the large screen galaxy note 2 . the kickstand is a little flimsy , as my phone was standing on the kickstand it fell off the table to the hard floor right onto its face on day 1 . i just knew the screen would be broken , but it was n 't .
we installed the outside antenna on the roof and the amplifier in the telephone closet and now we have full signal in our offices , which is better than we have in the parking lot .
since it 's a wired unit , there are no batteries to charge and it 's always ready to go .
an error message would appear saying that the file was corrupted .
not sure about rapid since it had no benchmark to compare to but the phone charged to 100 so i 'm happy .
it was what i expected to be and works fine , thought it might have been a larger gauge of wire ?
my moms car could n 't have an upgraded radio ( freaking saabs . . . ) but one of the two positions did n 't work .
i use this adapter for connecting an mp3 player to my car stereo on occasion .
you can use this product to cut a high quality screen protector for anything with a touchscreen .
the sound quality on this device is clear enough to hear in my car with the windows down .
the cheap car charger i bought from ebay were causing electric leak , and drain out car battery overnight , also burn out the car fuse . after review all feedback about this charger , i decide to give it a try , so far it did not cause any more battery drain issue , and work perfectly with my lg and htc thunderbold phone .
the phone gets really warm when charging .
if this fit my phone it would 've been the best product ever because the quality of this thing is very good . seller , if you 're reading this , i deserve a real 8350i blackberry curve screen protector . thanks .
i 've used bracketron before and this is more or less a typical bracketron holder . unfortunately , i need that amps plate .
attempted to disconnect my charging iphone from this cable and it snapped apart .
called motorola tech support , and their best solution is to return and replace it .
if my cell phone and regular bluetooth are in proximity of me while i 'm using this my voice will start cutting out .
the pattern is different than the one in the picture and its a very cheap feeling looking case .
the case has a very nice feel to it and does not show finger prints .
its not as intuitive as i would like ( maybe its just me ) , but as a bundle device , it worksfine .
when entering information into a field on a webpage , the keyboard does automatically come up .
i bought this case because it was very cheap .
this is a device that you must have for changing sim cards in i phones and i bought it and the sim card cutter together and they both work great .
they are also critical for charging your device .
perfect for the quick charge of your phone when there are n 't anyoutlets or usb plugs around .
apple wants $ 20 each for them .
the voltage might differ , but it 'll charge your phone .
i would like to warn those who wear collared shirts !
none of the keys on the keyboard are obstructed , all of the buttons and ports work just fine with this case on .
does not add any bulk to my phone .
the big problem is it makes using the phone so much harder .
i cannot comment on the quality of the case as it does not fit .
i travel , and when i do travel i have to basically unload my office with cords , chargers and calbes .
the sound quality varies , according to where your phone is and the distance from the device , but it works .
they look decent on the cell phone , but forget much more .
well , my number 1 thing is reading while eating .
i purchased this to go in my docking station at home .
anyway , when i plugged it in to charge it for the first time , i noticed that the charger power light lit up green as soon as i plugged it in , but the light went out as soon as i plugged the charger into the unit or the case for the unit .
the microphone does pick up sound perfectly . cons feel a little pinched above ears after wearing it for a while .
pretty excited about how well this little phone case works .
call quality and the speaker phone is very good .
one the screen is moved up to the surface of the phone ( not indented ) . the screen also is smoothed out and extends to the top of the phone .
also the added convenience of a laser pointeris very handy during presentations or product demonstrations .
ever feel like running your phone over to get that darn case off ?
it has some very easy to understand instructions , and comes with cute little cloths , to wipe it .
also right now this case is about 2 weeks in use and shows much wear as far as the clarity of the plastic .
it may be cheap and uses micro usb but it wont work with the phone .
why pay a lot more for a verizon charger when this one will do just fine
this holster fits the bill , and came as described by the seller .
it works well and connects easily .
then you have to press another area to get a touch screen numeral pad .
both externally and internally , whereas many cases , including the popular hard cases for razrs protect only the exterior . a few people have written reviews that the phone does n 't close a swell as it does without the case .
i bought this as a spare cable for an ipad 2 , works as same as any other cable for a fraction of the price .
in fact , it took me longer to get it out of the packaging than it did to set it up .
i actual had to spend some money to get ear molds made for the plantronics 855 . it was a fairly expensive solution to my stereo needs .
this caused my screen protector film to be displaced by this case .
nice package , small and useful with the led light and the laser light as a bonus .
they also make a holster which would work directly over the phone with no case on the phone .
i like the retractable cord so it doesnt have a long cord getting in the way .
i tried keeping my cellphone very close to the headset to no avail .
this is probably one of the best slider phones on the market .
this is by far the best case i have found .
or i could read the manuals and transformers , so i could find or calculate the wattage of the many devices in my house .
this product looks nice and is a very easy way for me to keep my blackberry tour charged all the time at work and home ( i bought two ) . it takes up very little space on my desk , and provides easy access to my tour since it lifts right out of the pod .
it 's voice recognition work far better than my 3 yr old motorola razr . oh the two best features ! ! you can mute it by pressing both vol buttons at the same time .
also the if power is going to the pod the light is on 24 7 which is a little annoying to me as i keep my blackberry near my bed .
to be safe , just order it off amazon 's own online store unless you know the other providers are reputable . the quality of this car charger is quite nice .
so far i 've had to adjust it around in the car charger .
from the front , top , sides and back , the case looks like a perfect fit .
so i was waiting to plug this into my xbox controller so i can finally use a regular headset .
i use mine with my iphone , and switched over from the mac bluetooth .
if i wanted to buy 4 adapters it would cost me about $ 120 . so the charging grid cost about $ 70 and 4 adapters about $ 130 , total price to charge 4 phones around $ 200 . i had a motorola phone that it did work with , but i had to tape the thumb clip to it and found that it was too bulky to carry in my pocket .
i left the small parts on the other side of the stitches which is plenty . not after a couple weeks the fabric on the back is pulling away .
this is hands down the best bluetooth headset i 've ever owned , and i 've owned a dozen or so over the years .
light weight , well constructedbut no volume control , to me , , restrictive !
some people complain about the unusually long button hold to end a call , but i have not had a problem with it .
over the years i have tried so many different brands of headsets and none of them worked like a plantronics .
it does n 't look exactly like the one that came with the phone , but it works the same .
this earpiece was a great idea , but the main issue with it is that it has no noise reduction , and that it begins to crackle too easily when my arm or body part gets in between it and the phone .
it looks good when i use my phone .
the mount does hold the ipod pretty securely , almost too securely because it 's a bit difficult to get it out without taking the mount off the window .
the headset can flash and even vibrate when call 's coming . the headset is amazingly light weight .
my garmin nuvi 660 has better bluetooth audio quality .
tricky , but it can be done . access to the sides is not very easy it 's nice that you can still press the volume buttons , but annoying that you have to mash down hard to flip the unlock switch the opening is too narrow and the skin is too thick .
he could n 't believe that i was using a headset , asked me what i was using , and ordered a blueant immediately !
purchased this battery to extend the life of a phone .
could do without the blue light but not the end of the world .
cellular ) and i was up and running in 1 minute .
i 've tried 6 bluetooth headsets , and this is the first one i can wear with comfort .
one time using the home charger , it was n 't able to play while charging but disconnecting the usb cable to the home charger and reconnecting fixed the problem .
no problem so far , connected to the phone with no problem . .
received the product before the delivery date .
with the extended battery i am able to enjoy all of the phones features without losing power .
a couple drops of super glue and i 'm back in business .
i have also bought a wired stereo headset by mee model m9p .
the new jb is a way better . ok , for the bad .
since it is n 't on a boom it is omni directional .
i took apart the factory stubby antenna and ohm 'd it out .
works on my blackberry torch , mytouch 4g , and htc amaze .
unfortunately , it does not work for this purpose . it does work as a headphone extender , but for that purpose , i have no use as i do n 't use headphones with my iphone . i have not tested with the square credit card reader .
this works great is still in my truck and it charges up all our devices quickly i may add .
bubbles are also difficult to remove from central areas if protector is not carefully applied .
i bought this to see if it would fit my new samsung galaxy s4 with an urban armor gear hard case . . . .
i 'm not fond of all the different types of attachments that it comes with .
i wanted a movable mount that i can take with me when i travel or move from car to car .
also , it 's very easy to accidentally push the laser button ( not that the cats mind ! ) or the flashlight button .
but , i was still worried about protecting my iphone 3g .
and this phone worked out perfectly .
i found that many adapters and power supplies had microsd connectors that were too big to fit into my new samsung s5570 galaxy mini android phone the female plug inside the phone is recessed in such a way that the male connector must have a very slim housing to fit .
great blackberry s m a r t p h o n e 8 5 2 0 at a reasonable cost .
my usbs were very well packed , the craftsmanship is great , they were on time , and most importantly they work .
my fault for not noticing that this only comes with a car charger not very convenient for how we typically charge . no issues with the merchant quickly shipped and delivered just fine .
the fit is also nice when just sing the stock battery .
the ear bob is about 2 3 4 l .
so sensitive , that my peer can not hear me while i walk from a relatively quiet street background noises cover my speech , making the headset useless .
one thing i love about this headset is that its firmware is upgradeable .
works great for a long weekend trip .
the first is a ready light on the 12 v plug end that indicates the charger is plugged into the adapter in your auto ( it does not hurt the battery of my vehicle to keep this plugged in all the time ) . the second light is on the other end ( that attaches to your sony phone ) and can be turned on or off .
whatever size you use , it still really cuts down on your hearing of the world around you on that side .
for the price , you ca n 't beat these protectors .
lack of a pause function is a deal breaker as well as the constant stopping and starting while listening to content .
the boom microphone allows you to swing it open when in use and to swing back to the closed position when not in use . although the volume controls on the device are small , one can become easily acquainted with the controls and can manage to turn the volume up or down with ease .
in addition , the vibrate alert feature is just stupid and useless .
i can then press the single button on the headset and the receiver is lifted , allowing me to receive the call . when the call is done , i press the single button again and the receiver hangs up . it 's about as simple as conceivably possible . the install instructions were however less than perfect .
where you mainly use your blue tooth is when you need to be hands on the wheel . . . driving . if your bt is down on battery charge , this is handy .
the mount stays on the dashboard and everything is fine .
but you can no navigate or flick the screen .
i get a pressure on the top of my ear lobe but it is not tight against the bottom of my ear lobe . the next thing i noticed was the sound quality , it is not great but adequate .
for me , it 's a matter of productivity ; i could easily justify the expense .
not bad , i had one of the knock off brands of this , chicago tools one from harbor freight and this was about the same in accuracy except it obviously has all the features of storing all the data on how much total electricity that devic you plugged in used and estimated cost based on the cost per kw you enter in .
the usb is very good also fast shiping
they might be doable as a kitchen set to which you can beam some internet radio or something .
this does not have any of the fancy features , like caller id ( number or name ) , fm transmitter , etc .
i had n 't thought that would be an issue until i bought a comparable maxell cassette adapter at long 's to replace the coby ca 747 . the volume with the maxell product was very weak , and i had to turn it way up .
so rather than look around for my cellphone charger i now look around for a bulky disc , not really more convenient .
they lasted a week or so , and immediately started to fall apart botha t the base o the wire , and at the metal part .
it 'd be nice if it doubled as a usb to bt dongle for the pc , but oh well . it 's a lot smaller than i thought it 'd be .
but , when you put on , you can swivel the mic . the noise canceling is so so .
the pink was not a selling point , but i preferred that to a more common black contraption , and i 'm not at all disappointed .
i moved the low power antenna further away from the high power antenna and tried again .
thoughest and best car charger i had till now
my friends are surprised to find i 'm talking through a headset when i use it . i love the on off switch .
as i was leaving the store i was on amazon . com lookin for a replacement soi could return the $ 30 charger to the store once my shipment arrived .
the slvr has worked well for this .
it sounds very much like the first generation of digital cell phones .
the cord is long and charges my phone fast .
the earpieces do n 't go as far into the ear as my etymotic earlpugs , so i have to use the wire hook it came with to stabalize it .
i found that it rode high on my waist and dug into me when i sat down .
only recently has the left earbud started to cut out with motion which renders them relatively useless for any activity involving such .
first , i agree with another reviewer that it 's not so friendly to love handles .
the controls on the earpiece took a little getting used to at first , but i have no problem now .
the small , thin form factor is great .
i hear better , and the other party hears me better .
what do you expect for a penny per item ?
it fits too loose in the socket and the wire has to be wiggled and held in position for a constant charge .
by the end of the workday , the mophie is usually discharged but the phone is at 100 . this is more important now that 3g is finally available in our area .
we also have issues in the center of the house when we are away from windows .
i have this same error when using a generic 12v car charger with the ipods . my droid would not charge but again it was a cable problem .
not as sturdy as the defender , but definitely more user friendly .
this is not a big deal as the wire does not get in the way during my cardio workout , only my weight lifting workout . also , it takes a little practice getting these on your ears . . .
it is disappointing because it was a great looking case .
when the charging port for my blackberry 8320 stopped working i decided to purchase this external charger along with another brand .
the battery is a good quality and the phone charges well with it .
thankfully , i discovered this charging pod for it as an alternative way to charge the battery .
works well and is of good quality .
i love the way the keyboard and trackball move .
whenever i moved , the motorola headsets wiggled and made me feel as if they were about to fall off .
this is very useful but any idea of getting more than one full recharge on a smart phone is not realistic .
the sound quality is very good . on the downside , it 's loose in the ear .
i do n 't think this thing is really 950mah .
etc . . good entertainment phone , better than samsung upstage . .
for whatever allen funt reason , this ! ! ? ! ! thing resets to the lowest audio setting all by itself .
its a snug fit , i did n 't think it was going to fit but it does and charges syncs my evo 4g no problemo )
disadvantage , of course , is that moving around or going to a 34 ; better 34 ; location to improve signal quality does nothing when on the bluetooth connected landline phone handset as the cell phone is what is getting the actual signal and is stationary .
the only negative would be that the lip going around the screen is n 't that raised , so i 'm not sure of the level of protection for the screen if dropped .
great if you just want something to listen to while walking around or exercising so take it for what it is and not an audiophile headset lol . that aside , this headset 1 digs into the top of ur ears ( plastic with no padding ) 2 has bad audio quality3 has good button set , once u get used to it4 has decent battery life , at least a day of listening to music .
if you are looking for very good quality audio , i would suggest looking elsewhere , perhaps at a more expensive jawbone or something .
this really makes a difference as far as daily use as they are very comfortable and convenient once you get used to the pressure of the headphones pushing into the sides of your head .
i got one for my husband and brother for their bluetooth .
i dropped my phone with this case on and even though it does n 't cover the front , it protected the back of my phone really well .
this head piece was too bulky for my liking .
i checked my order next day , had this weird message order revisionorder placed october 08 , 2005 at 10 35 pm pdtopen order your order revision requiredhas not approved you for any phone and service plan packages .
a perfect charging pod for the blackberry tour .
i have a very nice bluetooth headphset with a power connector that is simply not accessible by the cable unless i charge it unfolded .
although the most comfortable headset i have ever worn , no one could hear me unless it was angles juuuuust right on my face .
they are extremely short and have the big head to it .
a few complaints from the other end when they have occasional trouble hearing me , but usable . one odd disadvantage is the bulky power supply which connects via the sony standard connector which is bigger than the earbud it plugs into !
also , it only comes with devices for phones that do not fit my phone .
my phone is also in a form fitting case that i keep in this pouch and it fits fine .
even with nothing plugged into it .
i bought two of these because i have a gopro camera and wanted to charge both camera and the battery at the same time without using two plugs .
i find sim cards outdated though , they are massive compared to micro sd cards and yet they hold next to no information when compared . the only reason sim cards are good is because they go in gsm phones and if you unlock your phone you can cart it off to another service provider without issue .
i have one in yellow and black , and both look sharp .
it charged the blackberry ( 35 100 ) within an hour with 3 bars left on the battery .
it 's flexible but like the gel kind , and it looks great .
only wish would be for about 6 more inches of cord my lighter is just far enough away that when i get a call , i have to remove the charger to talk on the phone or , use a headset .
it gives off a nice glow to show that it is getting power and also charging .
this covers up the ear piece .
this vehicle charger is a must have . .
great for wearing in the car during long drives .
maybe i just talk louder than everyone else . )
i have a blueparrott , but i keep forgetting to turn bluetooth on , or it is paired with something else so i 've been wishing for a wired headset with noise cancelling ability for a long while .
the date stamp on the batteries indicate they are only a few months newer than my old batteries .
i had no idea it featured an led flashlight ; evena laser pointer .
also if you drop it facing down on the screen , it will prevent it from getting scratched . the only drawback to the case is the white rim around the edge wo n 't stay white .
this case is very comfortable in the hand and just feels right .
needed for a gen 1 iphone because of the silly reassessed headphone jack .
pulling both ends will release the cable , pulling one end will retract the cables .
an extra bonus is a separate port for to use as a usb charger .
first off i like the color !
it is a perfect fit with the antenna on the treo 600 or 650 .
read the next words carefully , item fits perfectly ! ! ! it is high quality too ! ! ive bought screen protectors from target , 5below , and best buy .
otherwise , it is a great lil accessory for the bb 8530
bb chat is nice if you know others with blackberries .
not good to leave plug in at all times .
this does n 't have cutouts for the buttons , instead it has well designed buttons of its own molded into the case that push on the phone 's buttons .
i can fit my iphone 16gb in here no problem , even with a silicone skin on it .
love the bright blue led and the charger works flawlessly with my galaxy s4 . i will probably purchase another one soon .
there 's no mute function , which my plantronics plt510 has .
did nothing for the rest of the house .
no more fumbling for my phone .
the volume switch and mute slider work well and it has lasted for some time .
it did n 't register any kwh or any any $ for these items .
im sure later models will have this feature . bt connection problems .
i tried putting my galaxy s4 in the case and it kept popping out .
i 'm definitely buying 2 more to recycle my other cables ! the little tassel is a brilliant idea , as my wifes phone still uses mini usb , and i use micro .
the led flashlight is a nice added touch and the laser pointer is great when making presentations .
nice case for a low price .
best noise reduction headset on the market . only complaint is that my headset disconnects from my phone about 5 times per day with no explanation .
i knew when i bought this case pouch that the pouch would be too big for my cell phone .
i know that they made a big difference in my older phones that had physical antennae 8217 ; s which needed to be pulled out of the phone .
charges everything i throw at it .
according to my approximate estimates , this charger charges nexus 4 completely ( starting with no charge left ) within 2 hours 45 minutes and there will still be almost half the charge left in the charger 's battery pack .
the good it 's a micro usb cablethe bad it 's not what 's pictured .
the retracting piece eventually broke , so i decided to get a new one .
you get lots of staticy noise if the phone is more than 2 feet from the earpiece and in a direct line of sight .
i resolved both to my satisfaction by judicious application of some carefully placed strips of duct tape , and now it 's fine .
it is easy to slip the case on and off my phone in case i need to access the battery , sd or sim cards . a couple of small gripes .
it 's very frustrating and my plantroncs was awesome about staying connected re connecting . volume does n 't go up quite enough .
i 'm talking enough to provide a balance fill .
it 's a car charger it sits in my console , out of sight , barely touched most of the time .
i carry this in a pouch on my belt , and the pressure of the pouch was turning it on when it was in it .
maybe when the newness wears off , it 'lldo better . o the pop port is a pain ; also , they should have put it on the topor bottom . o transferring pictures , music and application using the pop portis a breeze .
i tested it out on my ipod touch and it seemed to charge this up as quickly as when i used the apple charger .
i just do n 't like the rounded shape because i was always bumping it and siri kept popping up and it was irritating .
with the case on it is about 3 and 1 2 inches . i have had a lot of difficulty finding the right bluetooth device .
this is my third fourth plantronics headset . this one bought for dual pairing with my lt and my cell phone . ( iphone ) . it works fine with both . i am subtracting marks for the followinga ) changing charger designs .
these tools worked just fine for me however if your repairing the di2 youll need the little scredriver and this doesnt have that but the pry tool definitely works good guys and the star tools here are magnetized adn that comes in handy so i recommend these guys . )
dual usb port charger works well sometimes i have problems with these things because they do n 't work well with certain products .
i am not big sound guy , but i think they sound great .
i can tell it to shut off that 's about it .
for the price it should have come with the oem charger and cable .
this audio cable is great for in the car . . .
i am returning this unit to amazon and will look at the jabra bt500 ( read good reviews about it in ear position usb charging ) . by the way , i used this with my blackberry 7100g , good syncing and quick connection .
i 'm getting almost 3 charges before the itorch needs to be recharged .
i used this cable mainly for use in the car .
for much less money you get the exact same performance . update september 28 , 2010 just bought this elsewhere on amazon for $ 7 . 00 with no shipping charge for prime members .
if i wear it for more than a few minutes , i actually get sore both on the outer and inner ear ( where the earbud fits ) , and switching earbuds has n 't helped .
the worst aspect of the phone is the poor battery life .
no problem pairing with my samsung phone .
remember the ipod fiasco ? but , it 's the sound , baby !
phone case was exactly what i was hoping for and then some .
i wish the blue light reader had some sort of marking on the actual device , but i 'm not complaining as i able to recharge my phone about 4 times before having to recharge the icurve .
however , i was amazed at the discovery 925 , the calls are very clear and less people tell me that i sound like i 'm sticking my head in a wind tunnel .
yea they sound great , the bluetooth signal is awesome crystal clear with no hiss or pop or fading in an out .
as this battery has a standard usb port it can charge anything that uses a usb charge .
it lasted for about two year until a capacitor blew out .
this is a good product that works
soft tpu case slips right on and can easily removed again for washing .
the battery charges fast and it charges my iphone 4s and ipad ( original ) fast . 5 star .
given my experience with tenqa products ( i recently gave a pair of their bluetooth headphones one star ) i was n 't expecting very much of this speaker set , and i was right .
if you connect it when your battery is under 15 the low batt warning on the phone starts going crazy and you will see as if the charger is connected and disconnected many times .
all in all a good case
after using a low end jabra bluetooth for the past year , this plantronics voyager is so welcome !
if you want to use the gophone plan and have an unlocked cell phone , this is the way to go .
so do not expect to get much more traction on your nexus 4 with this case . also , it pulled up my screen protector a lot .
i tried this headphone in an office environment where we can make phone calls from our pcs . when listening to streaming music and news these headphones were great .
it 's absolutely essential on plane flights , long days at the beach , etc .
no it is not real leather , but who cares ?
new trent makes outstanding products and i highly recommend not only this charger , but any of the others that fit into your budget .
setting it up for the k1m is time consuming .
no one has been able to tell my why this is happening . second , the reception and volume of the phone are horrible .
i bought this battery as a replacement for a weak battery in a blackberry 8800 . it was purchased from the amazon merchant webtreo .
the sound quality is surprisingly really good ; the music comes through clear and crisp .
when deciding to spend $ 100 on a bluetooth earpiece , you have expectations that you wish to be met .
cell phone accessories vary tremendously in price for products that are pretty much the same .
unless you have a very narrow face , chances are this will happen to you and you 'll blame it on the bluetooth ! to fix this , get either neoprene tubing or that sticky foam on one end ( mole skin ) and cut a small piece and put on the hinge near the boom then a smaller piece ( if needed ) on top of the other .
although the plastic looks and feels like very cheap plastic and as if were to fall it 'd come apart easily ( mine has yet to fall ) , this is a nice idea of having a ac ( home ) and dc ( on the road ) charger for your kindle or such . keep in mind though you need a tip that 's appropriate for your device .
i kept it in my pocket so it would be on standby , in contact with my phone .
i have to spend extra time trying to snap it together because it does n 't just close on its own like with a magnet . the case also had marks inside under two of the stitches and shows mark on the patent leather as soon as i run anything slightly against it .
its very simple stick it on and go . . . i broke my clip on my mc50 holster and this was a great replacement !
i have a iphone 4s with the mophie case and this works perfectly . the suction is amazingly strong and the arm is stable because my phone does n 't have a seizure when i hit bumps on the road . this is a great buy .
its the same as the original car charger that comes with motorola phones .
i bought the in vehicle booster and also got a dc ac converter so i could use it in my office .
it has great audio isolation and decent sound quality .
this case works great , have dropped the iphone many times , on hard surfaces and it has protected it every time .
this is my fifth battery from satech ( my first white battery ) and i like it so much . . .
i hope that was a fluke or they have improved that part of the build . overall , really like this headset and its versatility .
the overall physical design is excellent .
the quality of this was spot on .
i recently purchased this device to replace my stitchway iphone charger and can say that it has been one of the better addons to my phones i have purchased .
its in immaculate condition and looks great .
it has a really rich look to it .
these are the most comfortable earbud earphones that i have ever used and i just stumbled on to them by accident because they were on sale at costco for $ . . . . ear fit is snug , comfortable and blocks more noise than some of so called noise canceling headphones .
it is a great design with a great feel .
once that was worked out however , everything has been perfect . the only thing that i cannot easily do is pick up parked calls as there is no function to select a line .
it is possible to find some of these cables that are only set up to charge the phone , not to carry data .
i can access my battery and memory chip in my camera with ease as the wrap is attached to the tripod mount .
there is no clip on the back , so this wo n 't hook to a belt or the outside of a purse , but this case will definitely keep your blackberry safe inside your purse or pocket . ana mardoll
it is indeed oem and works great .
well , it 's a single button , and it 's used to perform multiple functions .
if you 've been reviewing bluetooth headsets , you 've probably heard it all .
i charged it up like the instructions said to do , and wow .
i came across the new trent easypak and my problems were solved .
this case also has a belt loop in addition to the belt clip .
that lightness can feel like looseness but it actually is very secure .
after reading the various reviews , i got this car charger for my samsung galaxy s phone and it charges wonderfully .
i decided to try the dual charger because , although i really like the itorch charger ( made by the same manufacturer as this product ) , i constantly need to charge both my phone and ear pieces i figured the dual charger would fit my needs better .
also , the led on mine is neon blue when no battery is inserted and a bright pink when charging .
picture is misleading does n 't have the 3 stripes you 'd need for the iphone only 2 stripes .
the earbuds that came with it were completely worthless , and i have now broken the last earloop .
has a hole in the bottom for paranoia checks ( lol ! ) . easily worth five times what i paid for it .
thanks satechi for a great and useful product !
there are two different tools included ( 5 of each ) . the shipping time was tolerable considering the price of the item .
might look into the more expensive sound id units to see if the microphone quality issue gets addressed .
works really well just like advertised and whatnot .
i was a little skeptical about this little 'headset phone' since it seems to me that it 's basically just a phone without a speaker or mic .
the wire connection somehow developed a shortage and i was always jiggling the wire to reestablish power .
the suction cup is good holds well even in high heat states like mine !
when jogging you have to keep your device strapped to your arm which is not a big deal and the headset works good .
it is very difficult to remove .
one small , minor issue is that the light plug end occasionally pops out of its own volition after a warm cold weather swing , but the blue light is bright enough so you notice when it goes out .
not a bad cable for such a low price .
looks plasticky jelly . but when i put it on my note , i realized the benefit of having high grip sides .
then i use the micro usb sync cable that came from my phone to go from the output of this charger to my phone .
do i have to turn it over to find thisbutton for this feature and that button for that feature ?
i think the total price of $ $ 3 . 13 was a great savings compared to how much the retailers that sell the mobile phones charge anywhere from $ 10 $ 20 . ms_thrifty has done it again !
the auto pairing when powered off and on works quickly and without a hitch .
i did fear cingular 's merger with at t ; since i had at t ; years ago and their reception was terrible . i 'll never go back to nextel as they do not appreciate their customers and their motorola products do not have bluetooth except blackberry .
every morning , i replace the battery and the head set stays charged all day long .
mine broke after 2 months of usage . horrible customer service when dealing with blueant for warranty repair . conclusion for something that costs this much , i would expect it to be higher quality .
the stickiness seems to work so far , as long as you screw in the suction cup enough .
there is a few 10ths of a second lag that makes every one seem like they are in a badly dubbed bruce lee movie .
it holds my phone to the dash , and the bottom does n 't even have any of that sticky residue you would expect .
it comes with a soft bag case , but i find i never use those . occasionally the led or the laser would turn on , in my pocket , but the good thing is they auto shutoff after about 30 seconds . after about 3 weeks of use , my device would not charge anymore .
the bluetooth connector that came with it will not connect .
it was my mistake when ordering this product for the replacement of myscreen on my android thunderbolt .
for me though , i wanted the charger to be able to connect my phone to my car stereo via bluetooth and did n 't want to drain my phones battery on long drives .
the ear buds are bright , colorful , and whimsical but . . . . they wo n 't stay in the ear .
i already exchanged the jabra adapter once .
i have to make sure i use minimum bending radiuses or else i feel like i will snap it in half . i also seem to get some 60hz hum if i leave any of the extra cord laying around behind my tv .
i am also amazed how quickly it charges the phone .
i use one of the usb to micro usb cords i have lying around to charge it and also have the short one that was included just in case . i 've used it to charge an iphone , ipod touch , nexus s 4g , and an htc evo 4g .
overall , i am extremely happy with the purchase , especially for so cheap . and just fyi this is for the at t ; ( i777 ) , or international ( i9100 ) galaxy sii . this will not fit sprint , t mobile or the at t ; galaxy sii skyrocket phones .
this sim is an excellent product to have with you and your unlocked quad band gsm phone when you travel abroad . the coverage is extensive ( 170 countries ) , no fees , no surcharges , no minimum charges , no taxes , no line maintenance fees . just keep it and use it when you need to .
the nokia garmin bundle works perfectly driving around and this 's almost like a dream only 5 years ago .
adds just enough gain to work great .
spring , get on board with gsm already .
shipping was quick and it was super easy to get working .
plantronics seems to make the best ones i 've tried including jawbone , motorola and samsung . update august 2008 i am now using the blueant z9i and am happier with it mainly because it has better noise cancellation .
can charge any device provided you have the proper usb cable .
it works perfectly for my samsung epic 4g .
price of this was good , and it works just like the original .
the original battery was only 1800mah and was no longer holding a charge .
now i can grip on to the phone without compromising the thin , sleekness of the samsung s4 . i love the flush design around the power and volume buttons , it keeps the buttons uncovered and easy to access yet difficult to accidentally hit .
but the background noise amplification is self defeating , and for that reason , i ca n 't recommend this headset .
i found an 8gb card to be adequate for photos , music , etc . the pros are size , keyboard and screen , but everybody else already covered that .
device is solidly built , packs a big charge for such a small device and i like that i can use my own single micro usb cable to charge the device and use the device to charge my phones and other devices .
works great with my moto q .
i mainly got this to connect the iphone to the receiver in the car .
nothing about the packaging or the battery as delivered by the seller would lead me to believe that the battery i received was not an oem blackberry battery .
i 'm now back to the wired headset .
i bought this for traveling to charge two phones .
so far , i have n 't had any problems when charging my headphones with this cable .
it is easy enough to get up and running without even reading the instructions . i did scan them . my verizon lg phone found it easily .
the ring is about 1 4 inch in diameter .
it has loads of features like alarms and calanders and everything else you could think of .
it 's a great bt headset for your cell phone ( paired mine with my nokia 5800 phone in a jiffy ! ) . very ergonomic and light weight !
i have also used it on a plane on the tray table to watch a movie .
ends are well constructed and tight to the cable .
keep in mind that the blue light can be very distracting when driving at night .
in other words they are genuine blackberry parts and work perfectly fine for blackberry 8900 's and storms both of which now sport the new micro usb connector . 5 5
there is no use using the call function in anything but the quietest settings .
was working on my daughter 's xbox 360 , an older model without the hdmi out .
just turn on the ikross , go the setting on the iphone and turn on bluetooth .
they came in black as in the second picture .
no snags , no grabs , no scratching , no rubbing ; just ultra smooth performance and accuracy .
i suspect that the bold may also have a been a consideration when designing this pod . the charge pod does not come with the charge plug wire .
it 's not as convenient in my opinion , as i have to remove it to charge the bluetooth headset , and i have some concerns about how secure the headset is using the lanyard .
but given that all of these rechargeable devices come with their own chargers and one can buy a 6 outlet power strip with surge protection for less than $ 10 , i 'm not seeing the true value here .
this is better than my old bluetooth headset that is a few years old but then again technology in general keeps getting better .
i was n 't pleased with the way it handled at all i have better control with my fingers .
i like the idea that it light up doing the charger process .
consider the required replacement back for the pixi is cheap and fails to meet the quality of the phone .
all and all , this is a great choice for a handsfree set to be used with a mobile phone .
once or twice a month you need a smaller screwdriver than your always handy six in one .
there is about 1mm of rubber that is proud looking at the screen from the side .
i was able to use the retractable type cable for a few months before they quit working .
the speed at which this device charges my phone has been very impressive .
the case is hard plastic , but the finish does not scratch and does not display any fingerprints or scuffs .
best of all is its outstanding ability to hold a charge for a long time .
this headset is comfortable and has good styling but barely lasted past the warranty period before people could no longer hear you when you talk . .
i have two usb power adapters now i can charge 6 items from this one unit !
much better than the blackberry headset and i can tell you the bb headset is n 't bad . i use these with two devices , my blackberry and my ipod touch . works flawless while talking and listening to music too . when i 'm benchpressing though and the weight rod touches the toggle button it can be annoying but these are perfect in every other way . p
on the other hand , it makes unplugging the cable from the dock if you 've got an audio cable in the dock as well difficult for my fat fingers . i recommend shopping around if you want to order more than one , though .
the sound quality is amazing , except for the lows .
it is more difficult to slip in and out of my jeans pocket because it is a bit rubbery , but on the upside you wo n 't lose grip of your phone with this case , ever .
i got agreement from motorola to replace the headset under warranty a month ago , and shipped it back and still not headset .
like others have said here , the screwdriver set is solid and good quality and will last forever .
the 855 has some of the usual bluetooth issues , sporadic poor audio quality for the person i am calling .
absolutely served both my purposes a loud two phone bluetooth headset that automatically connects to our cellphones when we arrive home . loud and clear sound when watching youtube or amazon instant videos with an older laptop phone tablet etcthe line in helps when using devices that lack bluetooth ! have n 't used it with the battery much at all , just tested once that it works .
this new jb is very comfortable .
the headset volume can be increased even though the phone 's media volume is at its max .
so , i am going to say these headphones do not hold up to perspiration .
one caution though , if you have a dvd player that can access bluetooth be careful .
it also works on my tablet .
the customer service representative was also great , and i could n 't have picked a better caring company .
i was originally looking at the new smaller jawbone and then started to read various reviews on the jawbone which were mixed .
the sound garbles badly and the battery runs out within an hour .
i purchased this thinking ( for some stupid reason ) that it was a special tool for removing the sim card .
this case is perfect , the shiny black is just what my girlfreind was looking for , looks sturdy enough to last forever , and there is mini pockets inside the cover , verry nice thanks
only negative is that during daylight it is hard to see whats on the screen .
the two additional functions of having a laser and led light on the same easy use button are also great for utility , and the fact that the battery is n 't turned on on first press means the battery would n 't accidentally be turned on in a bag .
as long as my bold still has power , hooking this charger to my bold does n 't give me more run time .
a mistake ! ! ! the fit , wrapping around the back of the neck and pulling on the ears , drives me crazy .
i just received my headset , and charged as instructed . .
they will also hear a lot of background noise .
even though the package and description stated there was no adhesive , there certainly was a white backing too remove and place on dash . i felt the item was very thin , and to the touch not sticky at all .
it is quite difficult to put on and off the belt , and i 'm pretty sure the clip will break very soon .
however i saw several reviews on the shield and liked the photos .
not sure if this is a knock off or the real deal , but the charger does the the lg logo on it .
also , there is space on the sides where the phone is not covered , so the phone can still be open to dirt , water , or anything else .
the sound quality is decent and is comfortable to wear .
note if you want a y splitter for car or home charging for this , you have to use model p000 , not the one that comes up on a search , because you need a splitter with 2 mini usbs ( one for your phone , one for the headset ) . only had it one day , so ca n 't comment on the other issues .
good to use with the htc .
i paid $ 3 . 28 for the second batch .
they work great and do what they should .
perhaps that will render it less susceptible to breakage , but it does make the phone a little harder to remove and install .
had a difficult time pairing this item with my phone .
the incase and others are 2 3 times more expensive .
the bt620s is a fine little gadget .
the elago stand is awesome , what a great idea .
with most phones , you can leave a charging appendage left stuck in the appropriate port , but with the iphone , it means that you have to remove the case in order to set the iphone on a dock or sync it to your computer .
installation was easy and looks stylish .
and 4 . the edges are rounded , unlike corzip .
working on a assembly line , i ca n 't have any wires in my way .
it 's very touch responsive and well meaning , but do n 't quite hold up with the resistant drag of the rubber tip .
i could write five times faster using graffiti , but my palm died and alas , palm no longer sells anything but phones .
i charged it for about 3 hours before checking the battery level .
it hurt the back of the ears so bad and that when i notice i have blister .
what a rip off for just a cable .
the sticky tab will not clean off the protective covering w out scratching it .
awesome charger at an awesome price .
my wife did not like this headset as much as her old 510 no one really uses blue tooth headsets anymore though , i stopped once i got my iphone .
then boy oh boy this cable does that .
worked great at first charged my droid bionic quickly without any issues .
even though that is a great protection for the iphone , that makes the phone look too big .
the only bad thing was the memory card came with some music samples folders on it which i could not delete .
i feel also that these headsets are far better than any bluetooth because in a bluetooth you can only hear the person in one ear , while here you can hear them crystal clear in both !
the fact it goes 10 hours on 4 aa rechargeable batteries is by far the greatest advantage it has ( no built in batteries to deal with ) . the four speakers it has produce a firm noticeable bass ( will shake glasses on the table it is sitting on ) yet the fidelity at its highest volumes is amazing . why motorola has not updated this speaker is a mystery . bluetooth connection is rock solid .
convenient size and works great for my galaxy s3 . i really like the blue light that lets you know the power is truly connected .
the biggest issue i have is being able to hear through the earpiece .
one thing i really like is that its output amperage ( 1000ma ) is twice that of most computer usb outlets ( which are 500 ma ) and even a bit more than most ac wall chargers ( which are 850ma ) . i suppose most people do n 't notice this , but this definitely makes a difference in charging time .
also , the price was great at only $ 39 . 99 at the time .
i was so glad to find this cable at a reasonable price .
putit in the leather box with is bulky for most pockets but carries an auxiliry battery , the other choice is to carry it loose in the pocket .
the power outlet is on the floor , lousy location .
no more switch microphone necessary to turn on and off to connect each time , and voice quality ease of use could not be better .
i bought this case because of the descriptions and the price .
on the other hand , i love the ability to listen to my mp3 player and use my phone with the same headset .
so far , the products i have purchased under their name have been of modest quality , but durable . this cable is 32 inches long , somewhat shorter than cables offered by others such as tripp lite .
not slippery , but still slides in my pocket easily .
time will tell ( and i will update this review ) , if this tell tale sign proves ominous or benign ( hence the 4 stars ) . note the micro usb differs from the mini usb .
oh well , not bad for a $ 2 . 50 purchase .
it requires force to insert and remove and i 'm afraid of damaging my phone 's pins .
it fit just fine into my phone and it seems pretty sturdy .
it connects just fine to all apple devices i own ( iphone 3gs , 4 , various ipod nanos and minis ) . however , the ac part of the charger eventually failed after about 2 years of moderate use .
protects the screen real well he has no problems using his touch screen with this on .
its also really easy to set up and use .
the velcro closure is a little worrisome ( velcro tends to grip less over time ) but i have to give this product 5 stars for solid construction wearability .
also with the fitting earpieces you can run volume much lower and without outside noise . the only reason it did n 't get a 5 star is because of having to purchase another set of earpieces . update would not order this unit .
ever been bitten by an elephant ?
i will have to try the other ear adapters .
the added bonus to this one is that it charges the phone a lot faster than standard chargers .
but it fails at it 's main purpose consistently charging the iphone 3g . it was very haphazard .
but this new one has issues holding pairing with a blackberry 8700g , and has significa n 't voice static unless the blackberry is on the same side of my body as the headset , and not in the holster .
i 've had the skinomi for my pre on for a month and it still looks brand new .
the only things i do n 't like is that it attracts everything so every piece of fuz or hair is stuck to it and the phone fits a little loose in it .
the lenght is relatively short , but that is why i bought the wire because i wanted to reduce wire clutter .
product feels good and has a nice grip .
the pack is nice and compact .
the quality of this cable is a lot better than the price suggests .
i have read here some complains regarding the inability to connect to internet .
some even do not fit well in socket , and some i had to position the charger to charge the phone .
i tried every ear adapter every way possible .
each half is about 1 inch deep .
it looks very sturdy and was a good buy .
i 've purchased a small portable charger that goes into the computer bag i travel with .
the ipod battery charged to full bars , and there was still 3 bars left on the gum pro battery pack . the only negative comment i have is that the detents for the on off switch are weak nonexistent , so the battery pack can turn itself on off by accident .
this small battery backup charger easily fits into the palm of my hand and is not bulky in my pocket .
charged it for whole day , put in the phone still have no juice .
for me , quality is second i need _loud_ ! my main wish is for someone to come up with something that produces much higher wattage and runs on a 6 volt lantern battery .
the mute switch is in a convenient place and has a nice clip to attach to your shirt .
for tapping icons it is good , for drawing it 's pretty good and i 've seen some incredible pieces of art come out of using it . i was hoping it would be like the old palm stylus , fine point and really easy to do text entry .
however , investing in a secondary case is cost prohibitive , especially when the start up costs are already pretty high .
this case is perfect fit is great great protection .
pulled it out and the product smelled burnt .
small shops with microsoft exchange and loose anti spam settings probably wo n 't have problems like this .
this one after a few weeks slips off of my belt and is made from cheaper vinyl .
what ? because neither you nor the person at the other end of the phone can hear you ( and everyone really thinks you 're nuts .
the voice and sound quality are top notch .
and your electric fans . . . and running water . . . they all make reception horrible .
i got this to replace the stock antenna that came with the booster .
both cingular verizon stores offered replacements batteries that cost almost as much as the phone did new .
nice grip quality without being sticky , and comfortable molded texture .
this belkin case is very shiny on the back , and really does pop with color , but i will say this same shininess also makes the case a bit slippery , and i can see accidentally dropping this or having it slide off of a flat surface .
these earphones work really well however i cannot give them a 5 because the right one already stopped working on me so i can only isten from one ear so its rather dissapointing
it would be nice if it had an on off switch .
it allows for two email accounts to be used simultaniously , not to mention the phone also has wifi .
the mechanism that allows it to retract is not working and as a result its always on . when i went to amazon to return it , it would not let me return saying the last date to return had just passed and there is some vague language about partial credit etc . so i opened a warranty ticket with blueant .
this is way too big to carry in a pocket ( unless it 's a big jacket pocket .
in fact , it 's the perfect travel accessory by allowing you to take your media with you on the ipad so you do n 't have to worry about hauling around dvds or other movies for the kids . honestly , we 've upgraded to using theapple digital av adapter ( mc953zm a ) for the ipad 2 since most of the tvs we use now have hdmi ports .
that is to say , there is a small amount of play in the slider parts . of course , there has to be some play for parts to slide under different temperature conditions . i do n 't find this a problem .
my only complaint is that the over the ear pieces are very hard uncomfortable there are several sizes but after a couple of hours , all earpieces are terribly uncomfortable ( and i am someone that has worn over the ear headsets for 10 years ) . i finally switched to the over the head attachment , which has a nice , padded earpiece and it solved the problem .
laser and led light same cable for my android phone is used to charge the itorchcons none at allthe itorch is a great every day accessory for anyone with a cellphone or a tablet who finds themselves always running low on battery power when a wall charger is not accessible . where i work i can not plug in my smart phone and find it running low on battery life by 3pm .
it easily connects to my phone every time i turn it on .
the diminutive size sets these headphones apart . at the gym these are great headphones because there is so little to hang from you or move around .
product works great with my itouch .
the more you move the more your audio cuts in and out .
i have never had a bluetooth headset before the 510 . i use it with a motorola i870 nextel phone .
it is exactly what i needed , i am a truck driver and some of the trucks only have one outlet , i have a gps and use my phone for traffic app so i needed two outlets .
this battery pack has been great ensuring when traveling my phone stays charged .
since bb battery does not last too long , i plug in my bb car charger into my bb every time i 'm in my car .
i found its durability is far greater .
with my old bluetrek and even the jabra , my hair hid most of it , which for me is a plus , as i do not use bluetooth headsets to impress people or get atttention ; i do n 't want peoples attention and questions . which is this headsets only drawback it has this huge , blue orb like light on it that takes up the whole front of the piece .
there is no way to cancel out background noise lest your own voice be considered to be background noise .
not a big deal , overall it 's a fairly snug fit .
however , the material on the tip seems very durable and i 've noticed no wear after about two weeks of probably 45 minutes per day use .
this my second plantronics discovery 925 . the first would not charge and i sent it back .
fits well , seems rigid enough to prevent some damage , and the kickstand is a nice touch .
wearing the in the ear design , i could hear well but could n 't stand to wear it for extended periods of time .
no fear of phone slipping out of my hand .
and given the low quality of music that people listen to , the headset should be more than adequate .
but , here it is for $ 3 . 00 ! does it work ?
there is no other phone on the market that compares in many areas . pro 's super easy to use . best messaging out therebest screen out therecrazy good data servicegood downloads for ringtones , games and appsgreat signal ( i was in rural kentucky and still got a signal ) very reliablebest data voice plan with t mobile i have been with t mobile for 5 years or so and have tried other services during that time .
before buying this headset i had never hear of plantronics before , but i would say that their products have a good build quality and good sound .
when i am passing a semi , on pavement that creates a loud road noise or have exceedingly high wind noise , people say they can hear some background noise but when i speak they ca n 't hear the noise .
i did try to turn the mute off , all it did was change the frequency of the buzzing sound the other person heard .
it is solidly built and has a study quality feel and issleekly designed and has tremendous power compared to many i 've used .
while it is improved over older devices , it is not quite on par with the g1 . 2 ) camera .
how it works first of , as stated in the description , mygrid only supports blackberry , motorola and nokia phones ( and not even all blackberry phones ) . mygrid can charge up to 4 devices on the grid , but each one needs its own power clip or a power sleeve .
low price and good build quality .
i especially like playing with the laser .
will see how long they will last with child use )
it 's a good value if you do not need high quality sound . i have this connected to an android phone and a win7 pc .
high quality and having dealt with their customer service dept in the past i can tell you that they are a reputable and customer service driven company .
excellent telephone , arrived in perfect condition in its package , all the functions described in full operation , a team of good size in terms of quality for the job in the office , at home or traveling .
pairing is simple , but not just a one button option . i would suggest this headset to users looking for a good headset for most devices .
after my 2 year contract expired , i really wanted to buy an unlocked phone and choose my own service plan .
i use this in conjunction with another magnetic holder for my cell phone .
it 's a visor bluetooth , you can answer you 're phone , make a call while driving down the road without fear of being stopped .
they said i sounded like i was using a speakerphone .
i ended up getting the griffin easy dock case and it works great and is much more of a sturdy design .
my only disappointment is the antenna cable is not long enough to run to the trunk area of most mid size cars .
i used it for a while although it unfortunately necessitates removing my sgs3 from its speck case .
first off , you gotta be careful not to get duped by counterfeit headsets .
i bought two batteries and a cradle battery charger and now i 'm always good with power .
the product was delivered on time and the transaction was smooth .
i think that the hs850 is a nice design but has flaws the actual ear piece would do better if it sat just inside the ear ( like an earbud ) the way it is now sitting just up against the ear makes it difficult to hear your party .
i read the complaints about the cutaways .
my first was a motorola with deficiencies in volume , talk time , not to mention how awkward it was to store when not in use . plantronics has taken care of all of these areas .
my $ 9 . 95 one was not . terrific value , terrific price , fast shipping .
it 's the perfect size for the wife 's purse and packs a punch for her iphone 5 . has a laser to drive the cats nuts and a small led flash light if she needs it .
it 's easy to pair and the sound quality is fantastic .
especially since it lights up and you can see it at night .
it shuts off automatically if you move out of range or switch off the phone 's bluetooth . summary you can buy other bluetooth speakerphones with more fancy features for $ 10 20 $ more , but if you want a bt speakerphone with excellent basic features that actually work , this is one of the best items you can get . $ 30 is what i paid for it .
if fidelity is what you want , you favorite headphones are better suited for the job , but if you want to walk around town , make calls , and listen to tunes this headset is awesome .
the fit worked for me , although it gets in the way if you wear glasses and makes annoying clicking while running .
this phone provides a sturdy rubber case and is smart looking too .
battery talk time is good although it 's unclear what type of battery it has internally .
the headset beeps in my ear everytime the connection is lost and it happens often .
i purchased this cable was n 't sure about the output quality , but i performs as good if not better than expensive hdmi caplet that i purchased from best buy .
i just dial from my phone , and then hit the hang up button when done .
when asked to review this product , i thought it would be hard to live up to the voyager 's performance , but the discovery 925 handled it with ease . this is a new idea in bluetooth headsets .
very nice soft leather case big so you can have a case on your phone only thing is it slip off easy from your belt .
i like how it just barely sticks out from the cigarette plug on my passat , so i can close the cover when i do n 't have my phone chord plugged in . even on the 2 . 1 port , the charger cannot keep up with an iphone 5s .
you can always download more depending on your service provider . ok , now the bad .
the headset sounds pretty good , fits in my ear ok , and people say they can hear me pretty well .
just needs a little glue for it to stay on .
however , in windy condition or noisy areas , the sound quanlity suffers a lot at the other end of my connection .
sound quality is far superior to the ipads small speakers and matches or exceeds all portable battery powered speakers i 've listened to in its size range .
i am very pleased with these protectors .
great bang for your buck when stacked up to competitors products .
also , the bottom of the mount does n 't attach at all , so every time you hit a bump in the car , the phone and mount flop around . . . poor design , if you need a vent mount look elsewhere !
the dsp helps a little , but affects the sound quality dramatically ( think overcompressed mp3 ) . i am an attorney and need to talk to clients ; i need to sound professional .
this reduced any chance i 'd wiggle the phone while holding it with one hand and trying to insert the screw with the other . ( 3 ) you will need your own screwdrivers ! ( 4 ) if you manage to get fingerprints on your lcd screen use a dry eyeglass cleaning cloth ( microfiber type ) and gently gently buff them off . and , above all , go slowly and be patient .
useless . however it works with my computer , at very close range . all other bluetooth devices i tried with my phone have worked perfectly .
the jabra can announce the name if your phone supports it . 2 ) no instructions marked on the unit itself .
unlike other reviewers , i did not find it to be too big to securely hold the i pod .
these were all ok , above average sound quality , but they would constantly come out my ears enough to lose all the bass response plus if you 're wearing those in ear designs while out walking you 're as good as deaf at least with these over the ear ones you can hear the outside world if you keep the volume at a reasonable level .
this hub works perfect and the led 's look awesome . very happy with this product and would buy same one if i needed another usb hub .
i no longer have to hunt through my purse every time i want to use my iphone pen .
the only issues i had with it was that it 's an early resistive touch screen and the screen is kinda small so my fingers would hit keys i did n 't want to or moving the cursor while texting was a pain .
a dinosaur , perhaps , but it does what i need it to do well . it has wi fi capability so you can check e mail or facebook , etc without using a data plan .
this charger is full 850ma , unlike others advertised here that are only 500 . due to that , it charged all of my usb devices perfectly , especially the ones that do n 't charge unless it is that high of a power rating .
my daughter is eight years old and these fit her ears perfectly .
i gave it two stars because i do not usually talk on the phone for more than a minute at a time , and this is sufficient half of the time . i 've resorted to an older bluetooth headset , themotorola hs850 bluetooth headset ( color sent based on availability .
i actually bought this to charge up another electronic device that uses a micro usb connection .
they charge fast and the usb cord unplugs from the charger to use as a data cable .
the product arrived on time , had no hazzel with payment and worked right out of the box , so far no problems using it .
do not buy if iphone5 . huehuehueheueheuehuee
it filters out background noise and just does a great job .
this case is ok , is kind of thigh for the headset , it could be a little bigger and the depending on how you place the headset the microphone or the ear attach part are unprotected because the case does n 't cover the whole headset .
pairing with a blackberry may well work out better than pairing with a lower quality device .
i will manage with the understanding that any future belt loop pouch for my iphone 5s will be size 3xl .
secondly it keeps dropping out of bluetooth , out of nowhere i get the descending tones that mean it 's turning off , then it dies .
that was very cool and made working with that feature even easier .
also on occasion it acts strange when i try to do voice commands .
so far so good with this jabra it holds a charge while the motorola needed to be charged all of the time . i like the vibrating feature when the phone ringer is turned off no need to share all that noise .
but that would be a stretch for any wireless headset . prices vary widely ; shop around .
over the years , i have used the old logitech bulky but trusty logitech mobile freedom . trust me , besides the bulkiness and fit , it has great battery life and very decent reception and sound quality .
it does not automatically pick known wifi when in its proximity . . . 7 ) feels the phone could use more horsepower . i 'm waiting for the n97 . . . cheers !
i have not had complaints about either headset from callers .
this is a great case if you 're looking for a slim , non rubbery feeling case .
it was unable to charge the phone while i had it on and in use for navigation .
easy to clean screen and then apply screen saver .
does not fit my iphone 4 . cheaply and poorly constructed .
its small footprint complements the ipad and makes it an ideal traveling companion . it also pairs with my bluetooth cellphone and allows pairing to both my phone and ipad at the same time .
as the battery in the ipod drains i want the imp70d to keep the ipod battery topped up .
my car has terrible road noise .
it is actually more difficult to charge your phone .
if you want a pretty good case and a drop it on the counter charging station then this is your deal .
my last charger inserted much smoother .
it is marketed as being for the iphone , but it is actually a universal case .
the connection is very simple via bluetooth .
very convenient for home or office can easily see the phone through its light on the current location and its small size is ideal for office .
the bluetooth recognized paired with his phone fairly quickly , and the sound is just amazing !
i put the phone in my rear pocket if walking , but i 'll have to wear a fanny pack or some other trick to get the transmitter within line of sight of the back of the headset .
these cables are really short but in a pinch or if hooked up to a portable charger are nice .
now form that piece into the curve shape you see in the picture .
i had previously tried both the motorola s9 's ( failed after one use ) and the s 9 hd 's ( failed after about 3 uses ) . i replaced them with the jaybirds , and i have to say they are truly sweat proof .
yes . . . this battery does connect to my ipad and my verizon mifi . . . however . . . it 's an advertising stretch to say it charges them in the same way the factory chargers do . . .
i was very happy when the cell phone industry standardized their charging ports .
the white turned blue in the pocket of my jeans , which i guess i should have expected , but it took less than a week . the volume buttons were covered , and made it difficult to push them . but , the case protected the phone , and the lip at the front helped protect the screen .
wish it was just a mini usb .
it could be more powerful because it takes longer than the oem one but it works .
this product works just as i expected it to )
the product works great if you like to look at yourself .
to my surprize they are rather large , but hey they fit better than my sony bt22 headset .
it works great , nice attachment on it to attach to my tab .
the overall clarity of these buds is very good but for the price of the buds i found the audio performance to be unbalanced .
and the little blue flashing light to let you know it 's alive is most unintrusive . i docked the unit a star because i find there is little adjustment in the volume level but , having pushed it to the max , i can hear fine on the highway with the windows closed and ac or heat on .
works fine on my girlfriends samsung galaxy , but doesnt work on my lg .
i thought i had a problem with my razr v3m so i took it in and was informed that these batteries do not have enough milliamps required for the razr .
contracts that you will be paying on long after that shiny phone has lost its lustre .
obviously , this is a microphone or software deficiency and something that motorola should address . to the positive everything else on these headphones works , as it should .
i used this cable and it charged like normal .
so from what i know about liion chargers and cells ( i 'm an electrical engineer who develops consumer products with liion batteries and chargers ) , i think this charger will keep up just fine with the mytouch 4g . and that estimation bears out with the admittedly unscientific observations i 've made it seems to charge about as fast on this charger as it does with the one that came with the phone .
it was very useful for determining circuit loads in cases where an amp clamp was not convenient . it also hogs both outlets of a standard duplex receptacle , so the other one is covered and unusable . ( yes , a pigtail would help ) i e mailed the company twice about the inaccuracy and inconsistency , and did not receive a reply . it became more and more inaccurate and finally died .
took away one star cause its hard moulded together .
basically , count on walking around with your phone in your pocket . do heed jabra 's warnings about the wireless home network interfering with this device !
this is a very good data cable .
overall happy with this headset as it has exceeded my expectations to great lengths !
it also comes with a disc so you can affix it to your dash to allow you to mount the unit other than glass surface .
in the case of the soyo freestyler 500 , once the ear piece is inserted into my ear , the loop actually hangs above my ear and the bluetooth falls off .
i noted the ac charger is n 't polarized but the devices charged up no matter which way i plug into the wall outlet .
now have black , gold this dark pinky orchid color . ( and yes , it 's the same one eric uses on ncis la ) . downside this model does not sport any way to clip the storage charging case onto a keyring like the later model does .
i 've owned at least a few different designs of note 2 holsters now , and i 've broken them all by simple actions like accidentally catching the unit on a door jam . this unit has held up better in the past week or so that i 've had it ( yup , broke 'm in less than a week prior ) . it 's easier to retrieve the phone with the sleek design than some other bulkier , soft rubber cases .
the gtmax would always shift a bit whenever i 'd hit a bump on the road , causing the charger to not connect well . since i 've gotten the scoshe dual usb car charger , i 've had none of these problems .
with the earhook design , one would push the button in the direction perpendicular into the ear to activate the button , a task easily done with one finger and no pain .
despite the description and the pictures of a samsung usb data cable , what i received was a generic micro usb cable that bears no resemblance whatsoever to what was pictured on line .
the call funtion works as well .
overall , i recommend this charger to anyone whose phone has a micro usb slot for a charger ( which , i believe , is practically every phone out there right now with the exception of iphones , obviously ) . it 's long cord and compact size with its flush folding prongs makes it a perfect travel charger as well !
they came with three sets for ear pads but they are all hard and none seem to relieve the pressure .
i put them on my mini cork bottle charms .
feels sturdy enough in my hand . laser pointer and led light are both bright and have good range when tryingit out in a dark room . cons its a bit tricky switching between battery on off , laser , and ledlight .
this case is durable , but the outer rubber tends to stretch out and become very loose .
also extended use of the phone in this case will cause it to heat up faster than on some of the other cases i 've tried .
when i used the google navigation , the battery dropped 20 in less than one hour with the phone connected to the griffin auto charger .
it works great except that stupid behavior of my mytouch 3g when i plug it in the music player launches automatically and mutes the microphone if it happens during a call .
have n 't tested the max effective range , but i can walk around the aparment and it does seem to meet specifications .
nice long cable and has held up for tons of charges for my galaxy s3 .
the itouch is perfect for me since i travel and do presentations .
charging the itorch 5200 only takes 30 40 min .
i used this with my powermat and it worked fine with a older iphone .
appears quality made , even had the nokia logo molded into the plastic so i know this is not a generic knock off .
this item appears as the seller described but did not work as supposed to .
charge to battery did not last very long and had to be charged daily as battery life was short .
i looked and looked for this adapter and finally found it here on amazon .
the bright blue light is a bit much , but i 'm getting used to it .
that same cable plugs into a wall adapter , and can also be a usb cable to charge from or connect to my laptop . some reviews complain about the cable length . . . i think it 's appropriate for a travel charger that you need to throw into your bag and do n 't want a whole bunch of cable .
the speakerphone power and power ac cords for the bt 250v are not compatible , so if you need to use both , you will need two charges , although they are small .
not to mention that the more bars your phone has the longer the battery lasts due to less energy being used to send out signals .
has a nice soft pad on the back , so you do n 't scratch the back of your phone against the plastic when sliding it into the case , a very thoughtful feature . overall very happy with this product , would definitely recommend to other iphone 3g users , and for $ 12 bucks its a steal !
namely , the ipod iphone connector did not make a secure connection , resulting in itunes dropping syncs . i have never had any problems with this cable by eforcity and would buy again if needed .
i bought this plantronics headset for my husband to supplement my ownplantronics discovery 925when we were taking a trip in two separate cars so we could communicate safely on the road .
since this is the same button that you have to push to answer a call , disconnect a call or activate voice recognition when the button stopped working the device became pretty useless .
does n 't really impact comfort or help with cupping sound into ear so i 'm not sure why that is there . the worst part of this headset and the other 3 motorola headsets i 've had is that they take forever to activate during a call .
that is awesome . would recommend the new trent easypak nt70t for everyone on the go .
i already owned an external battery from this company .
it 's had to figure out what mode it 's in from the blinking light .
very thin cases such as this and the elago are for keeping a good grip on a slippery phone , not protecting it in a fall .
the usb end of the plug was a little bent so i had to fix that and the 30 pin end of the plug fits really snug but it does work for its purpose thankfully .
but it gives the iphone a more grippy surface and will protect against scuffs with minimal added bulk . but this color sure is ugly .
recharging the icurve did take a little while but once you leave it alone for some time , it seemed like it would never die .
the case is awesome , fits the phone nicely and looks really sharp .
when plugged in the charge lights come up for a few seconds indicating its charging than the unit shuts down .
overall , it 's quite easy to use , with standard usb and micro usb adapters ( no proprietary plugs which is a good thing ) . there is no ac adapter , but i have plenty of those so did n 't find that to be a major drawback . the led light is useful to gauge how much charge is left .
if you have frog arms it will fit perfectly . . .
you have to take it completely out of the cradle to use it .
the keyboard is a bit tight , but much easier to use than many devices i have owned and certainly better than the iphone virtual keyboard .
i am thinking about linking my ps3 so i will have another headset .
the audio quality for both is worth every penny of the $ 72 . 00 dollars .
this baby is a rapid charger .
however , the sound quality was outstanding !
this is no ordinary charger , it supplies lots of power .
these cables work perfectly with this 4 port wall charger http www . amazon . com gp product b0036vo7ok ref oh_details_o03_s00_i01we keep the two cables and the charger in the kitchen above one end of the counter , and when we come in , we just plug the phones in routinely .
it charges up to about 90 and holds there .
the newer , smaller charger ( sold with the newer iphone 3gs ) is not powerful enough to handle the power draw of the battery pack as it charges , and all it will do is overheat significa n 'tly while the indicator lights on the battery flash and the battery never really charges , which can potentially be a problem .
the mirror is very faded and when in active mode it makes your screen a green blue color . i know these are cheap but i recommend going for the better quality ones .
seems like it 'd be simpler to tell me how to make one out of a paperclip . )
it adds just a special kick to your phone .
the no name charges will work , but they do n 't provide enough juice for a fast charge , in fact many of them provide less juice than the phone uses , so you have a net battery loss .
also , my phone got stuck on the apple logo start up screen after a few months of use because of the jailbreak .
i am surprised that none of these manufacturers have come up with a softer , lighter material , or spent any time considering how to fit a headset to the ears and head .
this is one of the best car chargers i have had .
i assume this is the audioiq technology doing it 's thing . secondly , the headset is super lightweight and this equals comfort .
i contacted the vendor to ask what to do and they told me to check with blackberry on why they switched the cable on the vendor .
it 's sleeker , faster , and as functional as ever .
this tool is somewhat thick for the initial opening of a tablet or cell phone .
the dual battery unit charged my smart phone to about 50 ( from dead ) in 15 minutes .
this one not so much . the ac prongs do not fold in so they are in the way when being used in a lighter outlet or stored in a pocket or computer back . it 's larger than the combination of some separate ac only and 12v only chargers i have , so there is no space savings . when connected to my ipad or my razr maxx , the screen keyboard malfunctions .
it 's also great for using the speakerphone to make and receive calls .
there is n 't much to say except this cable works as advertised .
i bought this as a goldbox value and i have not been disappointed .
it charged my phone to 73 . not bad at all !
the battery works just fine and holds a charge well .
there are better headsets for the price . ( i . e .
tried them out for a day or two and they sounded like muffled waffles that had too much syrup poured on them ! bluetooth connected and disconnected randomly .
good fit to the nokia e71 phone .
this is a big chunk of change just to get better cell reception , but if you really need it then you 'll be glad you purchased the signalboost dt .
communications , wireless technology etc . you ca n 't go wrong by purchasing one of these headsets .
thanks for being a trustful seller .
yet it charges the ipod without any problems .
i love this charger it works great with my samsung and with my girlfriends palm pre .
i 've used 4 5 headsets , including the jawbone , but the plantronics pro blows them all away . the audio quality is great , and audio level ( on both ends ) is far louder than any other headset i 've used .
is comes with a junk plastic case , that is useless for storing the charger and other stuff .
often this lead to callers hearing my colleagues more than me , and issue with our phone software modifying volume levels automatically because it thought i was speaking .
once i entered it to the sim card area to remove the sim card tray that thing just snapped !
the price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that i was able to justify buying one ) the h500 works fine with our lg shine .
i picked this case because of the unique tire tread pattern .
it 's a piece of leather that you slide your phone into which protects the screen what more do you want ? 99 . 9 of iphone cases out there are a complete waste of time and money , all they do is protect the back of the phone .
i found myself constantly pressing the headset to my ear while i was listening and turning up the volume which caused a distracting echo for the person i was talking to . so , one of the features i was looking for was a device in which the microphone was not too close to the earpiece .
that alone made it worth the amazon price and this little kit has a permanent place in my range shooting bag .
i love that this earpiece fits snuggly around your lobe .
cable did n 't work when i got it pinching the correct spot on the phone end seemed to make it work , but it was obviously internally defective . seller immediately refunded me .
this slip cover is really thin and really light .
everyone i talk to can hear me and do not realize that i am on a bluetooth headset .
it 's your typical plastic case with a snap top and should hold up as long as you do n 't step on it or drop something on it .
better than any off brand charger . it charges your nokia phone in the car . for the money you ca n 't go wrong .
great portable speakers that you can throw in your bag , but the price should be like $ 50 at most . update the speaker does not support wired sound connection , only bluethooth .
it charges my droid , blackberry torch , and htc phones flawlessly .
it 's much better just balanced in your ear with the right size earbud . no , you ca n 't use it outside on a windy day , but you ca n 't use any headset like that , well , maybe some of the higher end noise cancelling units , but not something this small .
opening the installation guide , i attempted to quickly connect the signal booster in an attempt to test its capabilities .
the issue of course here is that the screwdrivers are not a true jewelers set and will be too big for most jewelry watch related tasks .
it does not seem to hold the setting ?
it 's all over the internet too .
they wont work on my phone !
bought this to fix it to my honda civic dashboard .
highly recommend it for the bb curve .
i was really surprised at the amount of tools that comes with this kit .
i wanted an easy to use video cable that would hook up to most t . v . 's that i might encounter hotels or condo rentals , etc .
it is a bit heavy and the headset does not stay in your ear , it dangles .
if your 'phone is powered from the bottom , you may struggle to get enough room to fit in a power cable whilst the 'phone is on the stand .
just wish the booster can reach longer distance .
as i am in a condo , i could only put the receiver up against a window , not outside on a pole or something . i saw the video , read the instructions , but still received no increased signal strength or call clarity by using this product . one odd thing the receiver says to point a certain side of it towards the cell phone tower .
maybe $ 2 but $ 4 ? that 's silly !
the one that came with my phone works perfectly , but i wanted another charger for my desk at work .
i use this device with the droid razr maxx . pro * good wind noise reduction when outside * pairs very easily with the devices i 've tried . * reasonable battery life i can talk for 4 or 5 hours in a day with no problems . cons * bad sound quality i get reports from listeners of echos , clipped speech and low sound volume regularly .
even though the discovery 925 is larger and more conspicuous than the blueant , it has a nice , unique look and is lightweight .
easy to use , can nearly get 3 full charges of my razr out of one charge of the new trent imp500 . nice .
although , the charge times were rather long ( i purchased an oem motorola micro usb charger later for less money and it has been fantastic ) . anyways , i do not like to keep chargers plugged into my cigarette charger , but this little guy is very difficult to get out of the slot .
we have a 93 mercedes which has a tape player that is oriented to take the tape width ways .
no errors on iphone when using this charger .
it was useful during the prolonged power outage after hurricane sandy .
a couple of key features when a call comes in , either intercom or from an external line , there is a chime in my ear that alerts me to the call .
problem with the iphone ( 4s ) is that the back is a flat panel of gorilla glass and does not lift easily off the sticky pad .
this skin fits perfect in my sgsii and the phone looks great inside of it . it is a high quality skin and gives a very good feeling in your hands . i recommend this product for your sgsii .
it you are expecting the sound quality of shure headphones , your expectations are not realistic .
it appears to charge it faster than my home computer , work computer and even the wall plug .
to carry it in yoour pocket you have two choices .
i would say this is n 't the most comfortable headset around but it does the job . the stand it comes with is handy to keep the place of the headset in one place . it 's a standard bluetooth pairing and controls .
the package lists only a few nokia phones by number , then says and compatible phones . orientation of the unique nokia plug ( ? pop ) is not obvious and the plug does not go in easily ( until it 's perfectly lined up ) . for my 6126 the plug needs to be oriented with the nokia insignia to the front of the phone .
if you have trouble installing covers , you are not following the directions .
what sets this bluetooth from many others is the fact that it combines car charger and bluetooth holder into one .
a very trendy phone cover it fit very smug and it is very fashionable . . .
considering the price , these are very good earphones for your iphone ipod ipad . the wires have a great feel .
having owned the previous jawbone model , this one is much smaller and hence shorter battery life improved volume control ( max volume is much louder ) better robustness where build quality is better and earpiece less flimsy in ear piece fits better and does n 't fall off
it will charge my samsung galaxy s but does n 't work for my samsung exhibit ii so ymmv .
the only downside is that if you use a silicone skin on your bold or an attached case you will need to remove the case skin to charge .
it 's like i have an ac outlet in my bag .
the third time it happened i just bought another pair . on the the headphones performance the sound is excellent and the noise isolation even better .
after testing and trialing so many different headsets , from motorolas to plantronics to sony erricsons to jabras , i had a very good motorola with great comfort , battery life , sound and microphone quality .
eviewthe nt70t is a great size and form factor .
i have had many bluetooth headsets and this one is one of the worse .
if the watermark will bother you , get that combo instead .
a jabra ear gel fits on the unit . . . but the ear piece needs to come off to recharge .
the single rocker switch is slick and intuitive .
i took a fine file and rounded the corners on the center prong , no more trouble ! ! after looking at bulky holsters , ones with plastic clips that break and ones that would n 't accommodate the phone with a decent case i was happy to find this holster .
otherwise , it 's an excellent product and priced right
but it performs perfectly when used in the car while driving or in a relatively quiet setting . the charger is a good design that also functions as a carrying case .
when talking to him it sounds very clear and there is no static .
this carrying case is large enough to accommodate a variety of headsets .
i have a iphone 4s and it does not fit tight in the cradle but tight enough that the phone does not fall out even when going over bumpy gravel roads or around sharp turns , my sons 3gs snaps into the cradle very tightly .
it does n 't bulk up the phone much and looks good .
if you want to use it horizontally you can thread your belt thru the fabric straps .
it 's a minor inconvenience , and even on the pc usb jack it charges in about two hours . update one earbud has completely quit working as of march 2014 , so it is no longer suitable for music use .
i 've tried several of these cell phone signal boosters , and i have to say , not one of them is worth a dime .
opened box to find a phone that had different colored part in blue .
the red will wear a little around the edges but it still looks good .
it works almost identical to the ct12 but has several improvements in programming functions that make it even easier to set up and use .
great gadget for very little money !
i ordered this to charge a droid x in the car .
the scala 700 windguard technology is not perfect but performs much better than anything else i have tried .
i have a medium ( 7 1 4 ) hat size . i do n 't think this product is quite there , especially if you are looking to use it for phone calls .
it slides into my car player and when i plug it up to my mp3 player , it plays through the system with no problem .
i actually like this charger and it charges my phone faster .
i like the two phone use also even though i have n 't tried it since i only have one phone .
easy install and i recommend the purchase and install .
reception problems made it nearly impossible for the other person to hear what i was saying .
it also looks simple yet attractive quite suitable for business attire .
the headphones were within 1 foot of the laptop . the streaming audio appears to work to at least 10 feet away , with a clear line of sight . the call button properly starts the voice dial on the iphone 3gs .
a little bit lighter duty than the apple branded cable , but considering the price difference i do n 't care as long as it works , and it does .
no more magician pulling of headphones for me .
it lasted about a month before finally tearing out from the poorly secured and flimsy leather phone pouch . do n 't waste your money .
the two must differ and only then the messages will not end up as spam because the sender wo n 't be spoofed . although q seems like a good device , we advise against purchase and do n 't support their email integration in our organization until verizon wireless makes both from and reply to fields configurable .
its nice to have a back up charger and also have it at home and work .
it is easily pocket able and feels sturdy enough to withstand the occasional drop .
i recommend this charger for the galaxy siii .
it will just stop working all of a sudden , which is also a buzz kill in mid workout . the audio quality on the phone portion is n 't really good either , but that 's not why i bought them .
these just do n 't stand up to the other headsets that are out there in their current price range .
in other words maximize the revenue minimize the service is their motto .
does not add bulk and makes my wife 's original iphone look nicer .
unfortunately , the quality of the product and sound of this set are not same as the first one .
you can find a lot of units with the flashlight , but the integrated laser pointer is pretty rare and eliminates the need for yet another gadget . pros nice fit and finish good form , feels good in the hand tested 2 . 5 full charges on my iphone 5 . . . so right in line with expectations . cons weakish flashlight .
i had the problem with one device and solved it with a right angle adaptor .
i would rate this a 5 star product except for the heat that it retains from the phone .
this is the first blue tooth i had when i got my first blue tooth compatible phone .
this time the vibrate works , but the call pickup button would not work .
not comfortable risking my droid 's safety by placing it in this thing .
on the up and up , sound quality is good .
i used the original mophie juice pack with my 3g .
that 's less than a buck a piece !
pro 's bright blue colorsleek does n 't add bulk to your 5ccon 's flimsy plasticdoes n 't protect the frontlooks cheapvery slippery and could make you lose your grip and drop phonesave your $ 10 . 00 and look for something better
i am using this device with a polycom landline phone . trying the 3 settings i can get a decent connection on my end with a separate bluetooth earpiece , where i hear the other party fine with little noise and no echo . but on the far end , even landline to landline , there is an annoying whine and some echo , no matter what the setting .
very good ) . the 2 . 5mm jack means it wo n 't fit on some mobile phones ( this is smaller than a standard headphone jack ) , but for my blackberry it 's great ( both 8820 and pearl ) . as a bonus , i also use it with my xbox 360 controllers ( both with the attached messenger keyboard and without ) for online gaming .
this case may not provide the best coverage , but wow does it look nice .
it is a bit tricky to get the headset into the charger cradle . . . but i got used to it .
plug right in and stay in
i use the bose device all the time and have finally found a bluetooth headset i can rely on .
it just makes sense , and this adapter makes it possible easily .
pairing my phone with the jabra was extremely easy .
i use these for weight lifting .
can be fitted on either ear with the swivel action . a minor complaint would be that the sound quality could be a little better .
the headset is comfortable while wearing .
also they charged me . . . shipping and handling even though it was sent 1st class in a tiny envelope at a cost of about . . . at most .
while the iphone does not support the full feature set which the plantronics 855 is capable of , it works very well ( after you figure out what features do work ) , and the big feature , the a2dp stereo headset capabilities , work well , and with good sound quality .
callers hear my voice clearly when the device is properly seated on my face . it does not handle wind noise well .
unfortunately , this means that the adapter i bought on amazon ca n 't be plugged in next to another plug on my power strip .
it works and does what it is supposed to do ,
the batter capacity is sufficient to charge my iphone 4s several times .
it really shows off the good looks of the phone .
i especially like the little charging stand .
i actually ended up leaving the factory plastic over the external screen and then put the case over it .
one suggestion that i would like to make is that the pen cap be able to fit on the other end when writing , just like most pens with a cap .
just drop the pre 2 on the touchstone and go about your business .
be sure your screen is completely clean , and the crevice around it as well .
these are the best cables for that quick audio connection in newer autos .
the belt clip also allows you to rotate the holster into the most comfortable position you can for driving , or walking around .
it works as described , the light stays on while it is plugged in the whole time .
and of course because they work !
the plastic case that comes with this devise is made of such poor materials that the clips that hold it together broke while putting it together .
it took a while to set up ( problems with resetting my phone ) , but once i synced the two devices , i have not had any problems .
it looks great and functions as exactly as it should .
i would need to purchase on many times the cost of this dt to see a usable signal . in addition , the useful distance of the small desktop antenna provided with this booster is only useful within a few feet .
it does fit nice so i gave it 2 stars , but bad opening for my phone will be costly .
this is significa n 't because this is a replacement for the h700 i lost jogging in the rain . * outbound voice quality is reported superior to my old motorola by my friends . * incoming sound is as good as the motorola and actually a bit better when you account for the fit to ear seal . cons * claims of 6 hours of talk time are greatly inflated .
fits perfectly , have no problems taking it on and off .
once you close the clamps your phone is held securely in place .
however , the ball joint is not rock solid , so my phone tends to shake a lot if the road surface is anything other than silky smooth .
i absolutely despise the thin scraggly cords that come with corded headphones and earphones .
what a sleazy way to sell an item .
they are great in the gym without any wires or having ear buds hurting your ears .
motorola is sending me another set but i have to pay for return shipping of the broken headphones to them .
the reason to buy this is the retracting mechanism , but that mechanism gets tangled sometimes .
it works , just real shoddy build .
got progressively worse as power level was discharged .
this connector allows me to to use them with my 8925 tilt .
great clarity , volume and ease of use .
although cables still provide the fastest delivery of data , charge and functionality above all wireless alternatives to date there are people who will go out of their way to avoid having a visible cable . wireless option , yes .
solid case and easily cleaned with soap and water .
and for the record , i 've never had any problems with stereo earbuds or ear canal phones . * related to fit , when trying to stuff it back in your ear , it is really easy to accidentall hit the big call control button and cut off the call . i really ca n 't imagine how anyone can use this for any time at all .
the screwdrivers are very easy to use specially with iphones . i had to change the batterry on my iphone and if stanley screwdriver set was not there i was about to break my iphone . thanks for making this set so helpful and easy to use .
i purchased it for the ipad and i 've tried it on my blackberry storm 2 and both devices respond well to it however when i tried using it in the application penultimate for ipad . . . . the response time and strokes were off .
after that the static kicks in and and increases dramatically as the distance increases .
i was extremely please that i was able to recharge the motorola photon with 1800mah battery rock solid 3 times easily .
it is not , however , it does have much more protection from the environment than the naked phone does on its own .
it was awkward to hold while making phone calls because of the large spine on the case and i 'm old school in that i actually talk on the phone .
volume is then controlled by volume controls on this device and not the ipad .
cannot complain and it seems to have sufficient wattage to charge devices well and without overheat .
needed it because verizon was to cheap to include this in the box .
if you can get it to behave , samsung 's software will help you manage your phone contacts by your computer , but it 's a clunky affair .
this is no a problem , it holds well , but a magnet might have been nice . the only real drawbacks are that when you keep the cover closed for a while , it may leave small horizontal smudge marks on the phone from the card pockets .
warning this starter kit only includes 1 'power clip' so i find the cover art and description fairly misleading as you can only get 1 phone on here for $ 80 and you need to spend almost $ 20 to get the other power clips .
i had the otterbox commuter tl which is really good case too , but i felt nervous about my iphone til i put this case on .
i have long nails which makes it hard to text .
these batteries have a great life to them .
does provide a bit of protection to face on falls and to corners .
pictures and movies look great and text even when viewed very small is astoundingly crisp and clear .
i connected the itorch to my ipad when its battery level was 55 and used it for two hours solving a puzzle in the puzz app .
these paired easily enough with my samsung galaxy s4 . call sound and mic functioned well .
no biggie for me ! ! confortable and lightweight on your ears . great sound quality . love the buttons on the actual ear piece . working perfect with my bb storm2 .
it comes with a carrying case .
fits perfect and was very easy to install .
i 'm trying grandmax tweakers which are quite small compact , self powered , and produce a bit louder sound .
high quality that wraps around your galaxy s 5 and has a screen protector built right into it .
i had to stick it back on with glue which solved the problem except the residue the glue left behind . overall its the best bluetooth headset i 've ever owned .
wo n 't sync or charge my ipod touch .
she charged it fully and used them right away .
i just started using the charge and it works good , and its nice when its plug in the blue light .
i 'd been a mophie fan since i first tried the iphone battery case .
it 's not an oem product but the plug is sturdy and functions well . very pleased with the price and performance purchased from ibd electronics .
also , everyone whom i talked to , told me that they can hear me very well , just like i speak without the headset . 2 ) reason number two it sits perfectly on the ear .
the s design looks classy . it has a pretty good fit on my phone .
so i bought this charger on amazon for my galaxy s2 . works quickly and efficiently . only issue is that the connector to my micro usb slot was spotty .
this is a nice , compact product that does what it 's designed to do charge a phone wirelessly .
my phone had been dying quickly lately and so i bought this car charger so i could charge it on the go .
at the above price , it 's a bit expensive , but an excellent value .
i had to wear an arm holster so the unit would be in range .
it does a good job at protecting .
i like the dect 6 . 0 phones in general because they avoid interference with all the computers and wireless network stuff in my house .
it connects quickly and works great .
i like it better but the 820 does have better incoming sound quality .
it snaps in with confidence . long cord so you can talk while charging . has cord hook so you can make it half as long when not using . big , visable blue light to ensure it 's plugged in to lighter .
the rest was a simple process of aligning the home button and the speaker and simply dropping the film on the iphone .
my only complaint is some spurs along the mold lines which need to be smoothed out .
however it quickly became a pain to have to remove the regular case and put it into the charging case .
like the blue light when it is plugged in , might not like it so much if i had red or green lighted dash in the car .
you cannot fit anything other than an iphone ( meaning no extra protective sleeve ) in the case . only complaint i have is that the iphone has to be placed in a specific direction in order for the headphone jack to be useable .
also serves as a convenient case which protects phone very well .
i mostly use it paired with myapple ipod touch 8 gb ( 4th generation ) newest model .
first , i have had a heck of a time keeping the unit synchronized with my office outlook .
the title pretty much says it all ; this works well for an hd2 . it 's well made and convenient to carry with me .
when this one arrived i noticed that two of my phones ( a droid global 2 and an lg ) would not work with these ( i ordered 5 of these ) . both of the adapters are molded plastic with the id skn6252a .
easily fits in a pocket or small space in a backpack .
the bluetooth snaps into a nifty stand and is n 't as annoying as other bluetooth with its lights .
worked well right out of the box .
other than that , an excellent value that looks quite sharp on the phone .
the charger can charge iphone 4 two times only .
the case is very comfortable to hold and definitely keeps the iphone from slipping out of your hand so easily .
worked really well and very protective !
buy ten cent minute time from at t , if you want , as you wish .
i plugged in the gum battery pack , and continued reading while the ipod battery recharged .
on my first full charge , i was able to successfully charge me iphone 4 from 20 to full about 3 times .
worked fine with my bb curve but drove people crazy when i swithed to the tour .
i own quite a few bluetooth headsets motorola , jabra , plantronics , and this one .
initial pairing with the phone was not intuitive at all who knew you had to keep the button pressed while trying to pair up ?
all the products are made for the iphone itouch without any case or protective cover .
i 'm going back to my bluetooth earpiece with this samsung phone .
it fit perfectly and accepted charge as it should .
i 've inserted mine maybe 20 times , and one of the spring loaded contacts just became permanently stuck , making the cable worthless .
sometimes it works to play music from iphone and others it does not .
can charge ipad , iphone , and most other devices with sufficient battery power to charge completely several times .
for the price you cannont best this car charger !
it was stte of the art in 2008 , not anymore .
i was waiting for mophie to release its iphone 5 case and got sick of it ( 5 months ?
i tried it out immediately by plugging it into the usb port on my pc at my desk at work , then into my blackberry style 9670 . the usb port pc instantly recognized the phone as a blackberry device and began charging it , same as my oem cable .
if you cell service connection is poor the xlink connection quality also matches .
i double checked the connection and everything is set up per the instructions .
bottom line is that you have to press the multi function button to transfer calls , and you ca n 't use some of the advanced handsfree profile features .
if you 've experienced pain with other in ear headphones , you might want to avoid these .
the pen for the mda does n 't work sometimes and it 's operation is n 't smooth .
i like this antenna , not just wild band range also very even the gain for all bands , good for price as well .
much better connector than other chargers .
it 's a bit bigger than other iphone charging options , but it will give me more power than they will .
again like my other review , the zagg ones look and feel better than this but again this is a cheap quick replecment to hold u over and protect screen till your zagg comes in i guess .
this is my 5th bluetooth ear piece , so i have a little experience with these things .
but no , the phone says incompatible charger .
this one actually fits and is rigid enough to stay on the phone .
receive very quickly and it was very cheap and it was very easy to install onto the phone . .
my fingers are just to big for the keyboard and sometime while using the voice feature the words are not interpreted correctly .
i have to wiggle the micro usb end to keep the charging light on my phone .
it connects well and it is easy to set up . cons is that you cannot really adjust the sound levels on the speaker and that the speaker needs to be kept fairly close to the device .
i was excited to get the newest blueant but it is a disappointment because the volume is not high enough to hear callers so you have to lean under it ( attached to visor ) to be able to hear which is distracting in traffic . also , my blackberry does not auto hookup to blueant , you have to push buttons to get everything working .
after receiving my supertooth ii , i removed it from the box , charged it up , paired it to my motorola v3m ( u . s .
the otterbox works well for my wife but if you need to attach it to your belt i would purchase the seidio . thanks jeff .
that problem vanished with the curve .
it seems to have worse reception than my previous phones ( all nokia bar type ) in the same coverage areas .
however , taking off the case and putting it on is not much of a chore and thanks to the easily accessible port on the bottom , there 's no need to regularly remove the mophie juice pack .
both are amazing devices that just work .
i have since then moved on to another phone mount , but this product is amazing !
the motorola s305 surprisingly does not sound as good as the kinivo bth220 ( also sold under other names ) . the kinivo also consistently had an easier time connecting to my iphone .
basically they wo n 't fully charge the phone ( gets to 97 ) and then the phone keeps beeping every 5 seconds telling you that the phone is charging .
received only one plastic pry opener as advertised at the time of the purchase .
this is by far the largest negative . 2 ) the usb connection is a micro , not mini , usb .
right now i 'm using a hard transparent case for my fuze as it fits my needs better .
once connected it charges my 6126 just as it should .
the adapter does n 't overheat , the cord has a good flex , cord casing is average thickness ( not thin and flimsy like other $ 3 chargers ) , and connection is secure .
for someone who has to buy special adapters to get blue tooth devices to stay in my ear i am impressed with this .
interestingly , the imp70d does not get hot when charging ( or discharging ) , likely a sign of good power and thermal regulation , which should lead to a longer service life .
and its stays in place so u can hillclimb . . .
ok , so that 's not a very dignified title , i know .
audio both ways is very clear .
however , this headphones do offer fairly accurate mid range response , fair bass , and decent highs .
this is a great little item , before i received this it was sometimes hard to keep up with my bluethooth headset .
since then i 've had several both brand names and brand x chargers . . .
the quoted dimensions are slightly off .
this spec quickly and was in original , sealed packaging .
it 's a little snug with the sleeve , but easy enough to put in and take out .
all connection work without removing the case and the button operation works great too !
when it comes to headsets , the sound quality is the bottom line for me .
great adapter to get big cord ends down to a size to fit the iphone with a case . only complaint is it took a long time to get .
cable is hardly a foot long .
even in the instructions , they recommend adjusting to get the perfect fit .
clean it thoroughly . needless to say , the film does not have the same smooth feel as the glass .
this does kill the fm signal , but it does n 't cause interference on am .
while the phone is large by today 's cell phone standards , it is a great looking unit and functions well .
the motorola hs 820 is the bomb ! ! !
it is a genuine blackberry charger .
it is very lightweight , and the earhook fits pretty well .
there is very limited protection as the sides are completely open .
the red is definitely more vibrant in person than on the picture but still a great color
not only do i use my iphone to make calls , send receive emails tweets texts , browse the internet , and navigate using a map app , i am a mobile photographer and use my iphone constantly to take , edit , and share photos .
pink one for the lady and grey for me . voice quality , both incoming and outgoing is excellent .
maybe that 's why it is so dim since it is trying to glow through black plastic . the kensington mini charger is really pretty cool given what it is .
overall , it serves its purpose as a business phone .
battery life is long ( 3 hours , about ) and recharge is quick .
overall , sound quality with these is barely passable . the wraparound headband is not adjustable .
well not much to say it sticks well and scratches easily .
gives great comfort and a perfect fit .
i am an average size man and never thought i had small ears , so i was surprised that the smallest ear pieces fit best .
after attaching either the power clip or fitting the power sleeve over your phone , you can place the devices on mygrid , which has to be plugged in into an outlet .
put one on top of a 20 ft .
i have used this cable about 10x to charge now , and it works great !
they include vibrating alert ( i 've turned it off ) , call accept and call decline ( much needed ) . it also allows you the opportunity to automatically call the last number dialed .
as always , amazon has the best prices and free shipping .
the cord comes with a small hook to keep unwanted extra cord out of the way a nice added touch . very pleased with this charger so far overall .
i had looked at the options from motorola , parrot , and blueant .
really unhappy with amazon on this one .
i used them while driving a dump truck in washington d . c . , i am on all kinds of jobs with heavy equipment running , banging , back up alarms going and they still sound great .
the calls come in crystal clear and the dialing out does not have feedback as i have experienced with other headsets .
the blue led lit motorola logo is a nice touch , as well as the wire tether that is included . pros gets the job done at a great price , looks greatcons does n 't appear to be an easy way to change the fuse ( if any ) but it is not a big dealoverall 5 5 stars
this unit is very sturdy , hardly any vibration and holds extremely well .
one huge design flaw as i see it however was the on off button .
worked well enough to cover your phone .
i 've had several bluetooth hadsets , several brands including other motorola , but the h710 is the best i 've used .
basically , the device 's cordless charging capabilities are based on a sort of remote plug that you put into your wireless phone or mp3 player and then you lay it on the pad .
i would recommend this product to others who find the jabra sound decent but also wish it would go in the ear a little more .
at least the ones i got from itemsforless . the cord pulled out at the phone end . come on amazon get these sellers off the web site !
works great for my android phone .
the only negative i could mention is that the strap locking clip ( sort of like luggage clips but heavier ) i found hard to align to lock it .
better price and a little more milliamps ( 1500 vs 1440 ) than the battery that came with my phone .
i would reccomend it as a vehicle charger for anyone with a micro usb device , especially someone with a smart phone since their battery life usually is not so great .
but it 's better than nothing . 3 got rid of the really bad designed spring loaded microphone on the side the stl has . ( my first one flew out the window and blueant really did n 't care .
this is a fantastic charger , it comes with a micro usb cord about 3 feet long .
we are not able to walk more than 10' from my phone before we get the crackeling sounds and loose the ability to communicate with the person on the phone .
will bend or ends will fall off . 3 stars for that
it works good for what it is and has enough length on it .
it stays in the car for long and short trips . cables are built in so there is no need to run a cable to the cigarette lighter .
i have to tap the iphone screen several times so it will register the contact .
the problem i had with the case was the echo .
i was able to usually keep a 700k to 1 . 5m connection , which was enough to look for gas stops , food stops or a hotel .
i would definitely recommend this headset .
this cable worked great and still works over a year later .
one i really liked and will be going back to is the supcase http www . amazon . com gp product b00c3h8wlw ref cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_170
sturdy , durable , and easy to use .
picked this up for my fiance 's droid and it works as advertised .
no earpieces will fit comfortablyupdate 2 3 12 . after 60 days this blue no longer works i ca n 't get my phone to read the blue tooth anymore .
if it was noise canceling it would have gotten 5 stars .
she loves the emoticon button that puts the faces on her texts .
great peace of mind product ! fyi , i get 1 2 a charge on my ipad from this device and a full charge on my ipod .
using gps which usually drains the phone battery quickly , not a problem with this battery pack .
but the palm fits alright with some room to move .
instructional cd is a great help for some of the trickier features .
also did not like the plastic top cover from otter box only because i had purchesed from vorizon a top cover that kept it from getting smudges finger prints .
bought this for my hp tablet charger from a previous customer 's review for his tablet .
i bought two of these and will probably buy more since it is both cheaper and easier than dealing with dedicated cables for both mini and micro usb . i 've tried them on blackberry chargers , standard usb cables , and universal usb chargers and they work with all of them . the lanyard is nice so that it does n 't get misplaced when not in use .
the center ground blades on the apple 's proprietary side , was coming apart , my point ? look , you probably spent $ 300 on your ipod touch or iphone , why cheap out on a shoddy cable and have the possibility of ruining the connector ? connector 101 it takes two connectors to mate , but only one to destroy the mate .
he was so impressed with it when i showed it to him . it 's got all the cutouts necessary to give you full access to all the controls , and it even has a very cool circular cutout on the back that enables you to see the apple logo . it 's extremely form fitting and tight , and incredibly lightweight .
i have been used to charging my treo 600 through the single usb hotsync cable to my laptop .
i have an older pda ( dell axim x50 ) and this keyboard works great !
no issues , they charge , they have n 't frayed , no problems . use them for wall and car chargers .
in a word , tech support is outstanding .
the black feels nice and protects your phone overall .
the microprocessor in this phone must be the slowest on earth .
small as it is , the speaker and microphone is phenomenal and cuts through noise very well .
second the case does not protect your phone very well .
i removed the battery and unplugged the charger , then plugged everything back in , placed headset in charger and tried it again . ( note i think it has to be on the charger base to pair ) presto !
i like its design as it is the best fit onto my auto vintelation to hold my iphone .
charger comes without a box or anything for that matter but it does have the lg logo . the charger works perfectly on my car ( nissan ) using the cigarette outlet as specified and it does a good job charging my phone ( nexus4 ) . i would recommend this item .
while not acoustically perfect ( slightly anemic bass ) , these sound amazing . this brings me to the s305 's .
this one seems to be more solidly built than some of the others in the same price range .
the ear cushion is great , it 's just the weight pushing the rubber shark fin piece against your ears that hurts after a while . recently i laid them down at work over the weekend .
but , with the new ca law regarding phone use in the car , i needed one which could switch between two phones .
t mobile techs said this was a good idea . that 's it everything else is normal and great about this phone . unless you need corporate email do n 't bother with the blackberry .
i have not used this as of yet , however , my wife has without issue . i have the x50 headset and she has the voyage , it works on both really well .
i found a charger bundled in my droid x car dock package and it appears to be identical , so if these are knock offs they are the best i 've ever seen .
good quality , well made , and good sound .
my only complaint is that the feel of the screen is tackier and my fingers do n 't slide as well .
instead , it was a different version , with base plates shaped completely differently . i was able to attach the post with generous application of superglue , but it was n 't what i expected .
i bought this charger for my droid x , and it works just fine .
long and durable , this cable is great .
the only complaint that i have is the keys on the main outer display are too flush and if you have larger fingers , then you will probably constantly hit the wrong buttons .
i do n 't have a problem though because these still sound great for what i paid . be careful about your hearing and watch the volume level when using these because the sound pressure is slightly strong , especially the bass hits the eardrum harder than other earbuds i 've used .
ok for charging your micro device with this but i changed to a double connector since i had to charge more devices
i do n 't like the type of headsets that block hearing of non phone conversations in the ear being used .
for the most part , people ca n 't tell that i 'm on a bluetooth headset ! the pros great audio quality !
in searching for yet another case , i discovered this blackout case .
the light is also the button , on the opposite side of the usb charging port , and the audio cable .
i 've talked for a few hours without having to recharge it . the answer disconnect and volume buttons are placed well and work easily .
i love that it has two ports for my phone and ipod .
the case is made out of good quality leather and the magnetic snap works well .
also , to clarify one of the reviews i read here the middle bar part of the cover does n 't in any way hinder the rollerball it stops your finger from continuing upward a bit , which gives kind of an illusion that it is in the way .
it has a lot of potential but fails to actually work right when needed .
being a hater of wires , i went looking for wireless headphones , and kept finding that the ones that rate well for audio quality tend to be ridiculously expensive .
i picked this one up for slightly below $ 600 . while the build quality on this phone is fantastic compared to the att tilt , in all other respects it is almost identical to the tilt , albeit with a much better screen . i also have an itouch , and i have to say the itouch multimedia capabilities really blows my xperia out of the water !
the company does make a usb model , but this is not it .
the only problem with this headset is that people you are talking to will have trouble hearing you .
these have always been good dependable screen protectors .
it was simple to pair , my droid did not even ask for the password code .
due to the weight and the rubberized base this is a very stable base , which allows you to still use the blackberry when seated in the base . highly recommended ! cfh
this pad really helps my daughter 's cell phone to keep from falling all over the car when going around corners or stopping .
it is bright pink and very durable .
finally , the range is horrible unit cut out constantly while my cell phone was in its holster on my waist .
the sound is good the on off button is easy to push , unlike the 925 . it 's easy to pair just an all around good bluetooth .
it keeps the phone protected , and the marks on the case are barely noticeable .
it may be ok for ipods or bluetooth headsets , but do n 't use it for any power hungry device .
for these reasons , i only gave this bluetooth 3 stars , and would recommend the h730 instead .
the mini car charger really is small and nearly sits flush inside the power port .
i have tried all kinds of headsets , from jabra to plantronics .
i have lg which is just as big as motorola , duracell does n 't even make the adapter for it as far as i could find out .
my evo uses juice like no other and using all the tricks in the world still doesnt get me to 1 pm when streaming rhapsody at work .
the coax connection point was also getting really warm .
used to to monitor my computer 's power consumption and keep the electric bill down .
i think amazon should remove the listing .
this phone is very sleek and professional looking , and still has the classic rollerball .
no issues at all with this battery order .
it has loud speakers and eliminates background noises .
also , my phone requires rebooting on a daily basis especially if i browse the web . overall there is nothing wrong with this phone .
not so with the samsung sbh700samsung sbh700 bluetooth stereo headseti bought , they were too small and i never was able to keep them in my ears but one size does fit all as is the case with samsung products .
i like it a lot cause it was big enough for me to fit a plastic cover around the phone and it still fits good .
you can turn the ear piece off then power on to answer in order to keep your fav ring tone .
this thing works good , but its not all fireworks and hotel parties .
the case is hard enough to protect the contents .
sound quality , speakerphone , rf , and battery life all seem very good .
i would like to see griffin come out with a gooseneck using the same suction base so it 'll give me more flexible bending option . finally , the holder is very tight .
in 2010 there were very few blue tooth stereo headsets like these , i loved everything abt them , while driving i used them and did n 't want to have both plugs in my ear , just for safety but as soon as i was at the gym i was able to have stereo headset very convenient
it does n 't give me a huge boost , but it does give me that little extra juice to help maintain a cell call . the product arrived in a hard to open clamshell of plastic .
i bought this to help in our phone reception .
it is not a truly unlocked phone .
you need to squeeze a tiny button on each side to release the connection .
when you buy the case it does come with a headphone adapter , but i used it so much , the wires on the inside of the adapter broke , and i had to throw it away .
within 5 minutes of getting the phone out of the box , i broke the ear piece just trying to get the headset over my ear .
that compresses the cable in the other side and makes it so nothing moves around . functionally , that 's a great design , but for looks i would have liked the scanner to fit completely into the bottom , with a thinner top half for the cable .
works a little better in my cell phone than skype .
none know what to do , only it is incompatable with mobile 6 . mobile 6 does not use voice tags on selected contacts .
also they act as a display of clock when charging .
it also refuses to charge , and discharges when not in use even when the base is connected via usb .
turning the knob pushes down on the suction cup , forcing air out , and locking mount in place . the mount is so flexible is design , it really can mount almost anywhere , and the spring loaded arms open wide . . . enough to hold my samsung note2 firmly in place . the only frustration i found is the moveable arm will be slightly pull from a dead on straight view . . . simply by the phone 's weight .
charges the phone and was not that expensive .
i use the smallest earpiece of the three it came with and it works really well for me .
form is tight and all the cut outs are very neat .
the pairing and re pairing to my phone maybe because i have a zn5 . the quality and ease of use is very good .
another great feature is being able to switch from one application to another without ending the application you were originally using and it is very easy to shuffle from one to the other .
works just as well as the expensive apple ones .
i travel often , this cable stays in the bag the entire time .
the new one worked fine , but after a short time , the retracing piece started working off and on .
my searches for a portable wireless speaker showed only very expensive items until i came across this spracht .
the bubbles do n 't effect the performance of the phone but they do look poor .
works great for my htc droid incredible 2 . i imagine it would work for any smartphone or gadget with a micro usb connection .
which still worked great but the flexible earpiece was finally beyond my tweakability . with pretty decent reviews and a sale price trying to be frugal i got what i paid for . binding issues .
not too sure how to make it stay put , but it seems to work well .
the voyager 510 is very comfortable to wear and was easy to setup .
also the keyboard light goes off and screen dims and clock shows full screen . it 's very nice because i do n 't have to worry anymore or mess with turning on bedside mode , etc .
great sound on my end though , and it holds a charge pretty well too .
he watches the occasional show or plays a couple of games .
but i 'm paying a lot less for my plan and i 'm on the verizon network .
i bought an invisible shield from zagg and put that on instead . the case is a little grippy which is nice , but it does n 't attract lint or make it too hard to pull out of a pocket . access to buttons and ports is easy .
this works just fine with my moto x phone .
i bought 2 for 10 dollars one cost 19 . 99 at t mobile ok and they sound great .
the prive amazon sell them for is about half that of what the very same cover sells for at a verizon store .
for others , especially those who have a specific hoster in mind , the added thickness may not be acceptable . ( see my other reviews for one case that i altered to fit . ) 8 . plastic shield unknown .
i do find i have to push the bud in the ear at times , but i think that is more due to me trying to determine what is the best size earbud .
what can i say , igo is the best .
i was using an fm modulator , but did n 't like that with my iphone , it would create feedback in the car speakers , so i decided to switch over to a cassette adapter .
there 's a gap between it and the ear when it 's on .
i bought two of these as backup work chargers for our droids .
the other earphone is optional if you want total immersion in what you are listening to .
also , it does n 't look the same as in the amazon photos .
thankfully , there is a new option for cell phone owners with the deluxe smart clip .
they are somewhat easy to apply on , but they scratch really easily .
in most cases i only need to get 1 2 anyway so this is perfect . i have also used this to charge my neuxs7 and nexus10 , however the imp52d battery is n 't large enough to fully charge the nexus10 . another key feature is that there is n 't a separate wall charger for the imp52d .
i use one in my gym bag , one for another set of ear buds on my motorcycle keys .
i think there would be no problem fitting both the iphone and the jj case in this holster .
this is a defect in all devices that have a similar design . the earpiece is not suited for driving or walking .
it 's a complete waste of money and time !
there were several occasions when even after getting the soft dialer on the screen , the digits did not send out the tones on other occasions it did i was not able to figure out what i was doing differently to get consistent behavior .
it also comes equipped with a laser light and an led light that are nice add ons .
my employer just added support for windows mobile devices , so i 've replaced my 8700c with a cingular 8525 .
it works okay , but not as well as the higher priced ones .
the only issue is that it really needs an extra row of keys .
the main reasons you 'd want to get this case is for the ability to dock your iphone while keeping the case on ( an unfortunate rarity with cases ) and for the unmatched drop protection accomplished by the larger than average rubber case which even extends slightly past the screen of the iphone in case you drop it face down .
the orange case looks much better in person than it does in these pictures .
bottom line , i 'd gladly pay 2 or 3 times what amazon is charging for this headset , especially now that it has an answer call end button on it .
just works . my only issue is i wish you could plug in the iphone sync charge cable into this case so you can synch the phone .
seidio will sell the belt clip only but after shipping you might as well buy the whole thing over from amazon .
it stays put and i feel my phone is safe in this case .
it is pretty cheaply made and easy to mess up the dual coiling cables if you pull one end without pulling the other .
i get 6 7 hours on a full charge .
the retractable cord is just long enough to reach the cup holder in my truck where i usually put my phone .
my iphone did not fit in the case very disappointed .
if your looking for an adapter , this is it . . . .
then i bent the wire so that the earpiece fits snugly into my ear .
this is the oem battery for my old phone and it worked well .
still , there is the little matter of false advertising . . . they are calling this genuine oem .
now that ca requires a handsfree device it has been a chore to always ensure that i have a headset with me or in my car , charged and ready .
but that is a minor point , compared to the actual use of the grid .
i had lost the cd for the previous motorola phone tools and was unable to reinstall in my boot camp partition .
this is the maximum amount of current that the phone can request from the charger .
i went to put the lid on my smoothie and i knocked it over .
the controls are laid out very well like an old ipod without the touch wheel volume control .
protected my iphone once it already had a crack in the back from a lesser case .
although it was more ease to press the volume buttons , i had to apply more pressure against the power button .
this base looks great , is very solid , and works exactly as expected .
i presume it will work with other usb gadgets , but have n 't tried yet .
kind of a pain to apply .
although the amperage may be lower to oem standards , but it is good enough to charge your mobile phone in your car .
this is the original samsung charger and now he 's happy !
i wanted a nice case for my note 2 , in particular one the had a flip cover and was not just a plastic wraparound .
i chose the brand based on a solid year 's use of another blueant bluetooth speaker i had bought for another person as a gift . right away , one of the speakers was n 't ever working properly .
it has a small light that locates the usb slot for me in the dark .
if you look up , it hits your neck and moves the heaphones .
i would have been better off buying 2 separate chargers auto and wall for $ 5 each from cellularfactory than paying $ 30 for igo which comes with only one cable .
very fast shipment and it works great .
does not make the phone overly bulky .
i bought three of these so i would have one for my work computer , home computer , car charger , and use the original with the wall adapter .
the silicone is quality and very soft .
do n 't waste your time here they charge a 50 restocking fee for returns !
it appears to be used to enable two two usb devices to be plugged into one port .
another pretty phone case that i really love .
the goose neck is too hard to bend to shape and it does n 't stay put on the windshield very well either .
pros * * * * * 1 . call quality is good and voices sound natural . 2 . dedicated power button is a nice touch3 . 3 color led glow to indicate the battery life is useful to know when to charge . cons * * * * * 1 . if you are planning to use headset in noisy environments often , consider something with noise cancellation . 2 . fit can be better .
the black color will hide the dirt that is likely to gather on it .
it 's a great accessory with really great features .
have used it three days . it works well and came with a good set of accessories .
charging time is fast ( about half an hour to 40 min ) and best of all , you can charge 2 devices at the same time . pros sleek design , dual charging option , fast , small , easy to usecons only blue led lights that indicate the condition of the battery .
this one is slightly better than the $ 20 headset i was trying to replace , but worlds worse than just talking into a regular phone .
still have it , using it for target practice .
this is a great concept , and everything is good about it compared to a wired headset , except two things . first , there is a very little bit of static or fizzing sound in the background of listening to music with it from my smartphone .
when my wall charger shorted out , i used this to charge up my phone .
it does work but it became cumbersome .
these ear buds are just wonderful .
i have only tried the bending game to get the lost channel to come in . if you think the price is worth about 1 year of use , this is the cable you want to get .
this is a much nicer headset than the standard one that ships in the box with the blackberry .
i have been using plantronics for about 20 years .
the other will not stay together .
first of all , the battery cover wont properly latch into the phone and from time to time it will actually come off .
the wire in back will chafe your neck and grip your shirt collars , the buttons are not ideally placed , the ff rew vol switch is cool but slow to operate , and they 're inconvenient to charge .
i purchased plantronics 665 headset to replace blackberry 655 by plantronics that went through washing machine ( but surprisingly still worked fine after drying ) . my wife also has one of these and she loves it . i like 665 as much as i like 655 . the fit is comfortable and secure with the ear loop .
theres better ones out there , , , ie plantronics 510 and the voyager pro .
pros very small compaired to other battery packs i had in past with similar milliamps . two extra features that i use very often .
if you 're just tapping a smartphone you will probably be happier than if you bought it for your ipad . smartphones have smaller screens so this stylus despite its non responsiveness to some taps , does a better job than your finger for selecting web links or playing some games .
it seems to work fine with my wife 's tracfone a motorola ex124g but would not charge my tracfone an lg 500g . . .
the best car charger i 've ever purchased , its a rapid charger and ill most likely order more .
but this plantronics is the exact opposite of my original device .
i have to check the indicator light frequently to ensure my device is being charged .
i ordered this for my xbox 360 slim and it worked just as expected .
and all of the blogs yammering about military grade noise assasin technology made me think i could n 't go wrong . wrong . after purchasing it , i could n 't get it to stay in my ear , and i tried many ( i got bored after about a dozen ) iterations of over ear and in ear adjustments .
i tried changing chargers , cords and outlets and nothing would work .
finally choosing the one that was attached when i received it . the voice quality of both the transmission out and in is very good .
it works perfectly with our ipod touch , iphone and more ! ! it 's not too big and it 's not too small and the little red light showing it 's power is an added bonus .
not audiophile type headphones but for what they are they work very well .
pay little bit extra and get good quality and durable screen protector .
this pouch fits my iphone just fine in a very minimal way .
i bought these based on the glowing reviews and except for one key feature , they are fine .
the flip open design is especially nice .
not so with the motorola i 'm told it 's crystal clear . the only negatives i have are * the multifunction button has no tactile feel it leads you to press too hard , and too often .
the volume is good , and the sound quality is like listenting to high end speakers .
in addition , i have n 't experienced any problem at all getting the phone out of the holster .
you are best off using a paperclip and the results are the same .
it has nice ports where you can pop you phone right out with your finger , nice loop belt options and card slots .
it fits in my ear like it was made for it .
this works just fine to recharge my captivate .
i 've experimented with all different size earpads and had no luck . bottom line , if you listen to acoustic rock , modern rock , classic rock or jazz you 'll be pleased with the sound these put out .
i found these headphone nice , however they did n 't work for me .
i bought this headset for use with my ipad 2 for when i want to watch a movie or play angry birds and do n 't want to disturb anyone .
i ordered more of these spn5334a chargers to have in different parts of my house , and one for travel , and although when they came , each wrapped in a plastic bag with that number on the outside , one of the bags was n 't sealed , and inside it was one labeled spn5356a , also a motorola brand oem charger .
i bought this to split the audio from my computer to two sources , seems simple enough but after a while we noticed only the right channel was working , so i unplugged the splitter to find the tip of the plug ( approx .
it would be cool if there were a little storage drawer at the bottom of the device for the tips .
she already used screen protectors to keep from scratching , but the ifrogz case does a good job of keeping the rest protected while it 's in her purse .
needed the extra outlets for my accessories when i drive my cab , this was perfect as the usb allowed my iphone to charge without wasting another outlet , which i use to charge the radio and my gps .
the minimalistic design looks great but it forces the user to read the manual to understand how to turn on the laser , flashlight , and the charge function .
it works , no problemslong cord , works great , but itcost is higher than others , but soooo worth it .
i am using the smallest of the three covers and my ear is bruised .
this charger is a diamond in the rough .
will charge an ipad ( latest generation ) . plenty of capacity .
it feels a little awkward to me , although if you 're not moving it does stay in as long as you 've pulled your ear back while inserting it , which creates a clamp effect between your ear canal and the rubber insert .
it has held a charge great .
you can charge the case , and the case will hold one full charge for the headset , so that when you put the headset in the case it will charge . . . and it will not overcharge so you do n 't have to worry about overcharging the battery !
put it together , no more oily spots . is bulky and does n 't fit well in the windshield mounted iphone holder . the holder that comes with it is terrible .
other than that . . . this is a great headset .
my samsung sch i760 easily links up with this device .
the ones i have were black rhino . i hated the cases but the holster is a perfect fit for this box wave case .
only the plastic prying tool seems a bit flimsy , but it nevertheless held up to some hard prying without breaking .
it works really great with my samsung t609 . once you have bluetooth enabled on your phone , everything else works smooth .
after reading the directions , i plugged the unit in to charge , and waited , and waited , and waited .
the coiled cable is another pro of this charger and it is long enough to reach almost any point in the car 's dash .
rubber tips tend to jerk to a halt when they hit a greasy fingerprint .
the bluetooth syncing and operation is very easy to set up and the connection is good .
this digitizer was easy to install , and it worked great .
i purchased these stereo bluetooth headphones for use with my blackberry curve 8900 . these headphones work well indoors with no problems with connectivity , however the story is quite different when i am outside with the blackberry in my pocket . . . the reception cuts in and out to the point where its unusable .
works great good quality perfect fit as described .
it fits like a glove and very substantial .
even in a chair it tends to dislodge the ear buds .
my wife who normally likes no gadgets in the windshield just loved my iphone there .
it can both sync and charge .
we are a family of 4 with many portable devices and most all use the same micro usb style charger .
the bright color is fun and makes it easy to find .
i wish it could charge a xoom , but i guess that requires a higher voltage .
with this headset , i have had no complaints that callers ca n 't hear me or complaints of interference .
so make sure you order the tip for your device along with the charger .
adds a sense of security to have the blackberry car charger , for me .
it works really well , and it lasts a very long time on a charge .
it comes with a cloth and 2 screen protectors ( cheap ones , but it 's a nice touch ) .
product works as is advertised to protect your screen from scratches .
everything works fine , but it can only sustain less than two days for very lightweight use ( most of the time in standby status ) i ordered two sony ericsson w600i from wirefly , they are bundled with cingular family share plan .
it is a nice case , fits well and it is easy to insert and remove my ipod touch .
this pu case seems fairly protective for the note 3 as long as it 's closed .
i only bought it for xbox live but it works great with cell phones too .
i appreciate the quality , discrete design , and the magnetic holder feature .
fits any phone that needs a micro usb charger cable .
however , their fast and courteous customer service more than made up for the delay .
when i saw the ear hook , i was like what !
this little pack is a rare value .
adding the external antenna seems to increase the range of the base unit . update ( 09 13 10 ) i have found one complaint .
this did n 't work in my phone .
the speakers on the device are crazy loud and you wont have any trouble hearing the person on the line .
i stopped using mine and went back to the the marware sport grip case which can get really linty but holds the phone nice and snug .
the tip of the ones i got were a glossy rubber which i 'm not sure if this is just my phone or if it effects all glass phones but the glossy rubber is kind of hard to use on the screen since it grips the screen like dragging well . . . . rubber on glass .
paring is not an issue with wired devices . . . . . ; )
i have never noticed any echo effects when using this ear piece and i can hear my callers with crystal clarity .
microphone comes in well to boot .
overall , the new trent itorch is an excellent way to extend battery life when a charger may not be accessible .
unless blueant gets a more durable headset and better customer service , i do n 't think it 's worth the premium pricing of their products .
i especially like the clever case which not only protects the earpiece , but recharges it as well !
the only downside and the difference between 4 5 stars was that it did not behave well with my jabra earwrap the remote button did not work and the speakerphone is a joke .
in the process of returning , apparently received a defective unit , that would not pair with my car or any of my bluetooth enabled phones .
something i love about this is that the iphone speakers are on the bottom but the mophie speakers are on the front which is so much nicer , so it actually increases your phone volume .
the colors are great and durability is amazing !
this item was recommended as a piggyback purchase when i purchased a plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset .
this screen protecter was good but it hurt my eyes with the mirrior when i was outside with the glare
the vast majority of the time , my basement reception is still horrible .
this dual usb adaptor feels much better , better built and more sturdy than the cheap junk that walmart and other electronics stores are selling ( for more ) . i bought this because it and a usb cable were cheaper than the car charger for my phone .
they send you a whole credit card sized piece of plastic with this .
all the function button work ! ! ! ! ! ( at least with my iphone 3gs ) which is a problem with most bluetooth headsets .
a full charge from empty takes over 12 hours .
be sure you get the right adapter .
the speaker is very loud when speaking to someone and the voice quality is clear .
this product is wonderful . positives brand name cable attractive ( the m logo glows a bright blue when you are charging no looking for a tiny light , or worse , no charging indicator at all ) usb plug fits the phone perfectly .
the blueant and the jawbone were some of the most uncomforable headsets that i ever bought and on top of that the call quality was n 't even near the quality of both incoming and out going that the voyager pro has . the voyager pro headset can be worn all day long with no discomfort .
i paid $ 30 for the case , $ 5 for shipping to me .
the description of this item was dead on , it hooked right up , and began it 's full charge immediately .
looks like genuine motorola charger , just like the original one that came with the phone .
first , i like the blue glow this charger puts off . ( others have expressed disdain ) . second , it charges my phone extremely fast .
combine the genuine motorola quality with hollycell 's extremely low price and the fast free delivery makes this an absolute recommended buy to anyone needing this model .
when using the nook reader , i just dropped the imp500 in my shirt pocket connected to the reader by the nook usb cable .
it makes it easy to charge the mp3 player without plugging in to the computer .
at this cost , it is a bargain . caution although amazon . com states that it is for apple iphone , ipod . . . , apple has a strict policy about the use of non apple products being used on their products .
it is fair to middling decent for tapping there 's no sliding involved , and substantial pressure . flicking and other dragging gestures just simply do n 't work well with this stylus . so unless you find typing and button pushing highly problematic on the iphone 4 , and do n 't mind carrying around a tool exclusively for those specific tasks , i suggest skipping this .
the battery life is great too . its downsides are the multifunction button that is way to easy to press , and the fact that it does not have the ability to filter out non voice sounds .
there are some flaws and depending on your use i 'd say they are minimal at worst ! 1 . the skin around the touch screen lock unlock should have been thinner , . .
i am not sure if this is due to the blackberry or the headphones itself .
the comfort , sound and ease of setup to my iphone were great .
this charger does the job intended .
here are a few more words to meet the minimum word requirement .
the folding blades make this more portable than the chargers that come with some blackberry models that have adapters for different countries .
this is a real sic card tray from a real iphone 3gs , the serial is 5k930k sy7h , and the imei is 011935003731469 , and these information were really on the sim card tray i bought from them .
it is as described and looks like an note book .
this portable usb port car charger is a must have for people on the go .
pictures would have you believe this a near mil spec case , protecting your phone from shock , moisture and dirt .
standby and talk times are very good . unless you just have to have a super fancy headset , do yourself a favor and give this one a shot .
this works with all of my phones and works well .
i do not have chubby cheeks either .
i travel with this cable all the time , extra convenient for watching netflix in the hotel room !
here is my reasons . 1 . it kept my iphone slim . 2 . the grip is sticky enough to hold but slippery enough for my pants pockets . 3 . it molds onto the iphone perfectly and both side are black , not painted over as in my previous corzip skin .
the part i like about these cables is that they plug into your phone even if you have a a cover on it .
it tears away from the leather backing and then the phone can just drop off your waist .
like many smartphones , the palm pixi , pre , pre plus , and pre2 are battery hogs , but the palm phones' tiny batteries make it even more evident .
product came in nicely packaged and protected .
these screen protectors work great for my wife 's new iphone .
this information came from a very honest and helpful tech support person at wilson . i returned this unit and have opted not to purchase another since the appropriate booster for my home would cost thousands .
got this thing out of the mail and after charging it and syncing with my bb bold , it gave and sent out a clear volume .
it even lets you know when your charge is complete , by the solid green indicator light , great purchase !
the pen works fine , the rubber tip provides reasonable responsiveness , but the cap can be easily lost and the pen is too thin for my taste .
price was less than i thought it would be considering the high quality look .
did n 't like the antenna , but hey the phone range and made calls .
other than that it 's a great little headset .
the case does not add a lot of extra thickness to the phone and it is very easy to remove .
charging can be a bit of a chore if your car does not keep power to the accessory jack with the engine off . billh
they could have just tinted the plastic or used a dimmer led .
it 's an average quality case skin and will do the trick .
once it was in there it did n 't charge it but it charged my ipod .
so far i have only used this is as stereo headset .
one full cell phone charge is more than tolerable for the size price . original review if you 're looking for the simplest of conveniences , look no further .
i knew there was no secure flap .
i ca n 't believe how nice this case looks and how well it functions for the price .
only alerts for incoming calls . even though this is my first bluetooth headset , overall the pros outweigh the cons and i 'd definitely recommend this headset !
if you do not like bud earphones you will hate this product .
thickness is about doubled , and the phone is extended a little bit .
so i went back and ordered the nokia oem ca 53 usb data cable , great choice ! i 've had the cable for about a year now and overall , it works great .
the cord is slightly annoying , but works better than most car chargers so would definitely recommend
it is a very small , very light weight box that can just dangle from an mp3 player ( ipod ) or be held on with a rubber band .
and it lights up blue and matches my vw dash so that 's cool . . . does what it says . . . i bought it because it was motorola brand unlike the other cheapos they have on here . . . also bought a car usb port and it works with my cable to , still not as cool . .
it is fairly bright and can be used as a flashlight .
well i really liked this case .
the wall charger was also compatible with apple 's usb cable . i have not tried the car charger but i will mainly use the wall charger so i am not in that much of a hurry to test it out .
but at over $ 8 . 00 in shipping ( they come from singapore ) , you can probably fashion a better thumb drive holder by using parts of old key chains .
it turns out that most of them fall under the wireless store mantra . sell crap for more . but this headset sounds good plus you can step on it , drop it , loan it do a drunk friend , and then have it fall out of a car , and it still works .
that is 5 years of technology upgrades and advances !
a handy adapter for items in the car that need a charge in the house , when not in the car .
one jawbone broke before even first use after the battery was fully charged half of the jawbone came off with the charger when we tried to disconnect it horrible charger connection .
the price is right , delivery is quick it works with the 3gs .
very good phone charger , it charges very quick and without any issues . i bought it for my nexus 5 .
the belt clip is very tight , and the second time i put it on my belt , the leather covering it tore and came off .
i have disconnected numerous calls trying to adjust the jawbone 's position or the volume because touching the outer skin of the unit in any way hangs up the call . 3 . sound quality is horrible .
the last headset i had was difficult for me to synch with my phone , this jabra synched for me right away .
again , it 's seemgingly large size belies the comfort one experiences while wearing this headset .
local retailers and wireless companies will rob you for replacement batteries .
the headset is adjustable so you can choose which ear to place it in . keep in mind though that this ear piece will have to go into the ear canal .
i have aninvisibleshieldprotecting the screen ( front only ) on my iphone and this case compliments it perfectly without hindering the performance of either product .
it 's a snazzy looking case and looks nice on the phone but it has to many flaws . it comes in 2 pieces and when you put it on your iphone it connects in the middle .
i am using the largest rubber thingy and it is still somewhat loose in my ear .
first , i found the sound level to be too low .
if you buy this , i would recommend saving the packaging in case you need a return . another word of caution under the standard apple operating system , not all applications support video out through the port at the bottom of the device .
this unit will not sync your blackberry it will only charge it .
when i saw that vine was offering lowepro d wrap , i jumped on it because i own several point and shoot cameras .
i use this headset at work and i only had this for a few months , after using it the over the head part that holds the bluetooth broke in half where you adjust the size for your head , it snapped one day when taking it off my head , i am gonna get a replacement but they need to make it out of a better plastic .
so , this time i wanted to be sure that i got a brand name , reliable charger that lasts and the glowing blue center is a pretty cool feature at night also . thanks ,
item is compatible with iphone 4s .
this is just a rubber shell .
may get another color in the future
all my previous concerns or issues were easily resolved by looking up how to fix them ( such as calibrating the touch screen ) on the verizon site .
but playing with angles locations will almost assure a spot you 'll be happy with . company very wisely included a plate to replace the suction cup which has a very strong adhesive on back .
overall , i really like this case .
nice case , protective and good looking , it also has a nice changing texture in some areas .
everything is original though , the wire and the plug in unit .
the ear pieces would not stay on the jawbone , and they would no longer stay firmly in my ear .
after over a month of daily use , the phone is in good shape and the belikin shield sheer matte case is doing of good job of protecting it . all in all , a good case at a decent price .
the call quality was really good , even in a noisy environment , the background noise was filtered better than expected .
one you may try that has worked for me is the h500 . cheap looks ok and best of all , it works ! ! ! ! oh yeah my razor had a hard time linking to the h3 .
i took a look at the stylus and noticed a spot of the fabric had worn off , revealing the rubber tip underneath .
i love everything multifunctional convertible .
i ordered several of these to go with double car usb chargers , and for only a couple dollars , i now have chargers to keep in my glovebox of every car .
i think jabra has bad quality control .
looking for an oem replacement . . . this is it .
it has no charger nor a gps or a voice amplifier .
i am typing this the day after installing my second power support anti reflective screen set .
the reviewer who says the ear piece is too snug should use a smaller ear piece there are 3 different sizes that come with the headset for each ear .
it 's fairly attractive compared to other bluetooth headsets , and i 've yet to experience any issues as far as moving with it in .
it has a mechanical slide on off switch so you can leave it off and flip it on instantly when the phone rings .
you charged my card but no product . .
i usually keep the phone in my purse and i have probably removed the case three times to clean the crannies around the edge of the glass .
sturdy and made with good quality .
the protector applies easily and the privacy works well without dimming the screen too much .
the dogtag chain relieves strain from the earbuds and can be hidden discreetly under your shirt .
but , those two usability issues will bother a lot of people .
these are inexpensive and barely work .
good cable that works for my galaxy note 2 .
i recently realized that the navigon gps navigation on my iphone 3gs was actually better than the navigation software installed on my jaguar x type .
my phone is silver with white keys and it looks fine with the black case also . glad i bought it !
no matter the cpu or usb 2 . 0 , or 3 . 0 , even usb plug adapter this item still non functional it tries to connect you hear see the signs but never makes it .
i have a motorola droid smart phone that eats battery power for lunch , especially when using the gps feature , so i needed a car charger for longer car trips .
my husband wanted a case to wear on his belt .
i have an app that shows the actual charging rate .
because of that small size , it takes only a second to plug the earpiece into the ear and i do not wear it unless i am on a call .
this charger does not charge rapidly , it 's just a normal charger .
the color pops out so well .
the cover is kinda long , and the belt clip does n 't swivel , but until someone makes something designed for the iphone 5 , this works pretty well .
especially if you want a belt carrier for your iphone or other similar smart phone without the bulk of a protective cover .
this one fits over her ear and works great .
i 've tried 4 different bluetooth devices that cost 3x as much as this one .
this case is better than the $ 30 case i used before .
i have found cingular to be by far the worst in terms of dropped calls in the sf bay area .
the software that runs the headset is not as advanced as the lg , it does n 't announce the battery level and it can only be connected to one device at a time .
their listing is up to 3 hours . there 's no way you can get that much talk time out of this .
all in all , it 's a great case .
it just works easy to pair , automatic connection when i turn it on , good sound quality .
i love it because when i need a spare cord phone while traveling i can use the spare cord and it really works .
of course now it has come down in price drastically and became too good of a purchase to pass on . the order arrived early and my only complaint with the seller is that they repackaged the headset . this device works great as a hands free driving device and if you want to listen to music you just attach the external ear speaker .
if its in my work bag , backpack on a hike , or in my kid 's diaper bag . . .
note that remove the pin from this cheap adapter , not your precious phone . the way i removed the pin was by using a sewing needle to pry the pin out of its location .
like every otterbox product i have owned this is well built and does its job well .
the included screen protector is thick and will protect the screen well . very good value for the money .
the mirror gives plenty of protection and style for your phone , but i 've seen ones that are more glare resistant .
the essence of an iphone is still there .
i thought it was a gimmick on the rapid charge but its not .
i make a living on the phone , so others being able to hear me is very important . i have ended up getting a ge tl26593 earset microphone by jasco which has worked the best so far .
the soft rubber ear hook is gentler to my sensitive ear , and i 've never had a problem with poor signal or dropped connections .
the title to this review summarizes these headphones .
works great keeping my phone full during trips , and auto charge tapering wo n 't overcharge when it 's done .
i like to change covers , wallets and cases and sometimes you need certain tools for different cases .
i have n 't checked , but i suspect its voltage output is low and causes a higher amperage draw .
on the first try , i did not get it exactly where i wanted it on the nightstand i nearly lifted the loaded and heavy nightstand off the floor to get the touchstone pulled free . the magnets in the base and phone back work to align the two so that charging can commence !
it has never fallen off . it 's good for the gps on the phone , the ipod feature , and using the phone with a speaker . works well on my new iphone4 as well .
i just spent the last month trialing 6 different bluetooth headsets .
none of them provide the same level of voice isolation and lightweight capabilities that this bluetooth does .
it has good reception , feels sturdy , and price from amazon was really good .
i used 3 of the 5 screens so far and they all look horrible .
its got a led pointer which is great for presentations and the battery also charges my iphone .
people i spoke with had no problem hearing me even with my sunroof all the way open .
this cover protects the screen nicely from scratches , however , it smudges something fierce .
i might have been sent the wrong item , but the invoice and package do not indicate that .
this is a bad charger it does not work properly and it has a really bad shortage .
my phone never runs out of power !
i have owned 4 speck candy shell cases previously and all have served the family well .
this earpiece worked well for me .
invisible shield is impossible to apply properly .
in fact , they say it 's clearer than if i were on a wired earpiece .
while i do find the iphone screen simple to use , i thought i could get some extra finesse with this thing . well , finess is one thing it does not have .
definitely get it while supplies last .
my phone sits in a dock 90 of the time it is in my car and is in landscape mode .
have an aneurism , stroke , or headache and get treated like c $ p by there customer service .
very loud and clear sounding , both ways . decent battery life .
the usb cut out on my phone case was n 't very big and i wanted to be able to charge without taking it on and off this works perfectly .
this does n 't charge the device as fast as plugging it into the wall , but it 's better than nothing .
simple rubber case that appears to provide some nice all around protection .
as another reviewer mentioned , these are a bit thicker and heavier than the stock battery ( about 1 2 mm thicker and 30 or so heavier ) . the back of the phone takes a little bit more force to click into place as a result , no big deal .
performs exactly as advertised . it 's very sturdily built , and provides lots of boost . it does exactly what it 's supposed too . easy to insert phone in and out . definitely a 5 star experience .
my only gripe is that it uses a micro usb to charge , so you 'll need an adapter or buy a micro usb cord if you lose the included adapter .
fits the bill for an additional charger for travel purposes .
folding prongs are a little rickety , but other than that , perfect .
not sure it will work ok on a construction site like in their advertisement . the downsides poor wind blocking abilities ( important for outdoor biking users ) , however i do not know any devices that address this issue . and proprietary connector ( very convenient , though )
luckily , i do n 't need glasses to drive .
it is a good quality case , well made and sturdy but they advertise that it will scanners that it clearly can not .
what grabbed me is the combination of mobile charger , flashlight and laser pointer .
it is sturdy without being bulky , and since my mom usually carries her phone in her back pocket , it is perfect because it slides out of the pocket easily .
a little staticky in places but i have n 't isolated if that is the phone , vonage , or the conference service i use . setup was straight forward and setting the time and date are easy .
bought for my security system , and works just like the original .
cons they are considerably heavier than corded headphones and become a bit uncomfortable after an hour .
i have n 't used this pair much myself but the part that goes around your ears is similar to the s9 's which i think is very comfortable .
thats why i like rubber cases like this , or whatever you call the material .
another great feature is turning off the blue blinky led , so you can be a bit more disreet when calling .
very pleased with these sony ear buds after six or so months of use .
it came on timeit works properlyit connected my cell in an easy waynice device to have at home in order to use the cell via cordless phone
i 'm really unimpressed with this headset .
i 'm sure it adds to their bottom line .
its better than those $ 20 cases in the mall !
also with every other usb device i 've needed to charge . the led light that indicates you are plugged in correctly is very helpful . these are great for rental cars and travel .
we both liked it , when it worked , but after a short drop from the dashboard to the carpeted floor , it stopped working .
i do n 't know , i 've always liked high tech and loved the idea of bluetooth , even though it tends to make one look like a space alien contacting the mother ship or a blathering fool until someone notices the bluetooth unit in your ear . but i 've never gotten good reception with bluetooth units or enough batter life .
the device works fine and has a beautiful appearance , but they sound like something found in the dollar bin at dollar general .
excellent speed and efficiency charging , would recommend .
i live on the edge of getting a good phone signal .
3 4 less than retail outlet just as good quality .
i also listen to music with them while studying and they are comparable there too . s10 benefit the s10 came with a much better package , i use it for storing the headphones when not in use since both of them seem semi fragile when not on . the s10 came with 4 very different sets of ear buds for a variety of preferences and canal sizes .
one fits over my ear perfectly while the second unit takes a little more time to secure because the ear hook is kind of loose .
i can finallly listen to howard via my sirius xm account , , or my ipod !
unless you live far from one , you can save shipping and just pick these up there . second , charging $ 15 for two pieces of plastic film is a bit much .
this charger does n 't work very well .
i bought this primarily to use with skype .
on the holster there is a spring loaded clip that brakes a bit to early and often .
that support contact was a dream .
had no trouble with it falling out of the psp like some others have commented on .
touchstone charger is really convenient , especially when you have to charge the phone everyday at least once .
the case is well made and all openings line up with buttons , lights , speakers , etc .
very small , can be awkward to keep in ear
i only rated this charger two stars because it takes so long for this second battery to charge .
with the weight of the phone , it will flip over if it 's not clipped onto a belt .
i am still looking for the perfect iphone case .
loud buses or traffic does n 't make a difference .
i bought these eargels for my bluetooth , which happens to be a samsung wep200 , and it fit it perfectly .
the leather is very high quality and the clasp very strong .
most slim cases at least have a little wrap around for the bottom edges , this case does n 't even try . the good thing is that it looks like they did put more effort into the belt clip . for the price , i will say it is okay .
the ring tones is jarring and the voice is low .
still , i 'm pleased with this charger and will probably order another one . ana mardoll
the price is much better than the $ 20 charged by the apple store .
then i realized that it also clipped off just as effortlessly .
it s comfortable to wear , however it has trouble maintaining the bluetooth connection to his iphone 4s .
ordered for a motorala razor and perfomed well for the life of the product ! easy to use and replace when needed .
duh . summary pros * lightweight * comfortable * got a good price on ebay ( $ 42 shipped for new ) * easy to usecons * range , range , range !
if i get it to rest on the top of my ear so it is on securely , the length going to the end of the earpiece is too long and extends below where it is supposed to fit into the ear .
i like the blue light that lights up when you plug it in , that way you know that it is charging .
no , i 'm not an aerobic instructor !
i 've been unable to find a micro micro usb extension so i may switch to an power adapter with a socket and just use a long regular usb cable .
also , when the battery is fully charged , the palm seems to go into a cycle every minute of starting charging ( and the palm beeps ) , then finishes , then starts again . . . it also gets quite warm , which i guess should be expected for an inductive charger .
my hubby works construction and needed a phone case that was vertical and had the belt loop and was canvas , this phone fits the bill on all accounts !
then , the wires on the inside wore out .
the sound quality is far better and louder than motorola bluetooth i used before .
the low end is just so weak !
does n 't stick very well and lots of bubbles .
works great was easy to use and great direction .
it does give you some static noise from time to time .
looks great when plugged in and charging . . . exceptionally fast in it s ability to charge .
the wep 301 ca n 't be used in some cars at highway speeds because it picks up too much noise .
i had my own micro usb wall charger so i simply plugged it in to the back of this dock and as soon as i placed my galaxy s3 on it , it immediately started charging .
working on small electronic devices is hard enough without the right tools .
i have the samsung galaxy blaze charges my phone just fine .
however , when i use it with a single device it works perfect .
it meets and exceeds the motorola standards that we all respect .
i 've had one before by the same manufactuer .
most of the time i am just using it to hook up to a computer to charge .
easy to use . one con i could use this headset without any problems .
while they 're definitely better than the abysmal headphones , i really think it 's worth spending a bit more to buy something that utilizes bluetooth 2 . 0 edr technology for better sound quality . setup was actually impressively easy .
where it lagged , however , was in audio quality .
the noise cancellation feature is the best ! ! ! ! no more wind , background noise etc .
although the torch was n 't listed in the list of supported devices , i took a chance since the connector is the same ( microusb ) . when i plug in the charger it charges for a few seconds then stops .
same as the at t stores sell for a reduced price .
the first is an intuitive text entry method where the phone guesses the words that you are trying to type and displays them on the screen for you to choose .
i really like the spigen nano for the record .
its a good idea , but it tends to stick out more than the rest of the case .
i wanted the most protective cover i could buy .
when that background noise is loud enough , the other person ca n 't even break in to tell you they ca n 't hear you . . . enter the jawbone ii .
i liked the case , and for the amount of money paid , its a good buy , i personally like stronger cases , this is very flexible and indeed looks like a hard case , a little bit of more firmness would n 't hurt . protects very well the phone as well as the camera lens there is not one single part of the phone touching the surface of the table when i leave it there .
apparently not all microusb cables are the same .
it also looks nice on the bedside table .
it works , what else is there to say ? the only thing that caught me off guard is the power led on the charger only lights up if the phone is plugged into it .
life with the itorch 5200 is very easy for someone on the go .
the leather ear loops are extremely comfortable .
i also found it easier to use a credit debit card to push it down evenly as to not leave bubbles underneath .
the buttons and controls are easy to use and intuitive .
this was just what i needed to be able to hook up external speakers to my iphone 2g in the office as well as allow me to use my expensive headphones on it . alan reiley . . .
cable works perfectly as a data sync and charging cable for my lg vx8350 . lowest shipped price i have found . great find as it is very difficult to identify these lg cables that do both usb data and usb charging .
the price ca n 't be beat since a cable will cost a bit more then just this adapter alone . 5 5
in the past i 've avoided cases with spring metal clips like the plague , instead opting for those with plastic clips .
great price for this as well ! $ 5 . 55 with free shipping !
much better price than cell service carrier i 'm gonna order for my kids phones too .
messenger . i like the built in camera and i find i do n 't miss having a palm at all especially now that you can use intellisync with the sidekick 2 to sync all your contact calendar information with your desktop computer .
the best part is the adjustable amplifier if i have distortion from the sound out of my cell phone , i can increase or decrease both the output from the cell phone itself and the amplifier on the headset , and i usually can maximize the sound and minimize distortion .
callers cannot tell you are on a bluetooth and you can hear the callers very clearly .
i recently used this cord with myflip minohd camcorder 2nd generation , 2 hours ( brushed metal ) and it made my little camera 1000x better .
once opened , you need a pair of tweazers to pull the battery out .
i thought my tablet might need cleaning , so i wiped it down with a spritz of windex .
this item also was a good battery backup source .
it is perfectly fit for me and i am satisfied with the quality of voice both ways . pros 1 . very flexible and can fit as u like . 2 . can be used on both ears3 . voice activated dialing works , so it is convenient to call someone while driving . 4 . battery retains charge for quite long time , depending on your talk time . 5 . filter for air noise works .
each headset is great , while it works .
overall this is a great case and other forms of screen protection can be used in conjunction with this case .
also , it would be a great plus if it has a mini pocket for additional memory card or battery . the wrap is black and elegant .
why pay their 500 mark up when you do n 't have to .
i 'm used to a bluetooth with an over the ear hook , so this takes gettting used to .
my overall experience with this headset thus far has been excellent .
battery life is great , about one week between charges .
i own tons of external batteries for my apple devices .
when you put it away it retracts into the case like magic .
these tools gets the job done .
if you 've used their bluetooth headsets before and liked them , the 925 will not disappoint .
there isnt another case for your iphone out there that can offer the same level of protection that the otterbox defender can .
cable came and syncing was not an issue for me at all .
helps keep the cable organized when the full length is not needed .
the led flashes diferently ( different colors , intervals ) for various modes but it is difficult to see the led while pushing and holding the button .
the jawbone does n 't do this . while the jawbone 's noise cancellation does seem good that 's about all it has going for it because your voice still sounds muffled , soft and digital like .
it 's maybe not the most stylish headset in the market nowadays , but it works great and has great voice quality .
touchflo 3d is a great addition to this phone and makes is very easy to access the features you want to get to quickly .
and it does it 's primary function well .
rip off ! ! ! air bubbles are pretty easy to deal with .
mighty motorola ca n 't make a car charger that lasts longer than a cheap , no name flea market usb charger ? i am disappoint . . .
especially , this item is cheap price , and it has 3 pack include clean cloth . . !
the symptoms are audio but no video .
it costs almost twice as much but looks alot tougher . the stand looks like it 's made of hard rubber and appears fairly durable .
this item works just fine on my verizon htc thunderbolt .
i had to switch to verizon and an iphone in order to get a decent cell phone signal . if you can find one cheap enough , it 's an interesting little device to use with wi fi .
listeners at the other end sometimes complain of muffled voice .
but that is not why i bought this adapter .
not only were i able to use it for my ps3 , but it doubled as a bluetooth earpiece for my mobile phone .
if you are used to better quality sound , then you will notice the poor sound quality in these headphones .
got this at a great amazon price .
what can i say it 's a ipod usb
i 've used it with my htc and now with my unlocked iphone using btstack keyboard from cydia .
the ends are nice quality and pretty sturdy and the thick cable is nicely insulated , less likely to have interference from crimping . my less than perfect rating is that there should be an option for shorter lengths or at least it should come with a winding system .
the keyboard syncs cleanly with an ipad 2 and , if you can tolerate the way it rocks back and forth as you type , it works fine .
i had to replace the battery at 18 months but it cost $ 10 with shipping online for a genuine motorola battery .
not much can be said , it 8217 ; s a car charger .
i 'll now have to deal with the warranty dept of motorola i suppose .
the point of a case is to protect your phone .
they look the same as the real apple usb cables but they feel different ( smoother texture ) and are a few centimeters shorter .
plantronics is the only brand i 've purchased more than 1 of .
it has a small manufacturing defect where you enter the sim , has a protruding plastic to be lifted in order to enter it .
this looked like an interesting and relatively low cost option for my wife 's car cell phone , since she has n 't found a bluetooth headset that fits her ear comfortably .
it has such a cute design and ( even though made of hard plastic ) is very durable .
it has 3 charging ports , two with usb connectors that you can plug any sync cable into and one short micro usb cable that is attached to the battery pack and conveniently folds away into the side of the pack . the charging cable is attached and it too tucks away into the opposite side of the pack from the micro usb cable .
also comes with a small pouch to store everything in .
no gaps or flimsy rubber on this .
i am able to use voice commands to call a person on my contact list .
not a good thing for a car charger .
i have no use for the regular usb slot that is on the top of adapter and pretty much thought the thing was bulky and an eye sore .
upon receiving it , i loved the size and sleekness of the product and immediately began to charge it up to try it out .
it comes with a caribiner so you can attach it to something else , like a backpack .
this 520 headset is better than the att v521 , which i had before and people said they could n 't hear me well at all on that .
maybe it 's just my particular skin oils , but after about two weeks , the gels absorb oil from my skin and get rather slippery .
maybe they will have fuel cells , or body powered devices , or brain implant so you can just stop using blackberry iphone or maybe i 'll have a personal assistant who carries my blackberry , phone , watch or whatever so i do n 't need to bother .
description says iphone 5 , 5s , and 5c , but i 've plugged in all sorts of things that have a usb charger and it works great . worth the money ! !
the setting is so perfect that my iphone is hidden but easily accessible . they must add holder which can mount on car vent and second holder can fit iphone with bumber or work as bumper .
i tried it and it works great , i love the blue light its so pretty it charges my droid pro faster than the charger i use in the house !
first , let me just say to those who bash this phove because of t mobile , stop !
it wiggles around and looks bad as well .
good cheap car charger that looks good as well .
i had issues with the set sticking to my car .
the case came close to the outside of the delivery deadline .
the magnetic mount is great when you flip the visor down to block the sun , you can just slide the unit around to the other side of the visor and keep on talking .
i purchased this cable for my itouch that i have in a power case and i needed it for the headset cable .
works the way it should , no complaints here !
it fits so perfectly , you 'd think that it was meant to be a second skin for the phone .
i have verified this . the dial pad does not have a builtin speaker ( except for a beep when keys are pressed ) , nor a microphone , so it ca n 't work standalone ; you do have to use the headset . i do n 't have caller id so i ca n 't review that feature . there is some background hum when making a call .
i love the fact that it has a standard usb output , and not the horrible proprietary tip system in the xp600 . it charges through a miniusb port and has a reset button although i 'm not sure why . this device adds about 1260mah to my nexus 4 , which is n 't too bad .
there are clips available that fit over a variety of other iphone cases , but not the mophie .
the pizza sign probably draws 1 2 amps or so by itself , with the zune and phone pulling a little over an amp combined if the batteries are low .
however i just did not enjoy the size of this behind the ear unit , found it to be too big .
price less than $ 1 . 00 ea .
most of the cases had very mixed reviews .
it turned out to be the color black but its fine with me
i agree with the other reviewers , max range is probably 10 feet .
i have used a jawbone headset in the past and this one is lighter and more comfortable . charging is easy to do with the three included chargers .
people do not even know i am using a headset .
i found charging it took no time at all it fits perfect on the visor just above where i talk .
i returned this product because it was clearly a used headset .
first is the way the pop out microphone also turns the unit on and off .
the charger appears to as well made as the other after market chargers i purchased previously for my e book reader , pda , camera , etc . , and at less than 25 of the cost .
this thing is super cheap , as in thin metal alloy , poorly molded plastics , it does n 't even have a ul certification . . . i 'm guessing this cost less than 50 cents a unit to manufacture and it shows unfortunately . . .
my case has texture on the outside , so the holder grips is well enough , but it would not grip the bare phone well .
wish it was a 5 pack .
normal wear and tear to the dog chewing on it .
i bought this headset to replace my beloved bluefox 401s .
the contact with my ear was n 't very firm and the ambient noise that the headsets let in coupled with a relatively low volume meant that i had to press the headset to my ear to hear clearly . i gave it 2 stars rather than one because of the great battery life . i finally bought a plantronics 510 and have been very satisfied .
it would not stay in my ear .
they charge in about the same amount of time or maybe a little faster than the factory chargers .
would fit a large phone with case .
when trying to use them with my iphone charger , they constantly disconnect and reconnect , which causes the charging indicator sound to go off all the time .
for the price convenience , it 's not a bad trade off .
pros good constructionpairingbattery lifecons even though the volume can be set to loud , you still hear too much ambient noise while listening to music . conclusion if you do n 't mind hearing everything else while you are listening to music , these are excellent headphones .
i peeled the backing on the sticky side , aligned it , and pressed from one edge to the other .
written instructions were not very accurate . i made my first call with it ( have not tried voice dial ) , and the sound quality is awesome .
in fact , as soon as the call started ringing , the volume of the music shot up to its highest level . overall , this unit offered the comfort level and fit that i was looking for but none of the really useful things i need .
i bought 3 of these for an evo 4g and a win 7 phone .
there is a 3 . 5mm jack opening for your headphones but not the charger , the other opening you see is for a speaker i believe . still since you do n 't need to charge these too often , it 's a great case .
the torx screwdrivers were great , the tweesers were substandard , and the spluger was very cheap , mine broke the first time i used it .
the phone does not fit into this junky case properly .
no power was flowing through the device at all .
upon leaving she noticed her phone on the bumper .
the plastic window makes the motorola m glow a subdued blue , but it 's not too bright as to be distracting so i do n 't mind it . another thing to note , the coiled cord is softer than the verizon cord but seems to retain it 's shape .
this headset already has enough wireless range to cover half the floor in my building , so the ability to answer the phone at such a distance is extremely useful in a bunch of situations .
i can hear just fine and regular volume is just fine , but if they have a way for you to adjust it then i need to hear a noticeable difference between the lowest setting and the highest setting . other than that i 'm very happy with my wireless headset and would definately get another plantronics headset .
i do like the volume rocker on the samsung more .
this is the same charger samsung sells for $ 20 , at a fraction of the cost .
it 's very slick with no grip on the edges .
even though it was an oe charger i do n 't know if it was a charger or a droid x problem but the phone sometimes would not charge on this even though the light was on .
works , nothing special , but good value for the money .
this is the best car charger i have ever had .
the plug has strain relief and the wiring is thin but more rugged than expected .
also , it does not work w the iphone my ears were almost blasted off when i tried them .
out of the package there was a crease on the top of it which left a bubble on it .
work great with our samsung phones .
clear sound both sending and receiving .
so if you are looking for only the outside cover and not the hard case , this product is great .
i took it apart to see the problem and found it to be a bad design in which it allows the spring in the center to short on the grounded outer portion .
however , the plantronics literature for this model clearly states that users will have 33 feet to roam . in my experience , using a blackberry 8700g , this is just false .
i will be ordering more items from this company . thanksmichael stovallnew customer for life
this provides an excellent amount of power for $ 40 .
read the instructions very carefully and approach the installation like brain surgery .
i have owned many cigarette lighter extension sockets in my 40 years of driving and these are by far the best that i have ever seen .
this products works well , i love the dual usb ports .
the laser and light come in handy with pets . ( cats love to chase lasers ) .
this will cause a bubble that ca n 't be pressed down since the case is in the way . a few weeks ago the thin piece of plastic at the very bottom cracked .
very comfortable around my head too .
needless to say , about 5 weeks after receiving them the wire inside the connector , or rater right where it sticks out , broke .
best 97 cents i spent . )
the on off button feels a bit flimsy .
the only thing i have ever heard close to this was the plantronics 510 but the earpiece was not even close to this
i tried them in a car charger and in an ac charger ( both of which work extremely well with other cables ) . in the car charger i got nothing , in the ac charger one would work at ac if you wiggled it enough , if not it did nothing .
dosent look cheap like the other kinds .
i have a samsung d807 . it 's a piece of cake to set up .
the rubber absorbs the impact a bit better ( and the phone even bounces , which is always fun to watch ) . unfortunately , with this type of hard case , the case is more likely to crack or get chipped .
the best head phone so far .
this is the 4th body glove cellsuit case i 've owned , not because any of them ever wore out or broke , but simply because i 've bought them for four different phones .
i am using the phone to recive sms only .
there is nothing wrong with the service or the provider but the magnets in this phone will ruin your compas in the phone .
but both of these charge the phone just fine .
it works great with my iphone 3g . sure , it is somewhat cheaply made .
the hard plastic that goes behind my neck twists up and wo n 't stay even on both sides so i 'm constantly having to try and bend it back into shape .
so that did n 't fit . but then , my bbbold did n 't fit either ; it was n 't at all secure , and it looked like the charging nibs would have had a dead short through the metallic band around the rim of the case . . .
i can take the plantronics on and off quickly and easily and with one hand ! over all though , i really like this headset .
this case was really nice to hold and was really pleasing to the touch .
i bought a usb car charger ( i just hook up my usb cord to my phone charger ) for about 3 $ from walmart and this product lasts longer and is more durable .
it looks pretty because it is white and matches the iphone well .
would love it if all headsets came in a case like this one .
yes , you can get other silicone cases for a buck or so , however , they usually do n 't fit well .
sprint wanted $ 30 fro the same item .
not use them ) and just handle the phone carefully when removing from the cradle ( not to let it slip and fall ) . still , this is probably the best quality car holder available . note iphone cradle fits iphone 3gs ( which is what i have ) well ( without any case skin obviously )
i would rather deal with a bit of extra cord ( say a 6ft .
the rubber has a tacky feel to it and grips my mp3 player well .
although it 's hard to tell from the fuzzy closeup , these do not have split rings , but bent rings .
it has a rubberized base to stay put on a smooth countertop . also has a dim light bar which is on when cable is plugged in , so if you are in a dark bedroom , etc . , you can see where your cradle is .
this item works as it should .
i recently downloaded a gps app for my iphone and needed a dash mount for it so i can use it as a gps .
it feels like the silky smooth surface of a silicone case , and feels a bit luxurious because of that . that said , it probably wo n 't offer much drop protection , being so thin and relatively inflexible .
it has much better audio quality and even comes with more stuff for about the same price . and , you may not really * need * a wireless bluetooth headset because you can just use a wired one or use your speakerphone .
and since the only button is the external body of the unit , if you try to press it back in you end up hanging up the call .
i love the blue light that illuminates when it 's plugged in .
i 've been playing with the dare quite a bit ( taking photos , playing games , texting etc ) and after two days it was still showing 3 out of four bars .
p u r e g a r b a g e !
it charges my phone very efficiently .
i 've had a terrible time finding a set of bluetooth speakers to fit my needs , which include conventional ( as opposed to rechargeable ) battery power and very high volume capability .
it basically works , but sometimes i have to push down a bit more on the rubberized stylus point to get it to register on my screen .
horrible device i had purchased 3 of these from various sources one from amazon guess what 2 of the three have broken one at the joint behind the holder and one of the devices jaws came open while driving dropping my expensive device . just a poor buying and using experience .
not only is this sticky pad great to keep things from sliding but you can trim it to fit an area or 'shelf' on the dash .
all features are easy to use and manage . one caveat on this unit .
after installing this battery it seemed to help a bit , but she may have been having an issue with a social network updating app running in the background .
i ordered 2 . leave one in the car for the charger and the other one with my hdmi adapter for my phone .
it is all it 's cracked up to be in the protection department , fits perfectly , and is easy to find in the bottom of my purse due to it 's neon color .
i also like the unlocked gsm , integrated gps and the wifi ( all of these were selling points for the phone and worked perfectly out of the box ) . nice job palm !
i like this product because protect very well my bluetooth and fill all my expectations .
also , while the directions do not specifically mention it , this battery is compatible with and can be charged using the ac adapter that comes with apple products ( e . g .
at this very low price per unit , it seemed like a no brainer . highly recommended !
it works great and does well .
another thing i noticed was a light hissing sound ; almost as ifair was being let out of a tire slowly .
it charges the device just as it should .
phone dies too quickly without it
it just does n 't compete with my samsung or plantronics headsets .
it takes a lot of time to charger
mygrid then charges all 4 devices at once . why it 's a waste of money the package comes with only one power clip , so technically you ca n 't charge 4 devices by just buying the starter kit .
the usb cap is attached to the charging wire , an excellent design . oh does it work perfectly .
the sound isolation feature works pretty well . . .
its a little thicker than average but does a good job sending data and charges pretty fast .
music that was installed did not play continously .
then it becomes second nature . the sound is great , the phone detects the device quickly , its fairly comfortable .
i am very proud about the purchase of the motorola vehiclepower adapter micro usb rapid rate charger . it covers all of my expectation . i hope my adapter charge , continues to be very good as it is now . thank you .
the built in usb input and micro usb output are very nice features , as it means i no longer need to worry about carrying extra cables .
the freedom from wires is great .
was n 't worth the cost of shipping to get it replaced .
it uses your esisting wall charger , which plugs into the back and it has contacts that connect to the blackberry so there 's no cord to plug into the side .
just drop it in the charger and it automatically goes into alarm clock mode while turning off all alerts except phone calls . i highly recommend this charging pod , keep in mind it is a charging pod and will not sync your blackberry .
it was easy to install and has stayed on without any problems
unfortunately voice commands is hit and miss as with the blueant .
i used to have a holster case but got tired of dealing with that nice velcro sound when opening it .
it also has a built in mic .
lots of air bubbles means you are doing it wrong .
put the original phone charge cable into the charger and it worked fine so i knew it was the cable and not the charger .
is sharp and annoying , i sanded it down and it 's much betternot great fall protectionpower and volume buttons harder to press ( this might be a pro too though ) collects dirt like a hoover
it 's got a sheen to it that looks very classy .
i drive a truck and found out how hard is finding a good bluetooth headset .
i will rate the new headset after i try it out .
you ca n 't keep the headset attached to the lanyard when you place it into the charging case , as that requires the usb port to lock into place and recharge , but it 's simple to charge your 975 up and pop it back onto the lanyard for easy reach .
can still feel the iphone when it vibrates .
cingular also has very consumer unfriendly 2 yr .
i am using on blackberry 8820 . the blackberry flashes blue when the ear bob is on . the ear bob lights white when on and red when turned off .
this keeps my bb charged all day long .
i have a jabra headset for my work pda phone , and it works very well .
i even changed the audio settings on the iphone with no luck .
they 're pretty nice except they 're not so easy to fit on the screen .
pairing it up can be a little tricky but there are instructions as well as good customer service . this only works with certain model phones though .
i tried both ports and the ipad shows the charging indicator in both .
using it with an xperia x10 and galaxy s2
i found the buttons placed well and i really liked the volume jog dial .
pathetic ! voice dialing is useless ! ! ! i couldnt use it ! ! ! ! the voice whos talking is too fast and not loud enough . .
the wall mount option is a joke .
this case added a great touch to my s4 phone .
in addition to the case you will also receive a transparent screen cover .
it 's easy to snap together and easy to pry off if you ever need to get at the battery .
you stick the antenna magnet on the metal antenna housing , use the suction cups to position the antenna , plug the booster into the wall , and place the booster on a table near your cell phone . do n 't expect to go from one or no bars to four or five bars .
quick shipment was provided by the vendor and item was exactly as described .
this keeps it from getting stuck in things like car doors or wrapped around steering wheels or getting all tangled which my old adapter did . i am very pleasantly surprised at this adapter .
i later bought a jabra cruiser 2 for my other car and found that to be far superior in voice quality , but it did not have the feature of wake up on door closure .
a very secure way to carry your iphone .
the mix of smooth and ridged surfaces is a nice touch aesthetically and it also helps to keep a nice grip as all smooth can be a bit slippery .
when using the headset with my phone , while the phone was in my front pocket , the audible was unacceptable and barely discernable .
this could have been the best headset i ever owned .
i have no need for the second ear bud , which would allow the unit to broadcast stereo .
whether it 's a single item or a surge suppressor , it 'll tell you all the consumption details you need .
it is nice that there is nothing for my lanyard or glasses to get caught on . i like the little case that it can be charged and stored in .
no more having to use a blade to scratch away the stickers pieces at a time as it breaks apart . just cut the screen protector to the proper size .
the built in laser pointer is definitely a handy addition to the power pack that is great for presentations .
works great with my phone and the retractable button is a nice touch . but be warned if you have large hands the retracting part can pop you in the finger if your not careful . aside from that it a great little charger .
with it came in different color led 'shas been lectin the car well below zero and never had any problems .
the new sim card is working fine now .
it is not designed for being used as 8220 ; stand 8221 ; to watch movies on device , but flipping cover under some angle will allow unit stay on the side without falling .
no complaints out of this case .
this is a motorola product , not a cheap chinise special .
i 've not tried adding a skin to the iphone to see if this helps , the iphone may not fit in the case with the skin attached . bottom line at $ 2 . 98 this is a steal money well spent . btw keep credit cards and other things with magnetic id strips on the back away from the magnetic latch or the information on the card will be lost .
it sticks to itself when peeling it off the backing .
i use this often with theigo power splitterfor charging multiple devices . does exactly what it 's supposed to do ; what 's not to like ?
it looks good and was easy to pair .
it snaps on really easy and stay on until you take it off .
i 've read previous reviews where there were some issues with clarity between the screen and screen protector , i was careful to take a damp lint free cotton rag and wipe the screen thoroughly and then dried it and let the phone sit for a minute before carefully sliding the phone into the hardshell case .
ir works great , it looks neat , just perfect .
fits well if you adjust it according to instructions .
it charged up quickly and has been holding charge very well .
i bought this charger and it did n 't work .
the blue light is also cool ) only thing is i feel you should be careful with that circular glass with the moto logo in the top end it is well protected but when you keep it with other stuff in your glove box or dash , i feel it can break easily .
it will start with county code 44 . if people are going to call you from the us , they need to dial 011 44 and then the unique number mobal assigns you . mobal provides a sim pin if you wish to lock you phone .
i got this for my non technically inclined brother so he could get good home cell signal .
i guess the solution for that is probably to wait a few seconds after answering before saying hello . this flaw also demonstrates itself when using vz navigator , because it cuts off the first word of driving instructions .
it charges and syncs my iphone4 , but i have n 't tried it with any other apple products .
easy access to all buttons and features , and can be charged with the case on without problems .
just received it today from a1 accessories .
i knew this was the same micro usb power adapter as my samsung , but everytime i plug this in my phone it seems to open up the accuweather app and plus i have my digital clock on my lock screen set to display on top and it puts it on the bottom of my lock screen .
my main concern is that the wire is thinner than the oem version .
while finally getting the one side fixed , the other would come off .
but , it was no longer boosting the signal ( no change in cell phone bars ) . it seems to have gone dead ! we contacted the company ( who seems very nice ) and they said they will do a warranty replacement of the amplifier .
i was pleased to see that it was identical to the oem charger that came with my 9650 . amazon 's price and shipping service beat all other competitors .
this is about the easiest headset to put on that i 've owned .
great price for these items and they look good ; just like the picture .
you will get some sort of iphone recessed port adapter ( kinda like the belkin one ) but not nearly as good as the one in the picture . i gave mine away .
the cable actually does work , just not with windows 7 . it 's a pantech driver issue .
then i found the mobile freedom and read the reviews .
im very pleased with this little charger .
mine is going back to nokia for warranty repair tomorrow .
from the moment i pull it out of my holster , it just feels so good . ) i 'm sure the otterbox defender is better at protection , but i 'm very happy with the balance between protection and low profile that the otterbox commuter provides . 6 . price point at $ 20 , i think it is a good value . 7 . size with protection comes some bulk .
it 's a very good basic phone that gives you good voice clarity and easy text messaging .
not to mention it 's very hard to pull the kickstand out .
looks great , fit is great , feel is great .
i really do n 't want to look like janet jackson in her control video as i walk around town or the mall . the problem is in finding replacement ear gels .
also , i agree with the other reviewers that the fit is a bit too tight and can sometimes turn on the headset .
very impressed with my first otterbox !
so my devices run out of charge when i think they 've been charging . so this product fails at it 's one purpose to charge stuff . i still love igo products and i 'm still very happy with the other igo 12v chargers i own just not this one .
it 's just right . these are not sound isolating in ear canal earphones so you wo n 't get powerful bass so do n 't expect the world from these .
it securely holds the iphone in it .
this unit , while designed for a blackberry , works great with the pre .
pros reliably syncs to my motorola z6m phone , keeps the connection for listening to audiobooks , pretty comfortable , easy to use , good volumecons buttons are a little loose sometimes depending on activity , microphone for phone conversations is weak and with no noise wind suppressionoverall , this are excellent for the price .
it 's the same usb plug my tomtom gps uses . it 's also a great power supply for a book light ) you supply the batteries it will run on one or two pairs more batteries increase run charge capacity , not voltage .
this phone case is decent quality for the price , i do feel it protects my phone when i drop it .
it charged my phone just as fast as my home charger , and was able to fully charge my galaxy siii twice , and still had enough for another half charge .
i did in fact receive all 3 large eartips and they are great .
i use it at the gym , while doing yard work , and anywhere i have to wait on service , ( doctor 's office , pharmacy , tire shop , etc ) . i like watching netflix on my phone .
voice clarity is superb for me , and the quality durability is great .
no more messing with plugging in and out of cords just drop it in .
it 's only good if you keep the phone right by the headset .
too think to fit your iphone if it have protective case .
the phone is great for entertainment .
that means if most of your calls are at home , work , school , or anywhere there 's wifi , you can get the cheapest cellular plan , and use wifi minutes and save a bunch .
call quality is very good and people have no idea i 'm on a headset . overall , these are fantastic for cycling as there are no wires to get in the way , at a reasonable volume the headphones allow in enough outside noise to hear traffic , and , with the phone in a jersey pocket or bike mount , the phones are close enough not to have any issues with range .
i had difficulty picking the letters on the digital key board but now it 's resolved .
it has a nice solid but smooth texture to it . the only con is activating the led flashlight since it requires holding the button for 3 4 seconds while the laser pointer is only two clicks .
with this cardo , callers still complain when i 'm in the car or outside on a windy day that there is a lot of background wind noise . i ended up going back to the wired headset that came with my motorola razr phone , which has much better audio quality and is not as cumbersome to setup during a call as a bluetooth headset .
bought this to replace the original cable to charge a samsung phone .
i bought this to use when storm chasing so i can use my laptop to access nexrad radar images .
this is my third bluetooth voice device and i have to say that i 've yet to experience a product that worked as advertised . forget the claims companies make about reception distance .
works well when you need a quick boost or to keep your phone charged .
still pretty good case for the money . 4 5 .
quick , buy one now ! ! ! ! this little headset is one of the best bluetooth headsets i have owned .
compared to the sidekick ii and many other t mobile phones , the a630 has the best signal keeping capability , but t mobile just sucks big time , unless you live right next to one of their sporadic cell towers .
but you ca n 't beat the ease of use of the retractable cord .
easy to set up and use , excellent sound quality , light and comfortable .
it has the belt loops also a nice feature to deter theft .
i installed this batter instead of the $ 45 one from the alarm company and it works like a champ !
concept was great but tad heavy in the ears , would not stay on .
the first one arrived before the expected delivery date , but it did n 't work in the car .
this cord is ok to charge a ipod not an iphone will be to scnog to power it up .
it actually feels quite nice in my hands .
i have found that it is much easier to get my iphone out of my pocket with this case and the phone seems to be well protected .
i am also not one of those people that keep a bluetooth headset in my ear all the time .
bottom line ca n 't use because the volume of my voice is too low for people to easily hear .
it 's so hard having a amazon prime membership and paying for crappy service when prime is n 't offered . case the case is lightweight and does n 't add a lot of bulk to the phone .
i just spent all that money on a super exclusive cool phone , and they make me buy software for $ 30 ? that 's actually kind of crazy . they also messed up on the phone book . 450 outlook contacts , that were spawned from 200 core contacts each cell phone , business , email , and home entry for an individual is a separate entry .
apparently it will only work with energizers , though i 'm not sure how that 's technically possible .
this connects automatically when she gets in the car .
the plan and pricing are not clear . also , the phone number is in the uk and i was expecting it to be in the us .
i purchased the scala 500 as my first bt headset and i regret it .
came in different colors to match phone .
these are the worst screen protectors i have ever purchased .
i love to steam tv and do house work and these work great .
i ordered 2 bluetooth speakers and this one actually worked fine !
flopped around when driving . . tried to take it off and it broke .
top quality and an excellent price . note it wo n 't accept usb otg a ( host ) connectors , it only will pass through the extra pin ( 4 ) . i have a new nokia n810 and one of these makes everything easy and i 've altered mine so it will select host mode so i can attach many usb devices like flash drives , cameras , and keyboards .
i prefera mini stylusto plug into the audio port on the go when i need to tap briefly , and leave this stylus at my desk or in my pocket for extended use of the mobile .
i like how the cable that chargers your phone also serves as the cable that chargers this spare battery .
actually , sometimes i have a hard time getting them off . i was able to fit all the pieces , including my tips , into the included travel case , but it is a tight fit .
i 'm not sure if my phone or the headset is to blame , but you see lots of bluetooth interference on busy streets resulting in skipping .
i liked the single button function and found it worked great with only a rare glitch when the headset would partially connect to the phone resulting in me being able to hear through the headset but needing to speak through the phone . ( turn off the headset and turn it back on .
the case also makes it hard to reach for the volume buttons .
however , the headset that comes with the unit is bad .
you will be able to make and receive phone calls with most sim cards .
kinda annoying when driving , b c you rely on the headset to work properly .
a very easy to use , portable charger you can take anywhere .
this charges his phone much faster than his bootleg charger he got from some ebay auction . thank you amazon !
the track changing controls are also snappy ( just flick to change ) . the unit pairs quite well with its own transmitter . bluetooth is not great for deep sounds , so the bottom range is just okay .
if you align it to the home button , the screen protector shield is too long on the bottom and covers the chrome trim .
i installed this in an existing opening in my dash and hard wired it .
battery charges with full battery lasts me a full day .
it worked just like the factory original and was very good quality .
i reset it , reset the phone , re paired the headset , did what i could , but it 's useless now .
it is impossible to take a photograph with the case on .
the charger hookup unit is just plain wierd , and is counterintuitive to hook up .
some areas you have an increased static interference , but it 's pretty minimal .
samsung has made a very attractive and slim slider phone with an incredibly vivid color lcd .
however , it does n 't charge my blackberry bold at all .
here 's why i 'm giving just 4 stars 1 ) it picks up too much background noise .
however , the overall sound quality both ways is better and the fit is more comfortable than the jawbone .
as long as the windows are rolled up , the background sound is minimal those i talk to say they can hear me just fine .
it 's water resistant , but not waterproof .
it connected right away with my phone .
with all of them the audio and video goes through my receiver and onto the television perfectly .
the trickiest part for me the first time was connector number 3 . watch an internet video ( you pry one end of it up to a 45 degree angle ) . the screws on the iphone are impossibly small , so have a clean work area and something to put them in .
the iphone showed a full 5 bars but it was only good for making phones not surfing the web or using apps .
this bluetooth has great sound quality and fits without causing much ear discomfort , ie sweating during a hot day outside .
i only use case covers that have the extra grip on the side !
can charge ipad galaxy tab , they need a higher current which other brands does n 't have . cons the laser pointer can be activated by accident ( only 1 click of a button ) and shoot the laser into eyes .
bought this with the unit that converts your desk phone to a bluetooth compatible headset best buy for the money !
this is the second order i have done for this charger , thanks to it 's effectiveness , sturdyness and my cheapness . it 's a genuine samsung product .
the main reason i would want to try this is because of its slim profile smart battery system .
i 'm using this as a spare micro usb charger for my samsung galaxy s iii and it works great .
i can actually hear other people talk without holding the ear piece in my ear .
the ear buds that come with the iphone do not stay in my ears . these are great because thy stay in the clarify is great .
you can go on sony ericsson 's web site and get whatever settings you need to suit the services you want your carrier to perform .
great product and the perfectaddition to my road warrior gear .
the 12 volt charger keeps my ipod 's charge topped up and let 's me listen to an entire audiobook without losing power just as the story gets interesting .
maybe i am just expecting too much from such tiny in ear buds ? my only real complaint with these besides sound quality is that all audio tends to sound a little scratchy .
its easy to adjust as arms move up down and left right direction 180 degree .
i have never had a flight feel so short . the phone is a nice size to fit in my hand for typing or calling .
my laptop had no problem going to sleep .
this is the 8th headset i have tried .
although the phone i bought them for is on standby service now , i still have the headphone part ( it separates from the mic and proprietary dongle ) and use it daily for casual music listening on my mp3 player .
the problem though is that the soldering on the power cord plug is weak and from just hanging it easily jiggled it loose .
i do n 't see even a blemish on the case , a testament to its sturdiness .
this made it practically impossible to apply the internal screen protector .
it came already half charged and i charged it fully overnight .
this solves the problem of battery life and adds extra grip to the phone .
the led is not very bright , it 's on par with a keychain light .
the retractable design protects these from getting crimped , broken and frayed .
i first liked this headset when i got it because of the small size and easy fit without an ear hook .
when i finally got the package it was folded in half with tire marks all over it .
this product was terrible , it was cut up , smelled bad , did not fit phone like promised .
also apple recommends you not charge the iphone will in a rubber case because the heat will not be able to dissipate .
it adds next to no bulk to the sleek lines of your phone . it 's also durable .
if it were n 't for that it would get a 1 . after only a week the cable part is starting to pull out of the bottom of the part that goes into my phone .
when the cord was paired with the actual oem plug in , it worked fine .
i 've never had any problems . overall it a solid and small hub and recommended if all you need is usb 2 . 0 and up to 7 plugs .
i have the motorola sd 10 bluetooth headphones , and love them .
i have used the palm and the pen is easy to use .
this is a a great little cable !
it is compact when folded up and very light , yet feels fairly sturdy and responsive when typing .
first let me say this works fine when connecting standard headphones to my htc made verizon wireless smt5800 ( model number libr100 ) , clear audio quality , i would say better then bluetooth stereo quality wise so no degradation of the signal . the first hitch is the size , my phone 's a couple inches long and this adapter effectively doubles the length .
this is a wonderful product , i felt safe carrying my iphone in the holster .
it does n 't offer a ton of front or top bottom protection , but if you 're looking for a case to take out to the bar , or something to hold a credit card id , this works great !
this set is a nice value for the price .
i absolutely love this a docking station with one small issue ( which is why the 3 star rating ) . the usb cable worked for a couple months , but the data cable suddenly quit working , probably just a faulty crimp in one of the connectors .
works well , looks good and not too heavy .
my fiancee said that it sounded like there were bubbling noises when i was talking to her via the headset .
get a full day from using this oem battery on a razr v3m .
imagine using a crayon to write to get an idea of how big the point is .
this is the perfect iphone 3g case you are looking .
the kill a watt is fast and easy .
it is just as described ; durable , does n 't add too much bulk and would add adequate drop protection .
i know better than to order anything other than amazon prime , but this case looked good from the description . nowhere on the box does it say the case is leather .
the system allows me to use the same headset for both .
works great , charges quickly , terrrific price .
we bought this charging cord because the t505 only came with a car charger .
but lacks in sound quality a little not by much like when you listen to some bluetooth speaker .
in a quite environment it worked very well .
it does have some nicely thoughout features like the power indicator on the back and an on off switch . but , i found more cons than pros .
it works better than the original cable that hp offers .
the second jawbone had such loud statick and cracking in the audio that we sent the other back the next day . a week later two new headsets arrived .
now i 've got the moto phone tools installed on my new imac .
the phone has really easy to use controls and the music quality was pretty good . the software that sony gives you is also easy to use and easy to setup .
i connected it to multiple bt compatible devices with ease . . .
so nice to have a heavy duty case with a charger built in it !
this holder clips on to my car visor or my purse so it is handy .
this allows you to get three basic things out of the wallet and eliminate the need to carry two into the restaurant . it makes holding onto the phone less complicated by a factor of a googol .
overall , while this is n 't the best headset in the world , it seems to work fine .
if your phone does n 't work with the adapters provided you have to buy additional adapters .
the shipper was great though would buy from this company again
a little eyeglass cleaner and a soft cloth will easily remove any oily finger smudges it is good as new . positive thick for durability and no bubbles . very clear . easy to attach . easy to clean . negative you may choose to ignore this comment it is a personal preference .
the top screen is not covered by the case and so no addiitonal bulk is added there .
the symbian operate system provide extremely flexible expandability that you can almost treat it as a palm computer . pros great gps hardware , very loud speaker with decent music sound , acceptable camera , good battery life ( w o gps turning on ) , nice audio and video playbackcons the front pad looks a little cheapin all , this is a great great little gadget for cellphile .
my only desire is for a standardized user changeable battery , so that i wo n 't have to buy another headset when this battery gives out .
overall this charger works great , the microusb fits well , the cord is a perfect length , and it 's a high current charger so my nexus one charges fast ( and does n 't discharge while running the gps ) . i 've purchased two of these now , one for me ( nexus one ) and one for my wife ( htc aria ) . it lost 1 star because the plug part is _really long_ and the silly blue light .
this is a great headset but for one thing .
i got this thing after i saw it heavily advertised as solid protection for a phone 's glass .
the quality of these chargers is very good and the best part is that they put out enough juice to charge a smartphone even when using the gps navigation on the phone .
this is a nice backup cord to use for charging my iphone .
it did not ship until oct 26th !
it works fine , but the cord only extends to 2 ft .
if you have a need for very small head screwdrivers , this one is for you .
there are good products which will fit a large phone ( iphone4 with mophie juice . )
it 's not the original apple brand but it works just the same .
it still lets you put it on the side for watching movies .
for the price it definitely protects your phone .
the cell phone is unlocked as stated and comes brand new in an original box with all the accesories .
my only gripe is that the plastic headband warps sometimes , but other than that , this headset rocks .
everything you should expect from a cassette adapter . in order to get the volumes adjusted for optimal sound quality ( without that white noise the tape players give off ) , adjust your phone or other mobile music device to 75 volume and keep it there while plugged in .
this fit the bill perfectly and even has a status light when charging .
nice in design but whomever manufactured it , used the lowest quality materials .
the inside however was a nightmare as the 'step 2' tab is placed exactly where the hinge area is , as another reviewer noted .
i have numerous amount of usb thumb drives which all have the little loop on them .
also worked on ipad and iphone 4
i have never owned a blue tooth head set before so i have nothing to compare it to .
when the charger is fully extended and the bluetooth attached , it looks like a huge spy pen .
i also found the voice prompts got annoying after a while .
it provides great grip , easy access to all the buttons and cosmetic protection from falls .
it does well in the car and has good range .
secondly the device easily turns on and off each time you extend the microphone . i 've used about 1 2 dozen other bluetooth headsets and this is one of my favorites . here are my summarized pros and cons pros uses the same charger as other motorola razr phones open close microphone to turn headset on off small , lightweight and easy to put on ( one handed eve ) cons only connects to one bt device at a time .
in the past , i always thought the over the ear designs were most comfortable but i often could n 't hear well while driving over the road noise .
it is the most accurate and flowing capacitive stylus i 've ever used . i write on my tablet every single day , so i can attest to the usability .
sounds muffled , although i did experience some relief upon adjusting the headphone lower .
i 've had several brands of bluetooth devices before this one including motorola , jawbone and the plantronics 645 . the 925 easily blows all the previous ones out of the water .
i am still a little concerned about the strength of the belt clip attachment .
the volume control and audio quality are adequate .
this was a second attempt at a bluetooth speakerphone .
the worst dollar ever spent . (
the power charge function light is also very cool !
it is also complex ( with multiple hinges and connectors to give it flexibility in how you can position it ) . unfortunately , all of that complexity makes it somewhat delicate .
nexus 7 . . needed a pen and gambled on this one .
it has far better sound quality than my 'backup' , which is a jabra with no boom .
the bold sticks up about 4 to 6 so it becomes an easier target .
i actually purchased the speck case for my iphone 4s as i found it to be very reliable and provided great protection along with a screen protector .
software is very responsive and automatically connects when music is playing and the transceiver is turned on .
if you use the stereo headphone you are stuck with this single earloop . e ) comes with so called usb charger , but the usb connector is proprietary , non standard .
but for the low price and the quality of the phone , it 's well worth it .
not so with the retractable one . i got a second set for my office travel so that i can recharge for the ride on my long commute home .
i was looking for an extra cheap cable to charge my nexus 7 and this fit the bill perfectly .
and if you are viewing blacks and not looking directly at it , you get a wierd grey black thing going on with one eye .
this case is well made and fits very well , i like the color , some black cases look very cheap but this one does n 't .
if it does not work , well heck free return courier to amazon . . .
to me , it 's a pain making a call , since you really have to pay attention when pushing the buttons .
i thought this was the whole otterbox set . . . . the plastic case , then the rubber case over it .
it slides in and out of my pocket with ease but is grippy enough to not slip out of my hands and smooth enough to not stick to everything i put it in .
i keep it in the car for hands free driving .
the feel of the silicone in my hand is the best part of all for me .
this charger works great with my galaxy s3 . when its plugged in it takes up very little room and doesnt stick out of the accessory slot but about a quarter inch .
as a result , i sounded muffled to the person on the other end of the line .
work good , but when in phone port you need to wiggle it sometimes .
it looks very sleek , too . the laser pointer and light are ok , but not outstanding .
these go on very nicely and they help protect my phone screen from scratches .
the charger was a steal for the price i paid .
he uses it for video gaming and for a multi media center .
it is oem by htc , and does ervything you need it to do .
i just picked up this cable for playback with myflip minohd camcorder .
this thing just does n 't work well with the treo 6501 . it does n 't automatically connect , when a call comes , or when a call is initiated2 . the volume is way too lowthe comfort is good , but for the price , there are many better headsets out there consider the cardo scala , the jabra jx10 , and the palm treo headset those are your best betshappy shopping !
i resisted buying a bluetooth headset for the longest time , because i hated how everyone else sounded on the phone when i spoke to them .
embedded into the device is a red laser pointer , which can be used to get your cat out of the room , and a flashlight to look for your cat when his scared little butt runs and hides under the sink after a thunderstorm or a vaccuum attack .
the innocase is great if you want a slim case that offers full protection against scratches and some minor drop protection .
keep in mind that this device is essentially a speakerphone in the car .
they worked ok for about an hour , then starting making clicking noises and cutting in and out on my headphones .
call quality is excellent with her bb 8830 , and i love the carrying case with the full charge battery to use on trips . highly recommended !
drawback is there are no user replaceable batteries .
the only headset i 've found that was easier to hear was the sennheiser , but it likes to stop communicating with your phone til you re pair it and costs about 6 times what this does . background noise suppression is stereotypical , if there 's noise , the person on the other end will most likely hear some translation of it .
i bough a single cable and it did not work at all .
its able to not only keep up but also charge it while playing the notorious battery draining game .
it is very slim for the degree of protection it gives ( it even protects the screen with a raised lip around it .
good product , fits iphone 3g well . protects from scratches . great price for phone protection . i would n 't pay for the expensive ones in the store
i like the design and the concept of centrally locating a charging station is a great idea .
its really compact but does n 't stay in my lighter socket very good .
plus the blades were held in place with a friction fit which also failed , leaving exposed metal in the socket when the plug came apart .
they would n 't sell many if they put the legnth in the headline .
well worth the price ! ! like many have said the only downfall is the flashing blue light .
it actually hold on to your glasses .
i tried the duracell charger and got a notification that the charger is n 't putting out enough power to adequately charge my htc one .
it apparently came with dust already attached to the sticky side so i ended up with a small bubble under the protector .
nice looking , small and light weight . average sound and over priced . you cannot adjust the volume from a ipod touch or iphone .
so three day now and no shipping info but will see
i ordered this headset for my wife .
the feeling is more grippy and rubberized than the factory back cover , and it is impossible to accidentally touch the camera lens with it on ( where it was unavoidable before ) . the camera flash does cause a gray fuzzy image due to light reflecting off the bottom of the deep camera hole in this replacement cover .
essentially the earbuds are one piece , then you put on another hunk of wiring with the microphone .
i have an iphone 4 with the otterbox defender so i used the second attachment and the fit was perfect .
with this cable , i have no problem and need no adapter to hear the music on my iphone , and when i get an incoming call , the music dims to silence and i can answer via my bluetooth headset or just pick up the phone . while it might make sense for home stereo use , who needs 6 feet of this cable for use in your car ?
but if you 're like me , you need a headset with a more hefty ear holder .
i would often have problems using bluetooth headsets outside if there was any wind because the wind sound is what was transmitted to the person i 'm talking to and not my voice .
i plug this into my car 12volt socket and the light does not come on until i plug in my phone ? ? ? ? that 's weird , normally you see the little green or red light on when it 's plugged into the socket .
i like the way it looks and protects the phone , but sometime it 's not worth having the case on it .
with an case on the iphone tooooo tight .
it is a rapid charger , and i find that it does charge my phone more quickly than a regular charger .
claims its for 3 3g but fits original iphone as well !
i 've been able to recharge my ipod touch 3g 3 or 4 times between charges of the new trent battery .
it fits like a glove and does not add any bulk to the overall size of the iphone , so it still fits in your pocket or other small compartments .
terrible quality , did n 't fit my vents securely .
true , this charger will charge multiple devices , but . . . 1 . individual cables are not labeled as to what device they are for . 2 . the charger lights do not go out when the device is charged .
even the outer plastic looked as though it was melting .
so , it is difficult to get the phone out with one hand .
as i type this review , the pricing on this cable is $ 1 . 07 with free shipping .
this particular unlocked version seems thinner than the ones being sold by cell phone carriers .
it works and is a good value for the price compared to the retail stores .
the smaller metal piece is significa n 'tly thicker than the oval shaped one and i wished it was a little thinner as well .
the leather is soft and of very high quality .
great sound quality and volume for a relatively small speaker .
pushing it all the way in only produced hum .
my only complaint is that the case is completely flush with the face of the iphone .
it fits nicely , i can use all my various cords and plugs with it , and it looks pretty nifty , too .
when i received the order , the clip would not fit on my glasses , and appeared to be of extreme poor contstruction ( the type you would expect out of a craker jack box ) . the headset would required pressing the button to answer a call several times before it would actually pick up the call . the product is in the process of being returned to amazon . com .
i like this unit because it works , and it is built to near oem quality ( do n 't let the motorola logo fool you , they would n 't pass this off as full oem quality ) . this will outlast the other cheap ones on here , but its nothing impressive .
it only because i find that microusb cables tend to break faster then other cables ( e . g .
i wo n 't buy a motorolla micro usb connector again .
occasionally , the noise canceling would cut off my voice if i was too quiet .
more importantly , the point is that the thing that goes in your ear is a cheap , thin little foam pad that will wear out very quickly .
for a bottom line of $ 10 with shipping and taxes , that 's a good deal compared to the $ 30 plus shipping t mobile wanted , and for all i know theirs might have been only 8 months newer , too .
made it easier for my kids to use the ipad .
the music sound quality is excellent .
if you were using a non ruggedized case or no case it would fit perfect .
works good . . . . . . . . . . extra words for the dumb 20 minimum word count . . . . . . . blah bla blaa blae blo blue blahs blohs blaaaaaa
i 've had no problems charging my atrix hd .
my brother has this exact model and loves it , too . the phone has a beautiful color screen , easy to navigate menus , a nice camera and video function , and outstanding battery life .
it 's great for that . it 's obvious the plastic or construction material allows it to fall out of tolerance , which means the ratchet action ceases to function .
be careful when you put it on because if you break the clip on the bottom black portion then it wo n 't stay on very well .
i immediately purchased a 5 pack of these screen protectors and they have been great .
you have to take the charger case off to get to the synch area .
all in all it works very well , sound and loundness were very good .
i also noticed that even if they did fit , they probably do not block noise as well as the bowl shaped ones that fit in the ear . sound quality appeared good , but my test was short because of the fit problem .
well , using the edge of the screen takes some getting use to since the case starts right at the edge , but you get used to that .
you do n 't need to pay lots of $ $ for great quality earbuds . . . these deliver !
the kensington k33497us i have stays in much better .
a good case to keep all the jabra accessories accessible and in one place .
overall a great battery and useable for everything from phones to kindles to bluetooth headsets .
i found them even in e europe ( every country ) and turkey yes , higher per min than a contract , but a tiny percentage of the cost of mobal or your own cell ph !
the hl 10 is kind of a throw back to the seventies in terms of its jerry rigging function .
it 's been the best headset for all these years .
i can start stop and control volume easily from the headset ( i have big hands ) . a perfect solution at a reasonable competitive price on amazon .
the cable works fine , but i have to issues . 1 . the cable was not 3ft as stated in the product description .
i really could n 't use this headset for working out as the ear loops just would n 't keep them in place .
these came in the original manufacturing packaging and the chargers are so nicely made .
great as a backup to carry around .
bought for my ipod case to be able to mount it in my truck since i have an adapter already installed
this is one of the best hubs i have found .
i use this primarily as my car charger and love that i do n 't have tangled cords or telephone type cords strung all over the console of my car .
do n 't think this model will dial though . leds blue orange flashing not registered blue registered
the metal clip is a nice feature to ensure it stays put .
plus you do n 't have to remember to charge the headset !
got my sim card on time when they said they would deliver it .
good case but bulky and too tight on the phone .
the point is bigger than i 'd like , i wanted a pin point rather than a bullet nose , however , if you like this size it works great on both iphone ipad .
the sound quality is very important to me and i wear them a lot when i am listening to programs on netflix and for my day to day phone use .
although , if the charging cable for the unit breaks , there is no other way to charge it ( that cable is pretty short too , it hangs from the wall if there is no table close ) . works perfectly and charges our android phones and tablets ( tablet charging drains it fast though ) .
nice charger , does the job without using your phone 's usb port .
the battery dropped about 2 in 10min when i watched a youtube hd video through 4g network with the phone connected to the griffin wall charger .
this case is simply the sturdiest and most quality made case i 've ever used .
i also find it vary helpful for charging and not have to worry about being plugged into a wall or car charger .
they are reasonably loud and easy to use ( volume , on off paring ) . charging is simple drop it in its storage charging case and close the lid . but first , it is somewhat tiny and so you either need to wear it continually in your ear ( hardly cool ) or risk it getting lost in a purse .
was skeptical that i would actually receive a $ 3 car charger for my iphone4 that works , but it does !
for the last several months it has been hard to get a good connection witht he charger ( several of my colleagues are having similar problems ) . the headset has recently become useless because the main body of the case has cracked .
although i did n 't have any issues with the call quality , the biggest problem was the plastic hoop that connect the headset to your ear it 's flimsy , breaks off easily in your pocket , and is n 't particularly comfortable . it 's definitely not bad for the price , but i do n 't think it stands up well to the motorola range .
the rubber ear pieces fell off after the third use .
they sync for 3 minutes and then drop the connection .
i have to move my cell phone and bluetooth to the side of my desk so it 's not between me with this headset and the base .
distance wise , it does not conform to the 33ft maximum , but on a personal note , i hardly part the headset with the phone in that distance so it hardly matters according to my intended use .
the outside adapter is ok in terms of size .
the keypad text only shows up half of the time and it was taking literally 10 minutes to open programs .
it looks great and also works great .
yes , it is a plastic cable and yes , it is a bit short .
probably not great for mobile use since it is a little bulky but it is indeed ideal as a charging station for something like the tilt where you can see the screen and use this connector to both charge the device and use the audio out jack .
this phone is strikingly attractive in white and silver chrome .
my dad burnt up the drive in his iphone using non apple certified cords , so do n 't risk it .
it holds the charge , it was easy to pair with my phone , an lg rumor touch .
seems to be holding up just fine in a google nexus s .
when i got the palm pre i knew that the beautiful screen , multi tasking , bluetooth streaming , constant facebook , myspace , and text checks would eat the little included battery alive four hours tops with all above mentioned . with the seidio extended battery all day , with 30 to spare at night . and it gives the phone a sturdy feel .
it is small enough to fit in my pocket or briefcase , it 's capacity is large enough to charge my phone from almost being dead to full charge more than few times , and with its' usb port , i am also able to charge my bluetooth headset .
this is great it allows you to quickly replenish your cell battery while driving .
the shorter earbud worked intermittently at first ( plugging and unplugging sometimes cleared the problem ) and i like the asymmetric form so much that i kept hoping they would 'break in' . instead , they just broke , with the shorter earbud not working at all .
it does n 't look cheap , arrived on time , i can place it inside if my change purse wallet with the silver snap closure .
the plug on this has a red light on it that lights up when you plug it in .
for $ 7 , plus free shipping , when combined with my headset purchase , how can you go wrong ?
i use it for my car , i connect my mp3 player to my aux port in the car stereo system .
it clearly says that on the manual .
it does n 't supply a good amount of power to two devices .
it works great with my samsung vibrant .
while this case is not at all bulky , it still offers protection for the camera lens and screen by having tiny ridges surrounding those parts which keep them from coming into contact with the surface the rest of the phone is resting on .
but that aside they still wrap around pretty well .
it 's just a very nice , relatively low cost holster . update 6 7 09 this was a very nice holster , but i find the seams starting to rip already on the end straps .
dell 's bluetooth module has always been problematical , so i will assume it is the computer and not the jabra .
so , yesterday , i found a video on youtude that showed how to properly remove the charging cord without damaging the headset .
highly recommended for anyone who travels and runs out of iphone power quickly .
without it , you will have an extremely hard time keeping the headset in your ear .
it was from one of those 2 piece rubber and hard plastic cases that amazon sells for about $ 7 . 00 . i ca n 't remember the name but as soon as i do i will update this review so you can order this case and holster combo just for the holster .
it sounds better than my phone itself .
it 's a great case which protetcs the phone greatly .
i removed the earloop since i felt it would get in the way of my sunglasses and even shaking my head around the headset is light enough to stay put . the sound quality is also great for both inbound and outbound sound .
it was also delivered very fast .
one of the man reasons i love this pouch and you can charge it while the phone is in the pouch .
it 's cheap enough that only lasting a year is n 't awful . however , the blue light on the motorola logo is so freakishly bright that i had to cover it with electrical tape .
since i wear glasses , i prefer not to have the over the ear hook models . i paired it up with my razr v3i without a problem .
is not for the iphone 5 this should be fixed in the search criteria .
waaaaaaaaaaaaaay faster than those generic charges you pay twice as much for .
my whole pack got wet and this case kept my phone dry .
it fits the razr just like the original battery made by motorola .
belt loop clip works fine so far too .
so the people on the other end always complained . in stepped in the blueant bluetooth which i read about as gadget of the week in barons .
hopefully they 'll fix that soon . sweat resistance .
it certainly looks and feels like real leather , although i suspect it may not be ( based on its smell ) . if it turns out to be imitation leather , that would just be a bonus for me , because i 'm mostly vegetarian anyway ) if this were the same price as the twelve south bookbook case for iphone 5 , i would still prefer this boxwave case .
this is a nice looking cover and it has a firm shell so i would give it high marks for quality and visual appeal .
i had to switch from the rubber one because after so many uses , it wears out like the bottom hem of a sweater that has been stretched .
it was a little noisy but under the seat it was fine .
needed a wall phone this was a great value for the price .
feels like cheaper plastic , and i feel hard to insert iphone 5 . had to use both hands every time .
anytime it gets somewhat separated i have to push the connect device button on the android to get it to reconnect .
long time to arrive , but works great on ipod touch and ipad .
seems more reasonable to have quicker access to a flashlight than laser pointer but that 's just my opinion .
the phones did not include the data cable , which is needed to apply firmware updates .
it has worked well for charging my wife 's phone in the car .
then the one side that was working , started sounding stuffy .
once there you need to enter in your sim card serial number and the phone number that mobal assigns you .
i would order the blue or black leather if i ordered it again .
do not order this case if you are expecting leather ; and no where in this world would it sell for the supposed retail of $ 49 . 95 immediately reduced to $ 9 . 95 before it ever came out .
there 's like a huge gap between the back of the phone and the back of this case it feels terrible . most of the ports are accessible when this thing is on but good luck using the volume switches on the side of your iphone !
charger works with all micro usb phones mot and lg .
the charger worked great hooked up to my droid x auto mount for over a year , but recently started working only part of the time and needs to be jiggled to get it to work .
being able to adjust the length of the cable so you do n 't have loose wire is also a great feature .
when the phone is off it turns into a mirror finish .
i like its portability small size light weight . cons should come with ac adapter ( wall charger ) . the flash light should be brighter , otherwise it is gonna be useless . 5 out of 5 stars ! !
had issue with no indicator lights , called tech support and mostly resolved by resetting the headset , but still no on off indication .
the outer appearance deteriorated by then , but it performed to the end .
the seeming inability to get a working adapter just adds to the frustration .
much better than the ones that verizon cells .
i literally have to charge it every night after less than two hours of talking with bluetooth .
i do n 't know what i did without a wireless headset .
i have 3 different style usb cables , and none of them could seat entirely in the socket with this case ( the cables would work and allow me to connect charge my phone , but if you bumped anything , the cable would fall out ) . i ended up using a dremel rotary tool to slightly enlarge the opening in the case around the usb port , and now all of my cables seat properly .
this is best case i 've ever owned .
i purchased this pouch because i lost two other headsets i had .
i 'd recommend getting a pouch with a slide on clip , that holds the phone horizontally on your belt or waistband .
ago . . works great . good quality , protects my ipod and have easy access to all functions .
the itorch adds another five hours screen time to the ipad 2 . next , i tried my iphone .
the metal clip is on the loops so it is a little lose on my waist when i use the clip .
they stay in well , have excellent sound quality , block out noises quite well , and are very comfortable for her to wear for extended periods of time .
it connected to my blackberry torch with no problem , the sound it great . my father loves his new plantronics , it fits great , the price was great and the sound is good , and no problem with connecting with his phone . i only have one problem with the plantronics bluetooth , it does not fit my ear real good , i wear eyeglasses so it is not a good fit .
the only thing better about this s305 is that the plastic head band makes the headphones sit tight and snugg against the ear which is good for jogging .
it is well worth the $ 35 price on that alone . that 's probably not why you are buying this product . as a stereo bluetooth ? the sound quality is just ok .
also , it would be _very_ helpful if this device was usb chargeable .
yes , it 's a little bulky in your pocket , but it has a very snug fit , and really good shock absorption .
the back clip is made of plastic .
it seems like the headset is in the charger more than it is in my ear . performance wide , it does not seem to perform as advertised .
charges my samsung galaxy 3 perfectly and quickly .
i will say though , that amazon has pretty amazing customer service .
i use this in my car , and i must say , it 's amazing to have a retractable wire like this to dock my iphone when listneing to music . other wires are either too small , too short , in the way , etc .
it feels awkward , with its ark at the rear of my head , and it does not hug my ears snugly enough .
i bought the 590 's because they 're one of the few bluetooth stereo headphones that get overall good reviews , both at amazon and tech websites like cnet .
all other brands are liars when it comes to claims of staying in your ear .
other cons include tiny and poorly placed controls almost unusable while wearing headsets , very bright blue light and they do not cover the ears completely so there is no blockage of background sound . they are not the perfect bluetooth headphones but in my experience they have worked better than the other ones that i have tried iluv 903 and logitech
it is n 't too big , but protects the headset nicely .
the button on this unit does n 't help with usability .
wind noise is awfully high with the top down , and my wife could never hear me when i talked on a hands free .
easy to use , superb sound quality and a great buy to boot .
not too long ago the global consortium that makes standards for cell phones decided that all cell phones would have micro usb connectors as a standard .
the keys are even covered with the little thin film of vinyl ? plastic ?
the material is way too thin around the corners and rips easily .
great works with all types of chargers .
randomly powering off , antenna problems , etc ) . i cannot say that for every cell phone i 've ever owned .
the shining part looks like metal but is really metallized plastic . . . . you know like the one in cheap products . also , another issue is that if you use it for jogging or while working out , your ears sweat and the sweat gets on the foam ear muffs .
first impressions box is attractive , informative , and easy to open . nothing is worse is you have to cut into a blister pack . instructions were adequate . the nt70t is sleek , well built , and portable .
she is not a technophile but she loves her handsfree plantronics 640 ! the unit would be 5 stars if the sound quality were better .
the cheap , thin leather has peeled all the way off and now i just have a sharp and jagged plastic case .
i also like the unobstructed access to the buttons and scroll wheel . also , the clear case used to press buttons on the keyboard when i would slide the phone open , but this case does n 't do that .
these are better than basic normal earbuds , but if you play anything with bass , the sound gets overblown and distorted .
firm fit all around with a nice fuzzy lining that cleaned the phone every time it went in and out . i took the bumper off the phone and just tossed on a pair of screen protectors back and front .
walking around the house with these giant beasts is n 't my idea of a good bluetooth talking device .
one reviewer did n 't like the blue light that turns on when the device is in use i actually think it looks great .
dropped calls , poor reception , would n 't hold a charge .
i also use a wireless internet card for my computer since some hotels charge up to $ 20 a day for their wireless .
and that is my biggest complaint , is their poor quality of workmanship .
when the phone is used , the backlight has no problem coming through the film .
i have debated which of the bluetooth car kitsw i was going to get .
you just take the headset off , turn it off and drop it into the little magnetized cradle and voila , its charging .
most of the ones i have purchased work very well with a cell phone , but not so good on a cordless phone .
cable does the job and i only bought it as a cheap alternative to the overly pricey manufacturer brand name cables .
no more lost headsets on the airplane for me .
quality product . the cord could stand to be a little longer , but it is of a decent length .
it also has a very attractive box which can make a great gift for anyone who requires a new bluetooth headset .
the manual was all in spanish and some of the menu options on the phone itself were too .
ive tried but failed several times to find a great bluetooth headset .
if that bothers you considerably , check out either right angle connectors ; or else taller , non portable stands .
the powergen has a built in flashlight and a microusb cable , which i really like , but i can only charge my galaxy tab for 40 over 4 hours .
these are all torx drivers , there is no flathead or phillips in this set , which is going back to amazon today .
for cameras with the tripod mount on the same side as the battery memory chip opening , it might be more of a hassle to move aroound in . ideally , this wrap would be perfect for slim point and shoot cameras with a width of less than an inch .
this device is much lighter and smaller than my other portable battery charger .
the key number to pay attention to is the second one , the rated amperage .
the rim 'holster' function works fine so obviously the phone is sensing the magnet correctly and going into holster profile exactly as it should .
that said , music will sound boxy and is lac luster over all .
unfortunately , that port is really close to the ball mount which restricts it 's movement when plugged in .
it works great , in fact , it fit in my ear perfectly right out of the box !
offers , i feel , the same protection as the higher priced otter cases and others .
these pens scratched and ruined my screen protector !
with regard to ordinary daily abuse , these hold up well . all in all , an excellent value . jerry
ok noise cancellation . inbound sound quality b , volume is more than adequate , but could be a tad bit louder still for noisy environments .
works great and comes with an awesome light when plugged in .
these screen protectors work well and last quite awhile but read instructions before you apply .
fits perfectly on my s3 . . .
probably the the most comfortable headset i 've owned and stable too .
good news is that it very easy to fix ! you can use almost anything to clean the screen of the otterbox and iphone screen . then use a blow dryer on a low setting dry off both the otterbox screen and the iphone screen .
the over the ear loop must be removed for recharging .
it works great in the car because the bottom has a tacky surface like sticky notes , so it stays on my dashboard or shift console , making it easy to use and keeping it from sliding around and falling on the floor . i was skeptical about whether this was worth having .
they say , it pairs easily with mac ( never tried that ! ) . read the specs !
this is an improved feature over the 510 . less static than other bluetooth sets . distinctive on off tones that leave you no doubt as to unit status . verbal low battery message ( very cool ) . charges very quickly . cons ( i 'm struggling here ) perhaps a little less battery life than the 510 . i need to insert here the fact that i 'm in business development and use around 5000 minutes per month .
i used the build in laser pointer for my presentation .
i only wish the jawbone engineers had stopped tinkering when they perfected the audio quality and not designed a fit system so complicated and brittle that it impairs my ability to actually use the device . the ear loop has about the consistency ( and strength ) of a paper clip .
this case fits perfectly on the s4 and keeps me powerd all day i ca n 't complain !
we own several palm pre 's and wanted to use this dual charger to power them up in our car .
occasionally want to charge my bluetooth while wearing it , and cannot do that . at $ 2 . 50 it cannot be beat .
another thing it lacks is slots for the front speakers which other cases have .
this charger obviously does n 't put out much current , because it will hardly raise the battery level on my phone after several hours of charging time ( nokia 5800 xm ) . on top of that , it wo n 't even work on my pspgo .
this will charge an iphone a couple of times fully with one charge from a usb port .
i am on conference calls for up to 6 hours a day and i need a headset to free my hands for typing and my neck from having to go to the chiropractor .
there is a charging light which is red when charging and green when the battery is full .
i read the manual completely and am an experienced user of tech .
for the price , this case can 8217 ; t be beat .
i can also but a couple of flash drives in with my bluetooth .
i 've had this headset for almost a year and it works great .
on a 45 minute commute , i can go from 25 charge to 100 with bluetooth enabled .
not good for lawn mowing or anyplace where there is ambient noise .
it really only covers the back of the phone which in my opinion is the least important part .
for example , my setup is to use the z9 with my laptop for skype calls and my blackberry for other calls .
i have the anodized blue best buy version so i wanted a case that did n 't cover up the good looks of the phone .
the band is not adjustable big design flaw . also , the max volume level is horrible you can easily hear noise around you with it turned all the way up .
i have this headset for work and use the band that wraps around the head instead of just the ear loop .
it starts off okay but then as you move , the bottom 34 ; power 34 ; button becomes very very sensitive and gets pressed when it bounces off the back of my neck or back .
for my ipod touch , there is no slot , so the stylus is in my pocket , not with the touch .
these original palm earbuds always seem to work out best for me and my palm pre phone .
i usually have an iphone charger in 1 and a radar detector in the other .
high quality , fits like a glove and works nice .
on top of all that the price is very attractive for a leather case , even with the shipping . the usb port and earphone jack are exposed when the case is open or closed and it 's a nice , slim case that fits easily in your pocket or briefcase .
it comes with two pieces for the external and internal .
i have used these stylus with my nook color , garmin gps , samsung mythic phone , and my ipad2 . they have worked great on all of the products .
it takes a little tweaking to adjust the headset for a comfortable fit , but after some bending and shaping of the earpiece , the headset was very stable and comfortable .
contrary to what this site and t mobile lead me to believe , t mobile could not provide coverage at my home address .
the headband sticks out an inch from the back of your head .
this is an actual data cord and allowed my phone to connect to my computer to do backpups and file transfers , etc .
however it 's not advertised to fit the note 3 . a hair dryer and a little stretching will fix the issue
unfortunately , it was defective and stopped transmitting .
most people need to hear music also from their bluetooth device .
so i stuck it to the inside of my case and it works great !
this device did not perform at all as well as i expected from a plantronics product .
jabra did nothing wrong with these .
it 's hard plastic so it does pick up scratches , but rather the case than the aluminum . definitely would buy again .
my son and nephew seem to go through earbuds like it 's candy .
one works great , the other needs to have the cable pushed in very hard to work .
my guess is the rg174 is higher loss than the thicker cable that comes with the spike antenna and counteracts any gain from this antenna .
if an unrecognized call comes in , then it shows up as 'xlink bt' , but i have no issue with that .
the light is very appealing and it functions very efficiently .
i have a holster for my iphone 3g .
the phone feels very solid and firm in my hand .
it is much safer then any blue tooth you wear on your ear .
it fell out of my ear every time .
it leaves plenty of space for all your plugs and what not .
also , data communication is not reliable ; became worse over time . zipcord ratchet was better , but its data capacity also deteriorates over time .
call quality is mid range , and you get some of the clipping that always comes along with noise suppression . i 've also paired it to my laptop and used it for skype chats and web conferences for work .
i do n 't know how it will fit a thick cable but for my headphones which are earbuds it works great .
i bought this cable for my ipod touch thinking that the cables for iphone and ipod should be the same .
gramps may not be too tech savvy .
purchased this replacement razr after my old screens glue seal came off .
ilove that they pair easily , sound quality is great , and it 's easy to switch from one device to another .
the light disturbed others around me .
i 've had to place a small piece of black electrical tape over the light to dim it .
i love this bluetooth system for three reasons . 1 ) it can be easily switched to right or left ear , whereas i 've seen other ear pieces that only work on one ear , or are difficult to change ears .
would be nice to be able to recharge through an ac .
the icon says that the phone is charging , though . update on 11 23 11 this charging issue seems to be a combination of both the dock and the wire used .
the latest thing i tried is turning off the phone 's powersave feature .
it 's a large phone and awkward to carry on your person .
i ended up drilling a small hole and using a rivet to keep the metal clip together .
i was told to pay the return shipping and a replacement unit would be sent out .
i had originally bought the gtmax black usb mini car charger here on amazon not too long ago and was disappointed to find out that the shorter the charger , the less stable it is in fitting in the port .
the additional hook was unnecessary because the weighted mount can really hold its position well on my dash board .
it 's sleek and slim and looks amazing on the phone .
these companies put a list of call times and video etc however it is a deceive rating system .
it works great for what it 's designed for , and if you need to use it in bad conditions , get a noise cancelling headset , or you will never be happy . paired up with my treo 650 with no problems , and actually works better than the jabra with my treo .
the neck band sits comfortably below a helmet so they are comfortable on long rides .
in terms of installing removing , it is moderately easy .
do n 't spend $ 20 on an apple cable . highly recommended
it automatically connects to my phone when i get in the car ( if my phone 's bluetooth is turned on ) and disconnects when i get out of range .
the convenience i gain from the recharger does not trump the protection i need for my phone . the adapter concept is severely limited .
the blue led is a nice touch . works as it intends to .
let me begin i have an iphone 4s 64 gig phone thing .
by turning off the skip mode of the car tape player , my car tape player does not reject the coby cassette adapter anymore . again , even if it is indeed broken , i will buy the same product again .
my t mobile mda has paired up perfectly .
in fact , i had to bump it down a few ticks , works great at highway speeds .
i purchased the motorola charger for my htc inspire and it works great .
i bought two , one still works .
i was particularly happy about the fact that it was rubberized . i was really careful with my phone because i was so happy with the cover ( at first ) . normal activity of sliding the phone in and out of my belt case ( for work ) rubbed the red coating off leaving bare metal exposed .
the cord is about 41 inches long .
it just works and seems to have great battery life to boot .
on the top i was pleased to see that my play , pause , and stop buttons are covered but have button indicators letting you know where they are .
the only difference between this charger and one from palm is about $ 25 in savings and the package is just a plain sealed bag .
it doesnt exactly hold the bold very tight and so its very easy to knock your bold over when its in the cradle .
comfort wise i had no issues and it did not make my ear canal sore after prolonged use .
this would also be useful for creating custom phone 34 ; jewels 34 ; ( those silly little things people attach to their phones just for looks )
the screen is protected inside , from scratches and cuts , and the design makes it simple to grasp the blackberry to pull it in and out of the case when needed .
this cover fit my ipod touch perfectly .
but y'know what else kills cell reception ?
if you have a zune 80 120 this is a great alternative to all the folio and poor fitting leather cases out there .
surprisingly , this inexpensive version works just as well and just as reliably as the expensive variety .
i paid $ . 09 ( 9 cents ) apiece for these cables , and they work fine .
a lot of reviewers think it 's bulky , but that is the style of otterbox .
i really like the quality of this case but the phone is really hard to get in and out of .
i was frustrated that i had to purchase it , but very happy with it 's function . i love the callpod chargepod , which is a round hub with 6 spokes of chargers sticking out of it .
the blackberry original stereo headset hdw 15766 005 which i ordered here on amazon , and which was sent to me by cellular 5 star is exactly the headset that i have always wanted for my blackberry . i listen to my blackberry all day .
bought this for my daughter 's 3gs iphone it fits great and looks beautiful .
sometimes i would loose the signal on my headset but my phone thinks that i am still connected to the device . overall , this is not too bad for $ 65 . the quality is clear and loud enough to talk and listen to music while driving .
the tip projects out of the device again causing problems in inserting the device into a holster . why this is totally useless for me 1 ) does n 't work for my phones tips do n 't match and we use holsters for phones . 2 ) only things i can charge using this device is my gps and mp3 player .
charges my phone to 50 in about 3 mins .
i 've bought a number of 34 ; budget 34 ; car chargers in the past .
it does n 't charge my ipaq , either .
but that 's how it blocks out noise .
though she managed to tear off a little flap , and put a dent with her fang in the case , the iphone itself was protected perfectly .
once in , it 's not a soundproof seal ; with no audio , i can still hear some office noise , for example if someone is talking in the vicinity .
it worked better than i expected .
now if i could only use a soundid or jawbone prime earloop with it , i 'd be set !
i use it with a charging station to carry for backup power if needed .
also , as a woman with a small head , the headset just felt clumsy and big .
this is the best in ear bluetooth by far that i 've ever used .
they fit iphone with no problem .
the neat thing about this charger is that the usb cord is attached to the unit and slides neatly into a slot on the outside of the battery pack .
they fit snugly into the side of the battery , which is great , but they are somewhat thin .
the extra cord is great to have for the office or for travel .
you ca n 't tell from the picture , but this is the charger that has the removable micro usb cable which is nice to have .
easy solution move the cell phone into range .
it still works great and am even still using the original headset .
mine said device is not supported bummer !
this cable does work , however the material it is made of it of very poor quality .
i have been purchasing otterbox cases for my iphone since my butterfingers dropped one of my phones and broke the screen .
this appears to be a samsung micro usb cable ( mine was labeled as a u2 cable ) , and as such , it seems to work fine for my samsung galaxy nexus .
the best place just below your lower lip .
only quasi negative is that the purple is not as 'vibrant' as the on line pic indicates .
it 's super high capacity , and yet compact .
our office phones lifters stopped working so i decided to take a chance on these lifters instead of having to order a whole new headset and so glad i did .
if you plan to jog with it , your sweat will eventually corrode the paint on the headset making it look rather ugly .
if i do n 't want to take my purse i can slip in a credit card and my driver 's license and they are under the flap and the pocket has snaps for extra security .
this plugs directly into the outlet , and the appliance plugs into the kil a watt , so unless your plug is really high , you 're infor a bad time because the display turns off immediately when unplugged .
it is very simple to get set up and to use .
this is a great product and one of the best price per mah out there .
however , it is important to note that there is not a removable usb charge cord like most chargers today have .
looks cool in the car with the blue led light that lets you know it is plugged in .
super fast charging compared to a regular usb plug .
also , there is no included wall plug that i would have expected .
it has much better mic and speaker sound quality and volume than motorola .
fits well , offers decent protection and gives the phone good grip at a good price .
it chargedmy phone three times before having to plug the battery pack in to rechargeit .
this will work , but at what cost .
it 's basic black , but the good thing is , it 's matte on the backside .
they are fairly well constructed , but will not stand up to significa n 't abuse .
i like it because if fits on the charger and the phone .
they are far better than my $ 9 . 99 shipping protector that i screwed up right away and had to throw throw . these are also cut correctly for nokia 5800 leaving the upper right area exposed as required .
i struck out on my own and bought five styluses and this one works very nicely .
it is engraved along the front with motorola and has the m on the round part . as for functionality , i 've noticed that this charges my htc incredible 2 very fast in my car and the blue light matches the accents in my mazda6 ! love this little guy and it 's a great price !
it also stays in my ear better does n 't sag .
i have owned four bluetooth headsets .
best and least expensive solution to a qi wireless car dock .
i too received the wrong charger , a slim travel charger rated at 750ma with non folding ac prongs , as others have pointed out . amazon customer service immediately approved the return and it is on its way back . pity about the faulty listing serviced by amazon , kudos on the ( as always ) great service . i 'll walk into a verizon store and buy the real thing , i guess .
plantronics really needs to pull this item because it is really damaging to their reputation to have this out there for sale .
i paid a lot lot less with no shipping and handling .
also , i do n 't have to remember which of the tiny buttons is the on off switch .
in a low signal area i had two bars before hooking it up , and full bars after hooking it up .
this is an inexpensive version of the apple charge cord but it works just fine .
for the almost $ 50 price tag i thought it would be better quality since it was the step up from the entry level bluetooth .
i purchased one of the igo wall chargers from another retailer several years ago for an outrageous amount of money and the special tips were very expensive too . the universal charger eliminates the clutter of several separate chargers around the house .
i know this is not from the headset because as i said , i have another identical headset on another ( corded ) phone .
i never trusted just the clip on style and wanted belt loops .
the only thing you need is an ac adapter to plug the battery pack into for charging and you have an all in one ready to go , power unit . the unit is sleek looking and the ports are nicely labeled on the back of the battery pack so you know which one to use for each device .
i was kinda surprised that it 's not a stand alone but it works well with the supplied charger .
the phone removes easily when needed but is snug within the case .
it works fine and even better than the one that came with the phone . ( this one comes with a snap on and off button so that it 's securely connected to phone . ) highly recommend this product .
wonderful service for a useful phone . as in the other reviews , the phone cable is a little bit short ; you can buy an extender and a phone extension cord if you want to put it far away .
this is the cutest case ever !
it works fine for the intended purpose , but the only place in my car that the suction cup would hold was on the windshield .
while i had little difficulty following the directions , i was unable to get a couple of small air bubbles out between the phone screen and the protector .
it is superior to the office mophie case as the belt clip does n 't break after 2 months .
sure there are a million bluetooth headsets in the market today and jabra makes quite a few of them .
i have a 07 mustang with the color changing dash lights . . . they are currently set to blue and i barely notice the blue from the charger .
plugs into your car lighter with a usb port , a nice clamp that fits most any sized phone .
i will say i preferred how the phone book was layed out better in the s105 , but everything else is easier to use on this phone and the t zones is so much more functional !
no bluetooth headset i 've owned does . it pains me that i 've spent $ 120 on a headset that i must tweak endlessly to make work .
i like how it has a little cord length because the solid adapters have no flexibility and can create a little too much torque on the connector on your phone .
i think all of these case would have this issue unless it is a hard rubber .
for a $ 3 . 00 product , the quality is good .
it is a good idea behind this device but it doesnt charge my phone .
the plugs feel cheap but they work just the same as the original cable .
very pleased how it protects my i phone .
i 'm sure it is used i found a piece of broken iphone glass on the contact side .
works great , love the price and easy to apply .
background hiss is almost undetectable at normal listening levels .
if i had to make one nitpick its the bright blue logo that is lit up while its plugged in .
i contacted incipio , sent a picture and they promptly sent a replacement . 5 stars for look feel . 3 stars for durability .
i read the reviews here and other sites and bought this headset , my first bluetooth headset for my samsung 870 phone .
it does its job charging the ipad .
the form factor and capacity of this product are impressive , and it is a well made device . it would not charge my iphone 5 , however .
the kit arrived with all the tools necessary , although it would have been more helpful if the screwdrivers were magnetic .
i then charged it overnight and again tried to pair it and nothing ( not one indicator light ) . i plugged the blue tooth back into to the charger , it had a steady blue light and i tried pairing it to my phone while it was on the charger and it worked ; unfortunately , i can not walk around with a charger and outlet attached to my head .
sync with iphone 4 without any problems .
the way you can switch ears is very good .
the folding blades are a great plus as it stores neatly in my computer bag .
love it works great on phone !
handy if you 're using a lot of gps or wifi on your phone .
it works well enough for a consumer grade audio device , which means it 's about as good as the rest of them , which means it 's really not all that great . to claim that it can block 80db of background noise is ridiculous .
pros stylish , functional , easy set up , comfortable , price .
these little headphones do sound very good for inexpensive phones , good strong bass and clear treble .
i 've had the headset on for hours and using the smallest ear rubber has worked the best .
i have to manually re pair the keyboard and phone to get it to work .
the film was minutely too long for my phone .
i did one of the combo deals on the bottom of the page .
if you needed to create a new hole in your ceiling and floor , maybe not so easy . 3 . the placement of the antenna on a window up one floor worked great for my location .
i purchased this cable through nathan norris .
it looks nice but the quality is bad .
pulling off the protective plastic when installing creates static which attracts any piece of dust within a 10 foot radius .
synching could not be any easier .
the price was good and the cable works great .
this headset generally works , though there was times i needed to re pair it .
finally , you can use the iphone 's own charger to recharge the battery , but only the old style , larger charger .
good product price and quick ship
it works well but i wish it had a micro usb plug to charge it .
easy to use just lay phone on it and it charges .
you can see the diagonal lines running across the screen .
it is big enough to protect the phone yet thin enough to fit in my phone case .
i use a blackberry 8830 and it is known for high amounts of background noise .
i received this headset loose in a plastic bag , along with the instructions and the charger .
i would rate it a 5 5 . a few small improvements i would make would be to label which port is used for the input and which is for the output .
pairs easily , very durable , great battery life .
unpacked it and plugged it into a charger .
two thumbs up for this case .
it 's more lightweight than it looks and the sound quality is incredible .
i think it makes the pocket case looks worse .
well the price is right to have extra set of chargers , and this is an oe from blackberry and travels very well .
in reality . . . i just wanted the glowing blue circle . the charger does work quickly !
the headset can be used for either right or left ear .
you can get a car charger , too !
if you want to talk a lot use a phone card and a pay phone or buy a local sim .
the material is 'gel like' enough to glide in and out of my pocket without sticking to the fabric of my pants pocket .
now that 's customer response . i will definitely order more from eforcity .
the other person didnot even know i was speaking through this headset .
same voltage but higher current rating than the battery which came with the phone ( 780mah ) . yes , i can get the battery door closed . first charge cycle battery did n 't seem to last as long as expected .
the 925 fits inside your ear and at about 1 3 of an ounce , you hardly know it 's there .
this case is very well built .
i really need a 3' cable . the shorter than expected length is not the cables fault .
however , when my headset is on for extended periods , it sometimes experiences problems ( will answer calls but not transfer them to the earpiece ) . turning headset off then on again fixes this problem .
you have to have the cell phone right near it then the land line phones are clear to talk on .
i did n 't like this case to hard to put on the phone .
the only real complaint i have is that for some reason i ca n 't figure out at all , they cut out badly on bluetooth when playing big band music , especially the brassy bits .
this battery pack is awesome for the price . i usually carry it without an extra cable and use the built in to charge my phone , but sometimes is handy to have one to use the 2amps fast charging . . . i wish the input to charge the battery was not built in for fears that it my break and died . . .
the phone and the charger are barelly warm when charging .
item is a basic blue tooth it works great and very easy to use .
it was trivial to set up , pairing automatically the first time it was turned on .
wifi and bluetooth work great , and the screen resolution is a real plus .
it fits in my ear nicely and does n 't keep falling out of my ear like my last bluetooth , a plantronics discovery 925 . i would like the volume to be a little louder .
for me , it 's the added texture that keeps the phone from slipping out of my grasp , combined with the slim line good looks , that make this a favorite case .
all the weight is carried on the ears which makes it so these headphones do n 't bounce up and down ( a characteristic oif many behind the neck headphones ) . the functionality of the controls are great though a direct push on the icons is needed to have the function correctly registered .
you get used to it , though . lastly , while this case provides the best seeming drop protection of any case i 've seen , it does nothing about scratch protection for your screen , so make sure you pick up ascreen protector , too . in summary , i think this is one of the best iphone 3g 3gs cases out there .
pros fit nicely , good looking case , easy to hold , protect the screen from scratches if the phone 's screen is facing down , good qualitycons power , volume buttons are very hard to press , this is very important to get 5 stars .
i have had this charger for well over a year now and it is the best car charger i have had .
as a result , the gels start to spin around on the headset and do n 't stay in my ear as well .
the clips are not dependable but the belt loop is easy to use and provides security for the phone .
when you purchase an iphone or ipod , you generally receive one of these usb data cables to sync your music and update programs .
it may not work with some cases ( had to remove case to get adaptor to fit and charge ) not bad for the price though .
this extra power connection is a messy annoyance .
love how i can shorten and use it in many situations with its retractable winding cord .
this device is a small attachment for any of the navigon 2100 , 5100 or 7100 series gps . for some reason , navigon decided to place the charger receptacle on the bottom ( facing downwards ) of their units .
great for travel when you need to plug your charger in behind a night stand .
if that cord got bent around at all , which is unavoidable , it would eventually short out one of the stereo channels .
this is definitely the best iphone case i have tried .
i use this when i use my iphone as a gps navigator using tomtom ( purchased separately from itunes ) . the suction works great on windows but it does n 't work at all on the dashboard .
this portable and lightweight portable battery charger is just what i needed .
what 's great about these is they have line and numbers , a grid that 's formed to help you make a better , smarter cut for your mobile 's screen .
this item seems to work well on my motorola razr maxx ( because of the battery in the maxx i am not that dependent on a car charger anymore .
every time i remove the phone from the holster , this case splits in half and leaves one side or the other in the holster .
i paid i believe 27 dollars shipped to my door . these things sound great for bt headphones and paired right up with both my mytouch4g and amaze4g cell phones .
the material feels good in my hand .
when the call did work and came through the caller complained of excessive background noise .
i love this bluetooth , it fits perfect and it sounds great , i also love how it streams music which is a extra bonus for me .
there are two different europe plugs , i took them both , and they both worked everywhere i went . i used the adapters primarily in denmark and norway , they worked great and gave me no problems charging ipod , iphone , ipad , camera batteries , etc . note that there are numbers on the plugs , the numbers correspond to the cardboard insert to let you know where to use the plugs .
this phone has the built in battery , which you plug in and charge .
you can also charge the ipod while in the case , in fact , i never remove it from the case .
it is much better than having earbuds , leaving one ear open to hear around your environment .
fits pretty loose in my gn .
very easy to put on and you ca n 't beat the price !
on the plus side , this charger is aesthetically pleasing to look at and does not look like a piece of junk stuck in the dash .
the cut outs fit well enough , but the buttons are much harder to press when the case is on . i feel that for this price it should be significa n 'tly better than my 3 dollar no name tpu case i bought on amazon .
even tough i used this cable very rarely for my creative speakers . now i will look for another cable .
however , even though the bridge section is broke the headset still works fine !
it works perfectly ! ( or what i 've tried so far works perfectly i have n 't received any phone calls while listening to music yet . ) note that i 'm running windows mobile 6 . 1 . i think it may not work for devices running wm 6 . 0 . the audio jack functionality was altered with the os upgrade .
this is the best accessory for the tour !
i love the storage case that doubles as a charger .
very good and inexpensive way to replace the belt clip part of my otterbox case .
they have small ear buds and large ear buds that come with this package .
i hate things 34 ; in 34 ; my ear , so this quality over the head type keeps everything where it belongs and i can wear it for hours with no pain or irritation .
not because it starts with an i but it looked attractive and ultra portable .
i have tried this holster with a silicon case and with the polycarbonate case and both fit perfectly . the only thing i can tell you that is n 't perfect about this case is that you cannot connect your headphones while in this holster .
this works like a charm and gets the battery charged up to maximum capacity .
each one has issues with how well they work or how well they fit .
now , i can use my roku box without all the buffering .
the stock battery was only giving me about 6 hours on a full charge so i bought the extneded battery .
makes you think you can only use them with the android devices . 3 . needs something rubber on it to grip .
also the material has a good feel to it .
look at the pics looks nice , right ?
the sound quality is n 't cd level , but then again its better than my old fm transmitter .
while it is not the most attractive headset to wear in the car , the sound on both ends of the conversation is awesome .
sound system cut in and out .
it has its own volume adjustment .
that being said , it 's black rubberized white plastic , so the first time you drop it or scuff it , you have a white spot .
mirror works very well but becomes troublesome when under direct light as it reflects towards you .
fortunately for me , i stop with a 1 . 5 cm scatch on my phone and before it reached the camera lens . where the he ll did they package these ?
however bass response is low unless you jack up the bass with an equalizer ( using it with android ) and being a non adjustable behind the neck design , you ca n 't enjoy them while laying down on a pillow as the ear pads will rise up above your ears .
it 's more of a dauber , like something you 'd use on bingo cards .
they are not too common , and the cord furnished with the battery pack is extremely short .
after a few days i got used to it and now i know how long to hold the button down to switch on off , pair or use voice dial . at $ 42 it is a good deal .
charges my phone , does my taxes and gives me sweet love'n .
we need more simple cable adapters like this .
it is inconsiderate to talk to folks face to face while you have a headset in your ear .
very stupid you had to get this for a walkman phone . .
the iphone pin i recived was bent all up . when i got the pin it was hanging outside the package . the package was open with many holes in it .
it was very easy to get the phone out with one hand .
i wanted to have a charger for my palm pre when traveling .
it has a cool 3d effect but at the cost of the paint rubbing off . it is quite pretty though .
the charger seemed to charge the phones quickly , never ran hot like prior charger .
that said , when the phone does have some bars , calls never drop and it 's pretty easy to set up the phone .
flashy and right up her alley .
i loved that you get basically 6 ear gels in 3 sizes for both right and left error . i found a size that fit my ear perfectly and was able to use the headset without the earband which was a surprise . the ear gels are gentle and fit in the ear .
these tpu case 's are all most people should need for everyday protection for drops ans normal usage . i had a flaw in my first case and boxwave sent out a replacement the same day i reported it to them .
over the last 2 years , i have tried over 10 different models of bluetooth headsets from different manufacturers .
it took about 10 minutes to unpack and install .
reader , i 've had sony ericsson , logitech mobile freedom , cario scala 500 , plantronics discovery 640 , and finally this voyager 510 . let me just say that my prior favorite was the logitech but it was a little bulky and it disconnected from my phone after most calls ( annoying ) . having said that i now enjoy plantronics voyager 510 . the higher model , discovery 640 does n 't stand a chance .
now to be fair some part of the phone rises above the case 's body , but the strap is adjustable and closes easily .
it seems these bluetooth devices do n 't last very long .
does the job without added bulk .
it 's lightweight , fits snugly , and has plenty of shock protection .
it is black , textured , and thin a really nice protective case for the business user . i recommend it .
so far , however , there have been no malfunctions , and these earphones also have great range , away from the transmitting device .
it would also get lint and other purse things stuck .
i 've had to use a wired headset for years because i have not found a bluetooth unit ( until this one ) that can pick up my voice from where they sat near my ear . very good noise cancelling technology .
also wish amazon noted down that it 's in an oem packaging .
the screen protecter went on clean and easy , looks good and fits great .
it could n 't be easier and while the attachments to the phone do add a little bulk , they do n 't get in my way or interfere with my use of the phone at all .
excellent charger , arrived in perfect condition in its packaging .
the only complaint is the oval shaped metal piece is gold .
note ! ! ! ! not the best looking device )
so i decided to go minimal , and got this simple clear plastic snap on case from belkin . it 's very simple , very basic , unobtrusive , not at all fancy .
other than the jabra , they were all the same , they had a loop that you hook onto your ear , so they did not fit . this is the only one headset that would properly wrap around my ear and because the ear piece goes into the ear canal , stay anchored .
the pack is very small and portable with curved edges making it very pocket friendly . the included laser pointer and flashlight were very handy and useful add ons , though as a minor complaint , it would be nice if those were on the opposite end of the pack from the usb port charging port .
when you connect two cables , one side stop working and also overheated burning the fuses .
very nice charger , charge very fast matching with wall charger . do n 't blind you like the motorola car charger .
there should just be an extra row for numbers . * typing a number in is n 't bad , but i wish the touch screen keypad was just a bit larger .
they stick out like a sore thumb due to it 's size and comfort .
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure , but still a good phone .
get an otterbox yeah they can range from 15 50 $ on amazon but they protect your phone greatly and otterboxes are the best cases around .
it now connects one channel only . the problem is in the contacts .
the built in laser pointer is awesome and it feels really good when used as a laser pointer .
if you'r looking for the original charger this is the one .
pair quickly and easily and sound quality is good . however , i am disappointed in the build of these headphones .
takes 8 seconds minimum to turn on off .
i just recieved my two otterbox cases one black and one black yellow .
i have about five or six wired headphones i use only when my bluetooth is out of battery .
as a restoration contractor i have to climb around attics and under houses .
this is an interesting and non traditional case .
it totally protects the phone , even if dropped on uffizi 's marble floor .
with this , i 've been able to set my phone as a wi fi hotspot and use my ipad , or macbook pro .
comfortable on my ear and pairing was as east as pie !
overall , i am pretty impressed ! i wish there was some way to adjust the tightness of the earpiece as it feels kind of loose on my ear .
i just use it when i need it . in my car , i put the headset in the case and put the case in the trunk or in the center console .
it charged the ipad ( 36 78 ) in 2 hours but that left the battery at a flashing 1 bar ( lt ; 20 ) . 3 . using an ipad ac adapter , i recharged the nt70t from a flashing 1 bar ( lt ; 20 ) to a solid 4 bars ( 80 ) in 8 hours .
this product works great and just as described .
positive case does n 't allow phone to slip on counters or tables
this mic is decent in terms of audio fidelity .
otherwise , you will find the tape player trying to fast forward over any silent portions of your audio feed . this is exactly the problem that i was having .
half of the headset is very stiff plastic with heavy wire inside , other half is flimsy plastic ( looks like it would be soft on the ear but does n 't seem that way ) . does n 't seem to sit nicely in the ear and you ca n 't adjust up down back forward .
it dose not glow different when the blackberry is in it to know if it is charging or charged .
these headphones have good bass but , not as good as beatz headphones though .
this was not explicitly stated in the install instructions .
as other reviewers have noted , the biggest flaw in the design is that you cannot place the phone in the case with the screen facing out .
the case is shiny and slick ; this is probably personal preference , but a rubberized or non slip surface provides a better grip and delivers less fatigue to the hand and arm as you do n 't have to grip it as tightly .
i bought this usb data cable after losing the usb cable for charging my kinivo headphones , and this cable works well with them .
there are 400 reviews out there so let me net it out . i tested this headset 18 inches away from an idustrial floor fan ( at low speed ) . no one i called heard the wind or the noise . it is not perfect .
i ordered this motorola krzr k1m bt51 940mah standard battery when my original battery started to self destruct and bulge out of my phone 's battery compartment ! this replacement battery is the real deal .
the 3 charging options are cool too .
it is a powermat . if you are the type of person who will go out of your way to cut cable clutter at all costs , including the loss of simultaneous usability while charging , than perhaps this may work for your needs . cable clutter phobic this personality aspect does exist .
this is a very well built and designed case , with a very cool and attractive color .
it is great that it rests against your ear , and is very comfortable not having an earpiece sticking in your ear .
i love the motorola car charger .
it 's comfy enough on your ear , but its huge in your pocket and since things stick out of it , its hard to get out of your pocket . 3 ) flashing blue light is way too bright !
i 've always been an otterbox brand person .
i can see why that is , because the ear part is spring loaded to keep headset tight against the ear but it 's not good . worth the money , hope a newer version improves the comfort level .
this tool set is better than expected .
very good sound , fits nicely on my ear , and i love the car charger .
i walked away from my ipod at one point to another room , but can still hear the music with absolutely no noise ! the manual came with the headphone is sufficient for operating and pairing the headset , only that it has very small print .
it does make the note feel noticeably heavier than the naked phone , but there is a lot of area to cover on the note .
my girlfriend has a pantech crossover and needed a protective film too .
it is a little strange taking phone calls in stereo , but it works fine .
this external charger works great and the plug can also be disconnected from the external battery charger and plugged right into the phone .
people generally do n 't realize they are on speakerphone , and it 's much better than fumbling with a headset .
it is a very uncomfortable fit for my adult female ear .
but it fits so perfectly there is no danger of the bottom slipping off .
but i never accidentally activated the laser pointer . . . . need to add an extra adapter cable before charging galaxy tab . does not come with a wall charger .
but out of the 3 i bought , 0 have functioned properly with my palm pre !
i often get the equalization changed message when i am trying to get siri to pop up . . . very annoying !
this only happened once so i ca n 't say for sure that the keyboard sucked them dry . what really annoyed me was the fold and unfold sticker which had some sort of industrial adhesive .
using any large device in portrait orientation is going to be semi unstable .
bottom line , for the money this is a nice little case . ipod fits in nicely , although as others have mentioned the case does slightly overlap the screen .
it improved my cell reception in a rural mountain area with a hardly any reception for about 20 miles .
i like the blue light , very cool !
this is a great fit for my iphone 5c , the material the case is made of has just the right flexibility that is slips on nicely and is comfortable to grip .
my phone fits snugly and feels very well protected .
the reason i keep buying them is the audio quality is fantastic and the fit within my ear is solid .
to remedy this i kept having to shove the headset into my ear or cup my hand around it .
it 's a nice looking case and really protects your phone but it wo n 't last that long .
the rubber earpieces are made from thinner silicon than others , but it seems to make for a better fit .
many cheap made in china , chargers takes forever to charge the phone .
highly recomendable . note it also looks nice in black car boards .
if that is your main issue with the bluetooth headsets , then this one is not for you .
it could only charge one of those at a time .
compact to fit on my key chain without getting in the way .
but overall , it does the charging job great !
it also seems to charge my phone quicker than even an outlet charger .
works good as a back up . or re placement . worth the price buy as any as you can
much cheaper than the apple version and works just as well .
i even clean my screen with my shirt tail without worry of scratching the iphones screen .
this does what it says and has a pleasant simplistic design .
originally bought this so my father can charge his sansa player ( which only came with a usb to computer cable ) since he does not have a computer . the usb cord that came with this charger also works as a data cable when connected to a pc .
and at a price that ca n 't be beat when you compare it to mygrid and other power mats .
the pod prices can very slightly , however , the shipping charges are what make the difference in the final cost .
i absolutelly love this little head set .
the car charger works very well with the iphone g , and gs .
have a really cool blue light that matches the interior of my vw gti which i really like
its super thin , you can hardly feel it on the phone , the volume buttons are easy to access , and i the top and bottom cut outs are one of my favorite features .
maybe the other one will work ?
i purchased two ( directly from amazon ) and both work flawlessly with my bluetooth headset and phone .
probably , if you are willing to drill a hole in your wall , run the cable to the roof , have a spare outlet and are willing to put up with the extra electricity charge and equipment necessary .
unfortunately the installation guide does n 't provide organized instructions for a quick install .
the phone did n 't understand chris and peter . . . .
sturdy case , and fits the samsung note 2 very well .
i was able to leave the top layer on a bit longer for extra protection and the pack lasted a long time .
i tested both items ( i ordered two ) and they worked perfectly , charging through the touchstone and directly through micro usb .
getting the plugs seated in your ear is also difficult and because of this it important to note that these are headphones for sitting .
it has a good voice quality . 1 small glitch i found that when i use bluetooth , it uses more battery power from my cell phone .
it was not exposed to extraordinary temperatures .
someone , somewhere has a dark sense of humor .
works great on my blackberry , keeps the phone at a viewable angle while charging .
i love the built in screen protector its built in to the inner hard plastic shell , as opposed to the ones that smooth out on your screen .
works great for the application but when i was dismantling a hard drive one of them stripped .
i have been using a logitech mobile freedom headset for almost a year now and love it , except for the fit .
heavy use in my car has lead to the connection breaking near the usb plug end after about 2 months .
it 's a great skin that protects theblackberry tour 9630 phone , black ( verizon wireless ) from scratching and slipping .
use it for my gps , camera , wife 's phone and flat touch panel on new microwave ( i know . . . extreme ) . to cover most of our phones , i 'll only use the zagg brand .
of course , sprint wants lots of money for a car charger .
ok , me and my partner wanted this jawbone because of their advertising of noise canceling so we ordered 2 . once they arrived we put them on the charger .
it charges my galaxy fine , but cord does not retract .
this was worth the price , earpiece volume is great , no problem hearing incoming voice .
i made sure to remove any plastic covers and upgraded the firmware .
i bought 2 of these since they are easy to install and fit just about any car vent .
it allows each arm to slide left right .
the device simply worked and i have used it for years . the headset will operate for 6 hours of talk time and 100 hours of standby time and is ideal for me to use when traveling and especially when driving .
instead of using travel adapters directly with your electronic devices , it might be better to use these to charge your devices .
i had a total of about 5 bubbles that were easy to remove using the device included with the protectors specifically for this .
from bt headsets on my cell and various corded headsets that plug into my existing phone to speakerphones ( the worst option ) . the ct14 from plantronics is by far the best option i 've tried to date .
and the idea of daisy chaining was not practical because my desk is already overloaded . solution enter the cyberpower 7 port hub .
if your device uses the same port for charging and data .
it sounds like it cannot handle the treble and makes it sound scratchy .
excellent price for a spare or replacement headset for certain sony ericsson phones .
so unless you have a blackberry , nokia or motorola phone with one of those mini usb style ports , don t get this !
ring tones were loud and audible .
the voice clarity and volume level are good .
i bought this with the intention of using it with my htc thunderbolt mobile phone to listen to music and take phone calls wirelessly via bluetooth .
though i m not a expert in cell phone chargers .
you can tell they are n 't official because the micro usb end has a thicker plastic than the official samsung cables .
overall the plus 's out weigh any minuses to the set up .
it works , but runs hot , so it 's not the greatest charger .
you have to take the charger that came with the bluetooth and stick it in the bottom for it to plug into so there is no extra charger with this docking station .
i only get sound out of one side of the stereo when it 's fully plugged in .
i was looking for a usb cord without a lot of plastic around the usb nub .
the screen protector is slightly larger than my env touch .
works great fits in any bag or purse .
with the itorch we were able to keep moving without having to be tethered to an electrical outlet and waiting for phones to charge .
i have to recommend the quickoffice great application which gave me the oportunity to transfer my adobe and quickoffice licenses to this edition .
you have to slide the phone open showing the qwerty to be able to pry the tiny plastic flap to recharge and or use the data port for this phone .
that allows fairly easy removal of the stylus while leaving the base attached to the headphone jack . overall , this is an excellent stylus at a good price .
i also think it would be better with the screen protector built in , so it can have a solid strengthening piece at the base of the screen that goes all the way across .
the battery sits over the ear and is balanced perfectly .
works well , does exactly what it 's supposed to do . works with any device that requires a micro usb charger . when purchasing a charging device , you always want to use one that meets all oem specifications to avoid any damage to your phone . you ca n 't go wrong with motorola .
i thought this was the hard style plastic but its the soft rubber style , my daughter liked it so all is well , i know know why its only 7 bucks
this is a cool , sleek case for the iphone 3g .
syncs just fine , charges just fine .
as with so many plantronics headsets that i have owned , the problem is with the connector jack , the movement of the wire causes the headset to loose contact with the plug in jack , which at that point they are ready for the garbage bin .
the case is not as 34 ; slim 34 ; as advertised .
for the price , this product works just fine .
its an offical blackberry cable as far as i can tell .
thus , you do n 't look like you are on your way to a star trek convention while you are wearing them . while i liked the jx10 's design over the bh 800 , it had trouble understanding my voice commands .
i bought this case for my plantronics m155 after my dog pilfered the headset from my desk .
grant it my headphones all have mics and or volume switches on the lines .
protects all sides ( similar cases from other manufacturers do not protect the top and bottom edges ) . some complain about the buttons being hard to press while it is slightly stiffer with the case on , you can still feel the click of the button when pressed .
no interference , no pops , no noise . i had no trouble pairing it with my devices and it keeps paired . no power supply is included with it .
i got the body glove for my lg touch this afternoon .
slim . . . nice product . . . made of durable plastic , fit 2 ur iphone 's contourrating 8 10 i will recommend this one to my friends
just what i wanted , a simple great fitting case to protect my i pad mini while using at home .
when hooked up , i press the on button and it will start charging but then quickly stop charging like the headset battery is fully charged .
incredibly uncomfortable trying to put your head on a pillow .
it was $ 39 . 99 ( where did they all go ? ? ? )
it outputs current at 0 . 5a , though , so do n 't expect it to provide 1 hour charges or anything . good build quality , decent capacity .
the the silicone has just enough friction to keep it in place in a moving car on cloth car seats .
i simply leave it on the magnetic holder provided which rests on the visor .
while a bit snug ( for me and my head ) the earpieces stay in and provide excellent noise isolation . the controls .
i tested the hl 10 by picking up hanging up the headset 10 times in sucession and the lifter raised and lowered the receiver successfully each time .
it was kinda too small for my phone the advertisement said that it fit the gs3 even after i took the case off it still did n 't fit and one of the holders completely broke off !
i did have a little bit of an issue getting the paper off of the 2 sided tape that you use to glue the glass to the sensor but once i got it going it worked great .
the transformers all worked and looked just like the lg chargers that came with our phones .
like that you get 5 of theses . it really protects the phone screenno more scratches
a great oem charger at a great price .
so far it is working out great .
if they fit your headset then i would give these gels a try .
obviously they 're not going to charge devices which require more than 500ma draw , but for older and newer low current devices , they 'll work just fine .
it came in very basic package and good condition .
slight echo of myself when using it on the ps3 . ear hook thingee feels cheap .
the simple solution to this is to get a paper index card , fold it at the red line on the top and shove the little folded bit in to the slot behind the cards .
has 2 usb ports which is nice also an already built in micro usb for easy charging .
i could hardly hear myself over what sounded like bubbles in a fish tank .
size and shape are a bit awkward , but this powerxtender is universal , when combined with your igo products .
i have several ziplinq products and with the exception of one time ( retractable ethernet ) they 've never disappointed .
otherwise low cost decent quality
i am using this vehicle charger in a work provided astro van .
operating the power and volume buttons is a little awkward as it is hard to find the buttons by feel .
my headset received good sound with the annoying delay , and the landline got a delayed tinny voice from me . ( ordinarily , my voip connection is crystal clear , so i do n 't believe it was the culprit . )
i like how the prongs fold , the cable length is not too short and not too long .
i have used this to charge an asus tf700 , samsung galaxy note 10 . 1 , and the nexus phone .
no need to unplug the gps either . power enough for two charges . small and powerful .
then i stopped working and would not charge my phone .
it looks like the right charger , there 's power coming through it , but it does n 't charge the phone .
price wise , it was the cheapest headset from a reputable brand when i bought it .
at this price and no shipping cost , grab yourself a few packs .
now i can listen to my music via the tape adapter on my car or via my headphone ( both having 3 . 5mm jack ) . the charger can work at the same time as well without any distortion on the sound . _______________ * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 1 * 2 * 3 * 4 * 5 * 6 . . _____________ source . . .
this is my second time i ordered these blackberry charging pod ! ! their amazing definitely worth it and it says for the tour 9630 but it works perfectly fine with the verizon 9650 bold !
what i did n 't realized is what kind of ipod they have , they might have a 3g nano as we know wo n 't work with 4g nano .
that extra length may be a bonus for most , but i bumped down the rating due to seller 's lack of description and or consistency .
there 's hardly much to say about this 34 ; case 34 ; . it snaps right on easily but i ca n 't see how this could offer any protection for an iphone .
this can be a problem for ears that lie close to the head the earhook pushes the ear away from the head .
it appears to charge the phone , but the phone is basically non functional when the charger is connected .
price is a little high and no protection
almost completely forgot about it . arrived in transparent plastic bags , not even a box . build quality is shoddy .
the mouth piece is way too short so no one can hear you talk over the car and road noise .
the pad is made of a specific material that is able to hold the objects in place while you 're driving .
it worked great on my sony android phone .
the jawbone service techs were polite but said all they could do with the second issue was to refer the question to 'the front office , ' who have not responded in over a month . folks in the phone stores recommended other manufacturers for bt headsets .
what a hassle if you have kids or pets . it only measures 2 . 5 feet , and it 's surprising how often that extra 6 matters .
i bought this case for a brother ds 600 mobile scanner as it was advertised to fit that scanner .
it feels good in the hand without being slippery , yet slips into your pocket . i would recommend this product or if you need more protection , the survivor brand .
this is apparently a listing error by amazon .
not a single scratch on the screen or the phone itself .
this charger does the job and is a good value .
a good example of split rings . . . i will attempt to salvage these straps by adding real split rings .
web browsing is a tremendous experience if you use operamini 5 . call quality is very clear .
this suction cup works by placing it against the windshield and then turning the knob counterclockwise in order to pull the center portion away from the windshield .
if you pay this much money for something , they should provide a nice case for storing it and the charger , manual , and shorty cable .
seems to do a good job preventing fluid flow into or out of the box .
great product for only costing 98 cents .
does n 't work for 4th generation ipod shuffle .
the only bad thing i can say about it is the adapter to charge the battery is pretty much proprietary and it is bound to short out on the ends .
adapter works great with the different headphones that i have .
they was like really i could n 't tell . the controls are very easy to remember how to control the music and the phone .
one annoying feature is the power button and the indicator light directly where you press .
going to buy cheap ( yet more durable ) rocketfish brand .
works great with my blackberry tour on verizon .
i was so bothered by the light on the adapter that i painted it black , but then the usb plug broke again just a few weeks later .
the headset has a very comfortable fit and the volume is nice and loud .
because the ear piece sits on the ear canal with a soft rubber sealing cushion , surrounding noises are also reduced . cons the voice quality i am receiving , from many different callers , is below the quality of my motorola 850 . but not by a lot . unlike the 850 where turning the unit off was a simple matter of closing the boom microphone .
the problem is that it stretches out when pulling in and out of pockets , as well as turning the pocket inside out ( classy look ) . it also traps all the lint and dust , something to know in advance .
i think that 's about the most you can expect from a bluetooth headset .
i put her protective screen saver on and this case on her phone and you woulda thought the woman had a new phone .
so here is my rating for this item the original the one came from bto inc . , gets 5 stars . the one sold by the oem shop gets 1 star .
the phone wo n 't go into the mount with a bumper on it .
simple but looks great ! ! does the job , fits well , has a good grip .
i can turn up the volume but it just makes them louder with the tinny sound .
in case you were wondering , the only differences between the black and silver razrs are 1 . the color2 . the price tag ( at some stores ) there are no new features in the black razr .
i was listening to dark night of the soul ( asin b003tj3oy8 ) within 2 minutes of getting them out of the packaging and charged up ( motorola , what were you thinking on the packaging ?
it is easy to set up with your phone and works reasonably well and is attractively priced .
i was thinking this was the orginal oem u9 cable .
in fact , it 's the best headset i 've found for the treo ( tried plantronics and motorola previously without success ) . however , the ear hooks were missing from the package and samsung customer service would n 't even speak to me without me providing my phone 's esn numbers .
i also had another micro usb charger and it used to take forever for it to charger your phone .
the case fits great , it looks good , and it provides good protection .
the same day i got this i was using it to charge my grandsons ipad and it fell a part the end that plugs into the ipad came apart will not buy anymore from this sealer they are cheap made not worth the money it was a waste sorry .
it comes with a six inch usb cable that you plug into the unit and the ps3 wait for the charging light to flash steady red then it is paired .
extremely responsive . * very comfortable , i wore the headset for several hours for 3 days without any complaints . * excellent incoming sound both volume quality .
i 'm glad companies like this offer reasonably priced screens with a complete installation kit .
i needed to replace one of my car chargers because it was wearing out .
the 4th gen will fit in this way even with its hard shell case still on .
i make this statement because once installed , i had to 34 ; stuff 34 ; all the wire up into the headliner through a small opening .
i got it to work with the sony bluetooth adapter , sony vaio laptop , my nokia cell phone , my ipod touch .
the piece stayed on my head pretty well and comfortably , and making or answering calls was straightforward . i 've returned mine because of the two problems .
prices usually are very good , but the cables need to be reinforced where the metal meets the wire .
this charger woks wonderfully on the samsung galaxy s4 . it chargers the phone fast and the price is great !
we tried to call aliph , the manufacturer ( no toll free number available for support ) for 4 days , left numerous messages no one ever returned not one call .
i originally had the black wep , which worked fine .
we get this message saying shortcut not available on this phone .
it is harder to shut off a call w this one .
you can do the same thing in your car if you have a photo aux input ( just use a cig lighter adapter to power the unit ) . this could actually be pretty easily hardwired into most cars to add the ability to have bluetooth pandora and more through the car speakers .
the controls are on the right ear side .
if satechi can modify its design , the product can be unbeatable .
a clip brok off within the first week i had it on .
a fully charged battery should be able to deliver full output from both usb sockets for over 2 hours ( 7 amp hours 3 . 1 amps 2 . 26 hours ) , so i suspect the status lights may not be entirely accurate at disclosing the actual amount of power left in the battery .
it is glued to the keyboard and to the front surface and is quite a pain to remove .
the s style pattern at the back is more of a personal taste some people like it but some other may not .
it charges fast and is holding up well .
from this point just use your car 's volume to amplify the volume . good luck !
not only does it charge my phone , but it does it faster than the car charger .
it pairs up very easily and the battery life is great .
does not give you left and right channels like it should .
the razr may have been out awhile but it has alot of under the hood improvements in different versions and is still a great phone .
rate is rapid enough to allow you to use the phone as a navigation device and still charges the battery . i would highly recommend this charger the best .
it 's sturdy as a rock and easy to clean .
after doing some research i find a coffee maker needs somewhere around 1000 watts to run .
the holster does not hold my husbands phone .
cables do n 't even charge the phones .
not as good in the wind as i had hoped but this is true of most bt ear pieces i have tried .
it was 3 4 charged when arrived and fully charged up in about two hours .
came with 2 sets of rubber padding one of the super small never saw that tiny but my daughter likes it .
handsome and good feeling iphone 5 case that is inexpensive without feeling cheap , great value for the price and seems like it will do a nice job of protecting my new iphone 5 from normal use , your mileage may vary .
it 's great for working with spreadsheets or anything else that 's really too small for touchscreen navigation . it has another function that i find i use all the time , it makes a nice fob to pull my phone out of my pocket .
i confirmed my suspicion after purchasing a real oem samsung charger and comparing it with this product side by side .
however , it 's sound quality is not as good and it does have challenges iin pairing and transferring the address book .
rather than spend the $ 30 verizon wants for their branded chargers , i ordered this charger for under $ 6 . it appears to be of pretty high quality and charges my motorola barrage and my wife 's motorola droid with no problems .
it does not provide as much power as the im70d .
i hardly even used the volume buttons since controlling the volume with my phone is usually sufficient . these headphones are going in the trash .
the itouch might break if i drop it .
i could not believe the price of this oem model .
this was suppose to be a brand new headset .
this will provide coverage for 1 room only .
i put the velcro over the spots where the magnets were .
customer service was fairly helpful , but not outstanding , took 3 weeks to replace my dead supertooth ii .
if you are reasonably handy , and have steady hands and some mechanical ability , you can do this , and this kit is amazingly all you need except for the screwdriver and the hair dryer .
microusb is universal and it has worked on all the devices i have tested with . sprint lg optimus gvarious sprint mifi 'svarious verizon mifi 'sverizon samsung galaxy nexusi recommend this !
if the whole thing were black however , it would look less like an eyebrow pencil .
not very different from the commuter series .
it came with v20 software , upgraded to v21 , but nokia wo n 't release the v30 software in us yet .
it signaled that it was paired for phone calls , but upon testing it by calling my husband 's iphone 4 , i never got to hear anything in the headset .
it charges very fast ; it supplies a lot of current .
the finish is not sticky like a lot of silicone cases , for example lint etc does n 't stick to it .
and the phone was more pleasing after i got a few new games themes ringtones on it via the infrared port .
love the color and has held up very good !
you have to clip your uncased phone into the plastic backing attached 5o the purse .
battery life of your iphone will just about double with this case battery .
i used these instructions to open the cassette ( carefully , lifting the two screw side so as not to lose all the pieces ) , and removed the tape reverse assembly .
they are far superior for workouts than these headphones .
it works fine below 45 mph but the faster i go the more my callers complain about the road noise .
i 'll just buy the verizon charger instead
provides a very rapid charge for my samsung and blackberry phones . the asymmetric shape of the usb plug makes it easy to tell if you have it right side up .
the blue arctic frost crystal slip case is identical to it other than being blue and transparent . right now , there are a few different prices listed for these .
i used to 34 ; hack 34 ; wireless charging into my s3 phone and it did it 's part perfectly .
i often surf the web or watch videos while in bed and have had no problems with the case being slippy .
i have run into dead spots ( areas where cell phone signals are weak ) fairly often .
i was right this headset is very comfortable compared to another headset i just bought .
it 's just a thin color change for your phone .
the battery saving feature where it shuts off automatically also works great . this product would be 5 stars in my book if the volume was louder .
when you hang up , it hangs up on the cell phone as well .
there are plenty . 3g is great too .
plugged a couple more times into the cigarette lighter to see if problem resolves , and it blew the fuse on the car .
the quality of this cable seems to be very good .
no more squinting my eyes to plug in the charger .
it has a stand you can plug it into then you plug your usb cable into the stand and the ps3 . turn on the ps3 and charging begins .
once attached , you simply wrap the camera with the material and a velcro patch holds it in place . i have a small camera ( fujifilm exr ) and this wrap barely fits this camera .
but ( and here 's a big but ) , the two supporting brackets on the bottom of the cradle prevent the charging cable to be used with the iphone ! the workaround would be to fold these two brackets ( i . e .
it is almost exactly like tinting your own windows .
this charger is excellent for any phone that can be charged using a micro usb port .
it changes voice to digital and looks for what you said .
the voice command problem probably has more to do with my lg 8350 cell phone than the headset .
but . . . the eargels unclip too easily when in a pocket , bag , or especially when in the pocket clip charger .
having this alone will not do anything for you . it comes with a nice black bag to keep both chargers and the wire spool inside of along with the tip .
the plastic does not work well with the touch screen . .
it works great and better than the $ 30dollar ones they sell at best buy .
volume and clarity are fine and sound just like holding my phone up to my ear . overall it 's a good headset and fine for my purposes .
maybe it will work with headsets that do not have the activation button on the outside surface .
this charger works just fine with my motorola droid x .
they weigh at least twice as much as my previous bluetooth headphones .
when i purchased the jawbone bluetooth headset i was expecting good things . and though the headset is a little more cumbersome to put on than i 'd prefer , and it 's a little too clunky ( hence the 4 instead of 5 stars ) , the sound quality both receiving and transmitting is terrific !
the end glows bright neon blue when plugged in , which can be rather distracting at night in a darkened vehicle .
i recently switched from an iphone 4s solid , square cut metal edges , a bit chunky to an iphone 5c , the thin , smooth plastic model .
i had this headset for a while not something like 6 month this headset feels great on the ear weight free and comfy .
the velcro latching mechanism is superb and i do n 't see this ever wearing out like some cheaper velcro does .
by putting the back of the phone toward you the camera goes over the waste clip , and the magnet snap closes properly . thanks for a great , cheap , case !
very durable , water tight , use this in my backpack to keep medical supplies dry , the clamps hold tight with a solid click when shut
i get some pauses in the music if i do n 't turn off the wifi on the iphone .
first , why so big ? i like that the microphone turns the unit off on but that is it . the ear piece has thin rubber around edge of speaker that eventually pealed off .
not only do you get a typical wall charger , but you get a car charger that also doubles as a computer usb charger .
i 'm spoiled after working in japan , where all of the cell technology provideds crystal clear communications .
i added one of these unit 's inside my center console then cut off the plug end and soldered the wires to the terminals on the existing lighter socket .
using a better soft cloth will definitely make your protector go further ! . once your touch screen is clean use the same soft cloth to apply the protector .
first off , it 's relatively thin , similar to off brand bargain basement cables .
looks like i 'll have to spend the extra $ for a name brand charger .
ask for more money for express shipping and it takes longer than regular mail .
the result is that i 'd often find the pairing light on and the battery close to drained . if you are going to clip the case on a shirt pocket , it might be ok , though even the tension of the elastic of the case is enough to push the headset button .
i hesitated to buy this one , despite the great reviews , because i wanted one that did n 't give me the 'telemarketer' look .
there also seems to be a much better seleciton of 3rd party applications and games for this phone which makes for better usability imho . reception is the same as far as i can tell between the two ( meaning signal strength ) . clarity is a tad better in the s105 , but nothing worth chosing that over this .
the device fits very snug and there is no give in the case except on the right side , there is a gap that is a fraction of a millimeter wide where the front and back attach .
the data is more datery and the phone is more phoney in general .
it sticks out top , the screen part that sticks out is not used for the disply but is doens 't look good .
it charges my phone pretty quickly and it 's great that it retracts .
the handles are hard plastic but fit my hand nicely and the the rotating tops work well .
i highly recommend this to anyone that 's looking for supreme phone protection !
i work in a very dynamic work environment which requires me to work 24 hour shifts and having on demand power is awesome .
if you 're looking for some protection and still able to fit your iphone in a case or on a dock , this case works great .
with this headset you can use it as stereo or unplug the wire and hang it on one ear like a standard headset .
but , the design of the case does not prevent the multifunction button from being pushed if the case is at all squeezed , even though there is a recess in the case cover you 'd think would prevent that .
there is n 't much to review , as it is just a phone charger .
i travel a lot and carry too many chargers . . . so , i though the callpod was a great idea . i ordered the charger and 4 adapters for $ 109 bucks . . .
not as fast as the prime 2 day but it was fast enough . updated jan2012 after 2 years , the product just stopped working .
problems i 've got with this unit 1 . too short range ; much shorter than stated 10m ; 2 . lost signal or lost connection with cellphone more frequently than i imagined ; 3 . when i used this headset to call my friends and t mobile customer reps , they usually complained that they can barely heard my voice .
while a bit big for someone people , this is a very well engineered case for the iphone .
these protectors love smudges and the oil from your fingers .
i should also commend amazon for super fast delivery .
using this along with a standard microusb cable , i can transfer files to and from my samsung fascinate as well as charge the phone .
there are far better lanyards out there and for not much extra money .
fortunately , nothing was broken and i was able to carefully reassemble it with no harm done . when pairing , it helps to hold the headset within a few inches of the pc bluetooth antenna . rants the features list includes wired connection for use with all stereo mp3 players . however , the cable necessary for this to work is not included .
maybe these arent the real jabra headsets ?
the keypad is great and i have no issues typing on it . the only complaint i have in the design is the placement of the charging port .
contacts can be assigned one of 12 polyphonic or mp3 's .
because of proliferation of usb based products , the usb hub is now more neccessary than ever .
in terms of looks , i feel horizontal and vertical both look equally as cool but a horizontal case is a lot more convenient , at least to me . this dlo case is nicely made and seems durable but unfortunetly , there is a flaw in the design the exposed open parts can make your iphone very vunerable to scratches .
i mounted on my dash and it seems to work ok there .
i started playing around with it and after an hour figured out what the lights on the earbuds were indicating .
the micro usb cable is awesome and designed great .
this is a great fully integrated product .
does not work with new smartphones .
the cord is cheap and not the original cord that comes with the other part of the charger .
of course i 'm sure the 3 . 0 versions will soon start to proliferate but until then this is a great usb hub and priced well for what you get .
they do sell a replacement holster but it cost almost the same as a whole new case .
its in build mic is good .
gives you about 2 extra charges on an ipod and about 1 1 2 2 charges for iphone .
to my surprise , it fits just like a glove !
everything is neatly packed in a way that looks more like a museum display than a regular consumer product . the back was fairly easy to change out on the pre itself .
the phone moves just enough inside the case for the sand to get inside and scratch up the back side of my iphone . this leads me to my next issue .
it only charges the phone and the charger has to be hooked up to a usb port on a computer .
the voice quality was great on transmission and reception .
it charges my iphone 4s faster than the charger that came with the phone .
the picture on the box , looks awesome .
it is broken at 2nd day of use and does not stand phone .
i bought their holster for my original iphone , but the clip that is attached to the holder easily broke off .
it is cheap enough that i would say it is worth dumping your original iphone earphone that comes with the iphone .
i recently just bought 10 lobster clasps for $ 4 ish and were of terrible quality .
still , this is a great charger
that seller was based in hong kong and so had to wait a little longer for the sim card tray pin .
however , you 'll see later that it becomes really useful when you 're trying to separate the glass digitizer from the metal frame . this comes with a screwdriver , separating tool , guitar pick , some other little tools that i did n 't need to use , the glass and digitizer .
for me that is not an issue as i am mostly concerned for carrying the phone for daily business use , but some will dislike the lack of support for the ipod features .
the top layer is removed after the screen protector is stuck down .
i also had my much smaller friend try it ( with a different eartip ) and it fit her equally as well . the ease of connection and sound quality is pure plantronics .
sound quality is great , people can hear me just fine ; though , the wires connecting to the mic are loose can easily be pushed in causing my music to turn itself off and my calls to end .
you can remedy this by angling the headphones closer to your mouth .
i never did get them to stay in 100 reliably , even by inserting them earplug style .
i got barely 2 full hours of talk time before it started beeping like crazy which meant that i had to charge it soon .
it fits incredibly comfortably ( and there are 2 other sizes of ear adopter provided if you do n 't like the standard one , ) has a very good mouthpiece , is extraordinarily easy to use , and sounds great , almost as good as my bluetooth stereo headphones .
granted it 's a little geeky to wear your headset like a necklace , but i 've never been too image conscious .
i used to have trouble with dry adhesive screen protectors because my case edge would work the edge of the protector up and start it to peel ( after , a month ) , this protector does not seem to do that ( yet ) . i was a little nervous about using a liquid around my iphone because of apples sensitive moisture detection system but it went on ok without to much extra fluid .
pros1 ) compact design . cons1 ) sound quality is scratchy . 2 ) speakerphone function does not allow to answer incoming calls suing skype .
i initially bought this to use on my samsung galaxy tab 7 . 0 with the sketchbook mobile app .
it 's also saved my phone from falling out of my hand a couple of times . something i do n 't care for are the two silver bands around the middle and the top .
i got this , in part , because my father in law said that his meter said the cfl lights were n 't actually pulling the wattage they claimed .
this case fits my note ii perfectly . i would recommend this case .
the hs 810 would not hold a charge very long .
this is a comfortable headset that does n 't scream for attention and allows me to have a functional hands free phone experience .
it has good volume and amazing ( for its size ) sound quality .
when i called i got the typical call center garbage , putting me on hold , disconnecting the call , etc .
it also works very well for calls , the only thing that i would do to improve is add padding to the plastic piece that goes around your ears other than that it 's perfect .
it 's sleek and thin , does n 't obstruct my vision when on the visor .
this ear pec is not so good its like a prop from a old movie you no syfy star trak .
the first set lasted me a year and replaced it only because i had dropped the phone several times and there was one scratch on the film that irritated me . in an effort to save a few dollars i purchased the green onions anti glare set to replace the power supply version not only did the film from green onions fill thinner , it did n 't have the matte finish and scratched much easier .
i was looking forward to a great sounding speaker since i like the altec lansing brand .
i had to go online and pay more for a ringtone than i would for an entire song from itunes .
it 's not a miracle worker , but it definitely pumps juice back into just about any smart device you might have at a great rate . now if i could just find more legit oem samsung chargers with the 2amp output )
i have an average size head and my ears start to hurt after about a half hour of listening with the stock rubber ear cushions .
got this to replace an iphone5 battery that was only useable when it was tethered .
it could be that 's not installed exactly the way it should be ( re not facing the right tower ) . it boosted my mobile stick perfectly , along with my cellphone signal but i was not able to use any data on my iphone .
the adapter that came with it was useless .
make sure not to focus when you insert pull .
every one i got was the slim boot variety as depicted above .
i go for comfort when it comes to headsets .
after two weeks of break in , i am able to get about 72 hours with wifi on and location services on .
love the perfect fit and slightly nubby surface .
this headset has good sound , not great , but audiophiles are n 't going to go bluetooth anyway .
a full charge takes longer than a charge directly from an outlet , but you have power instantly to use the phone in an emergency .
this item shipped very quickly and was easy to apply .
most advertizements online include just one cable .
this adds up ! ! my husband keeps a couple in the car so that we can charge on the go or sync to the microsoft sync and listen to music .
i also think it 's a bit large , in these days of ever smaller bluetooth devices .
i can be about 50 feet away without a problem . the best part about the phone is the intuitive on off .
it was easier for me than some people would find it , since i have technical experience with computers , networks , etc . 2 . i had an easy install since i already had a hole in the ceiling from installing a network cable , so it was easy to thread the cable up to the first floor .
i 'm totally convinced that this bluetooth headset from vxi blueparrot roadwarrior was n 't a good choice .
the black barrel is classic and subtle . this is a really nice stylus .
this is an inexpensive lightweight cable , but feels of good quality .
i found that it worked well with a cell phone , but not with a cordless phone .
after initially charging it , i usedit to quickly top off my galaxy s iii battery and had some juice left tocharge my i pad .
i will not say what since it is pretty specific . pretty much anything the ( cord ) plug fits into though . read the power rating as you ca n 't go over what it delivers andstick to usb stuff that requires 5v .
motorola gave it a sleek design that lights up blue when the charger is ready .
i had to go to hard cover even though purple is my favorite color .
i have it clipped to the visor .
i highly recommend buying this car charger .
the cutting is fairly straight forward , but the pre cut edge that is supposed to help with seperating the backing from the protector is not cut well so i 've wasted one sheet as it ripped easily while taking off the backing .
there are a lot of these compact , lithium polymer backup batteries on the market now , and what differentiates one from another is the features included on each .
great holster for any over sized phone .
watching a movie ) . that 's really my only complaint . you really cannot go wrong on a bluetooth headset for such little money .
having extra lighter sockets and an usb charging port is always handy .
this headset works ok . and for the price i think its a good value for me . it does not drop out and it works just fine .
it seems to work as good as the belkin i purchased at walmart .
but the earpieces that had some direction into your ear ( and left over others ) would not stay on , even if you looped this loop on the piece around the unit .
the head set band twists in the back and the ear cups separate away from my ears .
however , this rarely happens and have had this problem with other bluetooth headsets .
that us only for android tablets .
you have to go to your system website to find out how to enter the right code .
this works so much better and reliably than the ones where the cable unplugs ( the usb style ones intermittantly do not charge the phone all the way .
the case has a nice feel and keeps the iphone secure .
hubby is so happy with case as it fits his galaxy 4 with the thick otterbox cover comfortably !
i bought it for the razr and it works great .
oh , and one more thing i will add as a suggestion do n 't bother with non oem chargers , these are cheapies and not made well and usually have a low output and input rating and some just have as low as 400ma output 500ma output about 1 2 of what the phones need .
but hey , at a buck who can agrue ?
also , there is a thin piece of plastic that is at the bottom of the case that breaks in half after some use .
the price was great , shipping was very fast , and the quality of the protectors themselves seems good so far .
outerbox makes a great product that keeps my expensive phone safe !
only reason i gave 4 stars is tat , when coupled with iphone , even when u place te phone to other side of the bluetooth device , te voice crackles .
wish there was more oem stuff available like chargers .
so nothing about it premium deluxe or rapid
i wish it has a retractable cord like some other chargers i 've used , but other than that , i love it .
how difficult can it be , when phone audio is so limited in the bandwidth it needs ?
not only does it complete two full charge cycles on the iphone and the samsung galaxy s2 and one full charge on the kindle fire , but it is designed to comfortably fit in the palm of your hand .
my only quibble is that it could be more comfortable , but then i 'm used to either in ear buds or over the ear headphones that fit over the top of the head .
wind noise blocking is better than 320 but not the best .
very pleased with this tool kit .
very good sounding both ways but not usable in 18 wheeler .
i love that the blue light shows you when it 's working no guessing !
it fits my iphone 3g just perfectly ( very snug , no wiggle room ) . this case leaves no excess bulk on the phone and would be an excellent alternative to something like the smaller otterbox , which still adds a lot of width and bulk to your phone .
the microphone picks up my voice better also .
i do n 't . i find that a fingernail works better , and does n 't take up pocket space . i recommend that you grow one fingernail slightly long .
works great with my droid x .
i tested both with same phone ( blackberry ) and set max volume levels on both phone and bluetooth . .
gave it only three stars initially for very confusing instructions on how to pair this device with tl86109 ! i was about ready to pack this up and return it thinking it was not compatible with tl86109 . the instructions in the guide for the tl7600 do not work for for the 86109 . you must go to page 133 of the manual for the 86109 to pair it .
i do n 't find the blue flashing light distracting at all .
i could only get 3 corners into the case .
this pouch saved my phone 's life !
however , the firmware is n 't compatible with the latest version of apple 's software . also , their customer service leaves a lot to be desired . returning it .
the battery check feature is great .
the answer switch is too close to the off switch and sometimes is hard to answer . .
i love the fit and feel of this case for my s4 . however , it is not shock as shock absorbing as i need .
it 's a great case for the price .
i 'll probably get a second one for my work bag . most smart phones take a micro usb and this battery is mini usb .
strong cord , works as it should , but a little too short .
the lg oem cord charger works wonderfully with my new cell tracfone smart phone 4g !
affordable charging cables that fit the very tight micro usb socket on the samsung captivate as well as working fine with my nook and other micro usb devices .
this is well built , holds a lot of juice for its size , and has a led flashlight that could come in handy .
best buy and other cell phone providers charge three times as much !
the charging function , as well as the data transfer function both work very well .
other sites sell similar products for about $ 25 . amazon has the best deal if you have amazon prime for free shipping .
when my motorola bluetooth recently died , i started searching for a new one .
not good when doing exercises where you lie on your back . the unit connects to my iphone simply by turning them on !
it 's very distracting while driving and i strongly suggest rotating the charger so the light is away from the driver 's eyes .
when i started looking for solutions , i found that the motorola t305 bluetooth speaker was priced very reasonably such that i could at least give it a try .
this slim design portable charger is good to carry in pants or a jacket pocket for someone on the go who may need to recharge a smart phone or tablet ( or both ) . it has enough juice to get you through a busy day .
the motoactv shows no signs of issue with a wired headset during these times too , so i do n 't think that 's the problem .
gives it a bit of a cool edge to it . the case is a bit too snug and a bit molded fatter on some parts of the trimming but the entire phoneis covered fine with the case .
with this speaker , you can truly forget a laptops speaker capability and focus on the other features as this speaker is always right there to handles the audio . like all bluetooth speakers streaming via bluetooth , the sound quality is diminished .
the cord is long and the coiled nature even provides more stretch if you need it .
first of all , it makes the phone bulky and makes any phone carry case you already use unusable because it would simply not fit anymore .
it is reliable works well with the power adapter .
the only drawback is that the wire tends to bend low on the spine and gets caught on the jacket collar moving it down .
the retractable connector takes a little fiddling with to keep it from sliding back into the charger push the button forward and hold it while connecting to the phone but once in it stays put .
the size is perfect for my iphone 4 with plenty of room for the leather glass film on the back .
as has been mentioned before the hole for the home button is off by a slight bit .
belt clip could use strengthening though .
great oem motorola charger that works great on my samsung galaxy note 2 ! ! was n 't 100 sure , but i guess most microusb plug chargers will work with others ( you may want to dbl check output ) . the blue led is n 't too bright , nor bothersome . great car charger ( and it 's an oem ) ! )
i am really picky with earbuds and these are my favorite .
i use it with a monster 3 . 5 cord ( the only cord i believe monster has an advantage with ) half the time so if bluetooth audio quality bothers you alot , you still have anothe option with the eq7 . a motorola !
i was told by the department store , at t , that they no longer carry this battery .
it is made well and is easy to use .
i can get my phone in and out of this holster easily .
i bought 2 of these antenna 's .
it has happened twice so far and luckily it was a carpeted floor , no damage to phone .
the flip cover closes with a flap that fits perfectly and the closure is tight .
i even tested it with a multimeter .
my biggest complaint with the others was low speaker volume and noise interference .
these sit precariously , clamped to my ears with the band resting on my neck .
this idem was cheaper than the aftermarket model offered at wal mart even after paying shipping and the quality is far better .
sounds very good on other end . took a long time for earpiece to soften or maybe my ear confored to it . buggy .
other than the static it 's a nice bluetooth .
most screen protectors usually last the life of the phone anyway .
this product appears to be the exact replacement for the samsung s3 cords , but i meant to order the shielded cords for the s4 . verified it 's current , and it was correct .
i had my headphones plugged in and the phone in my pocket .
charges my droid razr maxx quickly and also works on several other devices .
the cheap car mounts you buy at your car parts store ca n 't compare to this bad boy .
this is our second new trent charger and am pleased with both of them . cons nonepossible improvements the led and laser lights are nice but operationally the laser light comes on when you press the power button for a second .
its pretty good response wise , not too much pressure needed .
it seems that most bluetooth headphones seem to suffer from the same problems , mainly signal strength and sound quality .
i use it to charge and sync my phone .
new battery for my blackberry curve fixed problem with random shutdowns .
this my sound corney but it does fit like a glove .
so if you want to mute use keypad etc , you have to quickly pull the otterbox off and then the screen will activate .
i use this for my palm pixi plus and it fits well .
this charger works great and is short , unlike most chargers .
would definetly recommend them to anyone who wants a set of bluetooth headphones .
it does add a little bulk to the phone but the protection it provides far out weighs that issue .
these were awesome headphones until the volume button snapped inside .
what more can you say , its an otterbox case .
but keep in mind the fact that it only supports voice and 3g .
went to microcenter and purchase one there . after taking it apart modifying the wiring i got it to work using lower gauge high quality copper wires .
do n 't let the picture and wording fool you .
save money and buy other cable !
and no vibrating off the counter which had happened before without the pad .
nice tight fit in lighter socket even in my porsche which is a bit shallow and loose with most chargers .
fortunately , their approach of using a micro usb cord means i have many choices for charging devices .
as limited as the fm transmitters are they have significa n 'tly better sound quality .
this makes no sense at all , since the z9 has a button control for disconnecting from current device . depending on your setup , this can range from a nuisance to a major roadblock .
i bought my new unlocked ( cingular branded ) treo online .
that 's what i get for buying a cheap adapter .
i still do n 't like t mobile 's coverage and especially service support , but this phone is a star .
and if this thing feels heavy on your ear , you must have ears the size of nickels .
when i accidentally turned the case on its side ( i bought the clip and attachment that allows the case to rotate ) my iphone 4 fell out and hit my asphalt driveway .
the pink coloring is very feminine and nice and the blue light button is easy to use .
the case loosened over time and slides up on the phone , which makes it hard to hear conversations .
make no mistake , however , these headphones will give you dumbo ears ( i have these paired with my iphone 3gs and it works beautifully , except of course the skip track functions do not work with the iphone 's inferior bluetooth profile support .
the flip opens when dropped and can demagnetize credit cards . would i buy the pebl again ?
it was pretty easy to shut the battery pack off when turning on or off the led and a few times the led came on when i just wanted the battery pack on .
i get a tiny bit less static from the samsung but a more natural voice sound .
overall , samsung makes great lcd tvs and decent printers .
i like that it does not turn on until you plug your cell ( the green light ) shows .
at a fraction of the cost of apple cases , this one does great .
can have screen down and will not touch surface .
not like some of the cheesy plastic , or silicon ones .
i learned later that new trent actually has a very nice product line .
there 's nothing like having a phone interview and trying to race around to different windows so the other party can hear me clearly ! enter the cell phone signal booster !
i called plantronics tech support and was told i could listen to the ipod portion but no 3rd party apps wth that 's why i waited . i think it was a waste of money .
this headset gives me exactly what i was looking for .
it works really well , with a pleasant chime to tell you it 's connected and when a call arrives .
the original one i got for her started peeling the fake leather up .
my problem is walking to the train and from the train to my building .
otherwise it is easy to carry around and serves its purpose
applications seem to move better , the web moves fast .
the wireless keyboard and this device operate fine together without any disruption or interference to either device . highly recommended .
except for the noise it works well .
this is a snazzy looking case that fits the samsung galexy s4 perfectly .
between uses to assure inside is totally dry , it is a good idea to prop open to air or drop in one of those silica packs .
if you 're purely using the headphones or a bluetooth device this may be less of an issue for you .
overall a very good product i would expect from plantronics .
ok , so this is only a usb 2 . 0 hub , not a 3 . 0 hub , but if your computer only supports usb 2 then this is all you need .
this is great for protecting the iphone .
it has worked beautifully on all of them .
is good for traveling and holding such a large phone with minimal case interference .
although i can still hear wind , it does n 't drown out his voice like the former bluetooth models we have used .
it 's still a very pretty case it fit my phone perfectly .
lest anyone wonder , i 'm not a small person and my ears sit stylishly flat against my head . i solved the foregoing problems by cutting a heavy duty paperclip to length , bending it into the appropriate shape , and taping it to the headset with electrician 's tape .
so if you do n 't have a pair of wired headphones , you can just connect the motorola via bluetooth and charge it at the same time .
good simple design that would work , except that the iphone 4 is too heavy for it .
the pouch was so tight that it kept hitting the call button .
micro usb plug is different . . .
and again this lg is great with polarized lenses .
i charged nexus 4 and nexus 7 together and both got charged by more than 50 before the pack went out of charge .
i thought there was no way a pair of bluetooth 'phones could compete with wireds , but alas , i was wrong .
the cord is really short ( 12 18 34 ; max ) so do n 't expect to charge something in the back seat or even the passenger seat .
that being said , the iphone is noted for having a relatively flat response , but the senns offer decent bass response .
the original blackberry headset my first order , both have a very soft flexible wire .
the second shortcoming is the the screen .
on the other hand , when using a data card where the external signal is very weak , the data card was unable to keep a reliable data connection , but the signal was still usable for a voice connection .
i use this cord to charge my phone in my pc at work and it works great .
i did not like how it bulked up my phone .
rather than wait a month for verizon to send a welcome kit ; i needed a charger asap .
it charges my phone at an impressive pace , and keeps it charged pretty well .
they are oem from the folks at rimm ( blackberry ) . no quality issues . . . they are real and work as they should .
it charges through the usb connection , and works great !
great deal and quality product quick and fast thanks ! !
on a newer iphone , it worked very well with no bubbles .
i think it would be hard to beat this product for any stereo bluetooth under $ 75 .
got this for my daughter she raved about how fast it recharged got one for me .
only problem i had was not being able to charge it on my cradle with the skin on .
i tend to think it 's a design flaw of the car unit more than the charger itself .
the itorch , was constantly able to charge my iphone 4s 2 . 5 times on one charge .
step it up , motorola , and do n 't cheapen down your brand name that i have came to know and love . based on the reviews , it appears that i am in the minority as far as being disappointed by these but i 'm always totally honest in my reviews and i was honestly disappointed by this headset . motorola finiti bluetooth headset motorola premium packaging
it feels well made and it 's light enough to carry with me .
there is a different between the size design of galaxy ii that is carried by usa and what 's carried by asia .
also , the volume control is excellent .
works fine but after only a few months the cable sheathing has torn near the iphone connector .
this battery pack will charge your iphone several times .
recomended by a friend , these are comfortable and sound great easy to pair with my ipod touch .
so the holster provided great protection !
once connected the cable worked perfectly .
this is the second cradle i have bought from satechi .
you do have to be somewhat particular when applying the protector to the screen , clean it first with the provided cloth , and the provided card will help remove air bubbles .
because tracfone does n 't have a lot of services to offer ( which is n 't a bad thing for people who only want basic cellular service ) , this phone does n 't give you music downloads or live tv ( which on other carriers are mostly misleading hype anyway ) . the color screen is small but good quality .
after having this plantronics headset for over a month , i am very pleased with the purchase so far .
in the woods all day , fishing , out in the field working .
you can also download limited content .
when i lost the h300 i decided to try the h700 . i was most interested in the improved sound quality and the fit around the ear .
it is still easy to slip the phone in and out of pockets and has just enough grip that it does n 't slip out of your hands . for the price , it is a superb value .
the newer voyager pro is much , much better but this was a good bluetooth device in it 's day .
great sturdy design in every aspect .
it fits perfectly on your ipod 3rd gen .
it blinks like its charging but when the extra battery is place in the phone it has not charged at all .
they last long and actually charge a smartphone well .
new out of the box and the speaker pops and snaps and crackles with every beat of the song .
i got this to replace my plantronics voyager 510 . i found the plantronics over the ear piece to be too bulky , always pushing the top of my ear far away from my head .
thank goodness amazon has an amazing return policy .
there are hardly any backgrounds or ringtones that come with the phone .
it is easy to use and very comfortable on ear .
its not very stylish . . . but it does the job . . . it has a matt finish . . it is very secure . . . fits onto belt very well . . .
seems like a great protective device for the phone but god is it ugly and bulky !
a simple and solid black design , at a great price .
not sure . ) this is a big step up in earpieces for me , my previous one was a no name brand item that cost a quarter of the amazon price for this one .
the bold does fit in the pod but if you move the phone while in the pod or move the pod at times , it stops charging .
works for the blackberry storm and any other device that uses a micro usb port .
i 've been using theblackberry leather swivel holster for blackberry curve 8300 , 8310 , 8320 , 8330 ( pitch black ) ever since for about 2 years and this one has held my blackberry at my waist almost every day .
being a micro b usb it will work with almost any smart phone .
after trying the top rated headsets ( jawbone 1 2 , blueant z9 ( i ) ) , i was sold completely on the vmx 100 . after doing the research on this headset , i ignored one key factor in almost every review i read . . . .
it looked sleek and felt solid .
blackberry goes straight to clock when you drop it in the cradle .
the blackberry sits upright and displays the clock while charging ( at least the bb bold 9000 does ) . the charger pod does not come with an ac cord but you just plug your original blackberry ac cord into the back of the pod and from then on just drop the bb into the pod and it begins charging immediately .
excellent sound quality and easy to pair .
the voice quality is not good and the person voice drops out often .
reception is very good , battery life is good , ring is audible , and quality of voice is very good .
i normally carry my nexus 4 in my pocket and this book cover case is kind of bulky making it very uncomfortable to carry in my pocket .
this one fits perfectly , and by design it should fit most ears regardless of size . the headset is very secure .
i like the retractable cord too ! ! ! !
before using the cell ranger i could not get a signal in my yard .
no problems , no short circuits , no nothing except a good quality item that works !
it does just what it 's made for , packs nicely and it makes you look tech savvy .
it keeps the phone battery at 100 without a glitch .
it 's not real grippy like some but has enough grab that you can hold onto it .
i like that the volume and on off buttons are covered to keep dust out , but the covering does make the buttons harder to push .
motorola outsourced its customer service jobs to outside the united states .
i highly recommend the curvyman for wrapping all sorts of smaller cords .
you could maybe fit some headphones in there also .
it is much louder than most headsets . cons the metal plastic earhook is very brittle and can break very easily .
i also noticed that it had a very noticeable kind of swirly rainbow look to it under the lights in my office .
overall , i still found that to be better than blueant st3 . apr 11 adding to the original review .
they are more than loud enough and produce acceptable music quality .
it works well , has a bright , large indicator light when it is plugged in .
your phone wo n 't recognize the after market headphones that is plugged into it , unless you buy the sound route switcher on the app market . overall , it works great for roadtrips but , not good for taking on a walk or jogging .
although very soft the position of the ear piece digs in your ear and need constant adjustment . ) . . . and finally , motorola ht820 bluetooth stereo headset ( another big ouchy , and bulky ) so after that exhaustive search and test in my private hell of r d ; , i looked into this brand called jabra . these people have it together with all the comfort and usability in mind .
the only thing i am facing right now is that there are little apps designed to the 5th edition symbian os .
other than a slightly different color on each end of the ipod iphone side ( the original apple one is white and these are gray ) , this is pretty much the same thing .
however , what i brought for my girl friend is the blueant x3 . its cute design caught my attention .
it take some effort , however , to put on the headphone .
the best bluetooth on the market hands down ! ! i 've tried the jawbones and the motorolas and the plantronics .
it gave me bt on my phone so i could use this headset .
maybe i need a firmware update . * other party ca n 't hear me well with wind or background noise , even with the enhance voice feature .
if there is any background noise , this headset will pick it up and transmit it just as loud as your voice .
it is very lightweight , fits comfortably in the ear , feels secure , and the reception is crystal clear on both ends .
as it is , the new trent nt70t is one of the best mobile battery packs i have tested .
i wanted to keep my car free and clear of cables so i purchased a retractable cable to at least keep it more organized .
but the fact that it remained in tact in working condition , especially with a rechargeable battery is remarkable .
the two slot design makes this design very handy ; with a 1 slot design , no one else can charge their device unless i remove my cord .
it really cancels out the background noise for the person you are speaking with .
providing options for different size ears would make this a five star product .
it looks great and has a nice quality feel to it that enhances the iphone experience . i got this case , and a leather horizontal belt case to contain it , for wearing while at work and knocking around off work ( i never want to be apart from my iphone ! ) this setup works out well .
buy this you wo n 't regret it . warning some phones , like the galaxy s3 , wo n 't charge well if the supplied amperage is not at least 1 . 0 amps .
it 'll outlast your cellphone battery everytime !
answering calls is simple as well .
plus , it is easy to slide in your pocket .
otherwise , this pack will drain faster than it can 34 ; re fuel 34 ; your device .
the plastic plying tools bent and broke fairly quickly .
it does charge the phone ( battery ) , but i think it has a bit of a sloppy connection , and may not fully charge .
i had this parrot professionaly installed on my pioneer avh p4100dvd , it works great for making and receiving calls , windows down or up , people hear me great on the other side , noone has complained about hearing noises on the background . it pulls not only my contact list from my iphone but also the battery charge level on the little screen .
i was able to pair with my moto droid with no problems . pros no wires best sounding bluetooth headphone in my opinion very discreet high quality unit ( owned almost a yr still works great i use it about 5x wk ) does not work great with iphones !
much more so than the apple cables themselves .
all in all , i like the phone , it has no frills beyond what is needed , and just the right ammount of wow factor for the kid .
i lost the windscreen for the boom mic once and an email to them got me a set of windscreens in my mailbox , no charge .
the clear plastic overlay needed a thorough cleaning every month or two , and the air bubbles were hard to remove from the screen ( even with the application card ) . also the clear plastic piece covered the camera lens , so all my pictures would have a haze to them .
so , you wind up holding it with one hand while working your headset to activate deactivate it several times to be sure you 've found the right spot for it . comes with a special headset adapter for phones with shapes that offset the lifter bar .
case protects well and the color is awesome nice
one final plus for this device is the built in power saving mode , which powers the ear piece down when there is no activity and an immediate response when a call is received .
i can see how you might overcharge some devices because there is no automatic circuit that detects when the battery is fully charged .
this is a great little headset .
open close the boom to turn off on !
i was actually looking on amazon for a foldable keyboard and came across this and these reviews .
if you use all of your phone 's possible functions , bluetooth , gps navigation , wifi tether etc , the stock battery wo n 't make it through the business day .
i get two , three bars in a 1 bar area .
i was very impressed with the seller 's delivery .
it works and has a low profile so that i can close the cigarette lighter door when it 's not in use two things i like .
they work best if phone is in range and does n 't need to search for a signal .
put them in and then put the appropriate tip on the end .
the second was like a piece of soft plastic .
the cable is a good lenghth and seems like it is very well made .
the headset is comfortable to wear for long periods .
works great for my razr and i no longer have to carry that bulky house charger just to charge my phone .
where it may or may not run . contrast with my nokia 3650 i downloaded a free ebook reader ( mobipocket ) using nokia 's software ( which can be downloaded for free from nokia ) and i was in business .
the charge capacity is great for it 's size .
the vendor assured me it was a new battery .
the best point is it takes aaa batteries so they are easy to replace .
i did n 't do any swimming but walked through a lot of sprinklers .
this is easily solved by either placing tape over the light source , or just turning it sideways .
to it 's credit , lg makes a reliable product which had good organizational screens .
i do n 't think it is as clear as the jawbone era .
positives light weight , small size , speaker phone works well , display is easy to see , voice dial is accurate , bluetooth , and it is great conversation piece .
not only did it sound a lot worse to people on the other end , but it sounded a lot more choppy on my receiving end as well . it stays in my ear fairly well , even without the ear loop just the eargel .
while charging , i have my phone set to display the clock , so my phone has now replaced my bedside clock just an added convenience and space saver .
i needed some extra chargers , and these were oem quality at a good price could n 't be better .
first i have to say i own an iphone 3g with the latest 3 . 0 firmware .
when i pressed the release button , it expanded but would not fit the phone and lock anymore .
a tool kit all in one .
5 stars based on price and protection . this covers every lip of my s4 and does n 't pinch the screen protector i have ( skinomi techskin which covers the entire screen , bezel to bezel . i had this case on my s3 until it got stolen definitely happy with both purchases .
this can turn on all 4 axis ( 3 axis rotating the entire device itself ) so your smartphone will never need to be out of place . the suction on the my car window is strong enough so that it never pops out .
this case is not a tight fit and is loose on the sides .
with some products , it 's impossible to get a good tight connection to the phone at the usb end ; this one does not have that problem .
it goes on very easily and does not require a professional to install , but it does not protect your screen as well as the other screen protectors as well .
the pouch fits the lg rumor very well with a little room to move .
even my big fingers work much better .
the buds have bass ports and the mic capsule is a reasonable size .
i would like to stress that my comments are directed towards this seller , not the product itself the headphones themselves were fine , no complaints there .
on a plus side the box it came in looked nice
it cost just a little more for oem and a quality charger , so why buy a cheap charger for your phone ?
it simply works and is compatible with more then black berry as i use it on my kindle , phone , bluetooth headset and tablet .
it does become a bit uncomfortable on the ear with long periods of wear .
it 's pretty but bright as hell on night driving .
i would suggest spending the extra money and getting a sturider case .
rim finally came to their senses and added an additional port to charge the phone .
with the lawmakers all over the world making rules against cell phone use in the car its the only way to go .
it comes with a simple , but elegant case , and ( 3 ) sizes of earbuds as well as a collar clip to keep the cord from moving . highly recommended !
the stylus is everything boxwave claims ultra smooth and responsive on ipad , kindle fire , and galaxy siii ; comfortable in my hand , lightweight ; an excellent stylus for any application or device . so why just 4 stars ?
this is not the application of protection you need .
the actual headset was remarkably sleek , so i kept an open mind during the eight hour initial charging session .
the black coloring is nice and the blue light button is easy to use .
i can see using it when i 'm very tired or , as their advertising states , when it is cold out . responsiveness is excellent as is the build quality . overall , i have no complaints about the boxwave capacitive samsung galaxy tab stylus .
they break after awhile , 5 star for a well built aluminum stand .
i am using the over the ear hook and it does not interfere with glasses and stays balanced .
when used for calls clarity was generally quite good and people generally did n 't know i was on a bluetooth headset .
installed on front windshield works better the the rear . . . buying more for my other vehicles . . . .
i had the incase slider in black before this but took it off since the matte material was starting to flake off and the case itself scratched the back of my 3g .
i brought a external gps but for navigation nokia wants to change me .
you might figure that out by reading the amp rating , but i ask you what is this thing good for if not for running an inflator ?
i have gone through at least 8 bluetooth headsets .
this phone is not customizable like android meaning it does not have widgets all over the screen .
in the bluetooth world , this is the only game in town . . .
this makes a big difference on my wilson sleek cell phone booster , it works so much better than the 3 inch antenna that they supply you with . . . highly recommended ! !
the bad news is not too bad you 'll need to think ahead if you 're going to stick the plectrum and wrist strap on feed that through the skin from the outside , thread it into the catch inside the xpressmusic 's battery cover , then slip all the the skin around the phone .
the case turns phone off and on
after receiving the jawbone as a gift this holiday season i was unable to use it as all of the included earloops snapped off within the first day of use .
i purchased this because it said it would hold my galaxy s4 with the otter box case on .
when closed , this thing can hide behind a . 50 cent piece .
comfort is good , though it decreases slightly on extended use .
i 've owned a timeport , v66 , and v600 . the timeport was simply terrible .
the torx is the only real useful tool in here for the evo4g .
delivers good power and my phone charges as ac and not as usb cable , which makes it charge faster .
needed usb connector for an old sony ericsson w518a works great !
features noise cancellation , which works well . i 'm using it when holding bridge conference calls from home .
the prongs that make the connection start to fail by not sticking up as much as they should .
they were around $ 10 and work fine .
this is a great little case it probably would n 't hold up to dropping it off the top of a building like the otterbox defender case but it certainly has the protection for a fall from my pocket or the desk , counter , etc .
always get the latest generation version and check the date production codes if at all possible .
setup and pairing was easy and it works great .
looked everywhere for a case my kids could use to put the ipod touch into while it was inside the otterbox defender case and be able to listen to music .
its a nice size considering the power it packs .
when that happened , one of the pieces got lost so i was n 't able to glue it back together .
the two drawbacks are 1 ) the random light patterns are just weird , i wish i could set it to just one pattern , or to just blink regularly , or to just be on when the phone is engaged . 2 ) plantronics' website lists this as compatible with all of their wireless headsets , however it is not compatible with their cs60 usb .
he ended up switching to an otterbox which provided the protection and convenience .
the blue parrot has a nice quiet sound to it , everyone says i sound good also with the the cup earpiece i have to turn the volume down or it blows me out so you hear very well with it .
the doc makes it easy to drop the blackberry in for charging . you simply connect the micro usb ac adapter to the dock . . . . and drop your bb in for charging at any given time .
both worked and were shipped on one box for free .
quality and value of this item are fine , but whoa , it smells so bad ! ! just like bug spray !
it looks cool and the noise cancellation does work to a degree but it 's not the perfect headset .
love the feel and battery life .
installation has been easy although removal requires some patience .
good quality case , fits good and protects my phone , would recomend it .
got them for like a little bit over a $ 1 . these sound great especially for playing music .
the tiny external screen is a great addition .
the charging cable is the same cable to charge boththe device itself , as well as charge my other devices .
well , it 's a good little bluetooth for the money . .
this works perfectly fine for the iphone 3g . * * * read and understand that this part is for the iphone 3g , not the 3gs . * * * the connection is fine on the 3g , but will not fit a 3gs properly . a certifiedit support for 8 years . it hardware repair for 10 years .
the device was not as the description .
one last note my phone does n 't ring when connected to the headset so you must have the headset on to know you have an incoming call .
this should be the only real option for a car charger . warning about those retractible car chargers they use a very thin wire that almost always separates from the plug part after a few weeks of use .
the old tools i had were stripping the tiny screw heads .
it is definitely worth the price , comes in an array of colors ( white , black , purple ) i purchased white and purple , i like that you can charge the case and at the bottom of it there is a on off switch so you can toggle it whenever you need to charge your phone up .
this case is great , nice tight fit , and easy to hold onto .
the tweezer ends match perfectly so they pick up small parts with ease .
if you keep this phone in your pocket , it will pickup every lint and crud from your pocket . finally , the plastic film that protects lcd causes an oil slick effect .
needed an extra micro usb charger around the house and for the price , this blackberry charger is worth every penny
i did get to download ngage games and that was kewl .
i 've had the same issue with mini usb to micro usb adapters from motorola bought half a dozen of them and none of them work reliably .
this thing rocks and they give you a lot of accesories with it .
this charger charges the phone very quickly , as if plugged into a wall .
then , i purchased theotterbox impact case for iphone 3g , 3g s ( white ) which was great for the money , but it stretched after only 2 months and covered the sensors which made the screen not come on when it was suppose to .
i would of given 5 stars if not for the annoying bright blue light on it .
while it does n 't look used , it too is just in a plastic baggie no packaging like the webite shows .
i am one of those people who has a dashboard that this product does n 't stick to . i have a dollar store mini glue gun , and a dollar store bag of glue sticks . i heated the glue gun , ran out of the house with it to the truck , applied the glue to the holder , and squished it on to the desired place on my dashboard .
i do n 't like the round prongs power plug , but i had an adapter since i have lived in shanghai for the past several years .
they are mostly counterfeit and work just as poorly as a real plantronics 220 .
i have now gone to the i phone iv .
great item as it was delivered on time , and fit the phone like a glove .
and the post office said it hasnt gone past forwarding please fix it !
came shipped on time , and packaged well .
other than that , for the price , it 's got a great grip , and a sturdy feeling .
i thought the ps3 bluetooth was a great purchase .
due to it 's price , i would recommend purchasing the extra warranty on the phone from cingular due to the risk of damaging the phone . 2 . i find that in speakerphone mode , the call is almost inaudible while driving on the highway .
this one is better in that it stays in my ear , but having the boom pivot away from my mouth is a real problem .
when installed according to instructions , this unit fulfills all its claims . note that for the best success , you should separate the external antenna and internal base unit by as much distance and signal obstruction as possible put the outdoor antenna at at the best available signal location , and the indoor base unit in the worst dead zone .
unlike some chargers i have that are true flush mounts . 5v is what i needed and it is rated for that .
however , wait 20 seconds and the phone reboots . pro loud and easy to hear from . con buttons and keypad is hard to get use to . pro the camera is fine for a phone cam . con battery drain is bad , when you play the mp3 player .
cingular did not bundle a headset , so that 's extra .
while packing boxes for moving , i did not notice that clip slipped off and fell into one of the boxes along with the headset .
we use this with a blackberry curve and it works great . sound quality on calls is great and i have n 't noticed any issues with call volume while driving or outside like some other reviews suggested . not the coolest looking bluetooth headset but works well .
the sides stretch it was a good fit for my 3gs .
cable does not work on all my micro usb units , but it does work on most so i do have the extra cables i needed
say i want a time lapse of a long event the gopro batteries do n 't last long enough even with the extra battery pack .
also , maybe it is the way i write , but the letters fail to fully form when writing looks like you are writing with an ink pen that is running out of ink .
for such a cheap price , the cable is surprisingly a good value .
i really do n 't hear much better with the headset than i did the jabra headset i had before ; it 's a little better , but not worth the extra $ 45 . 00 in price .
i purchased mine on amazon from eforcity for 17 cents $ 2 . 98 shipping .
this was an extra cable i bought for multiple room use .
it will work with any phone or other device that requires this connector , for charging or data transfer . it 's a nice cable .
most people have the best luck with the jawbone headsets and a few various plantronics headsets that cost over $ 100 , but i 'm cheap and decided to try this model .
you simply use your phone or tablets usb charger .
despite a few bad reviews , the sound quality is acceptable for making telephone calls and dicatation , though the sampling rate is obviously too low to listen to music with it .
with my bose ear buds , they 're very loud and i ca n 't hear car traffic , but with the motorola s305 on , i can hear the music pretty well while also detecting oncoming cars . battery life is good , functionality is good , sound quality is good less the volume issue .
this works really well with older smart phones like lg optimus s .
used it to charge my extra batteries for my bb torch phones
i have purchased a number of 'charger data cables' supposedly for the lg phones , but found that most of them trigger the 'this cable not recommended . . . ' message on the phone .
nice slider phone , wanted a change from the bricks and flip phones .
it does the job , recharging the phone , but it 's slow .
these seem to work well so far .
not quite sure how the technology works but it does !
i have them both and the plantronics voyager 510 is definitely louder .
the cover is all floppy since it doesnt bend at the side of the phone as it can stand up as a stand .
back to 6 mbs ( had to purchase a cable n to sma . . .
i bought this charging pod to use as a bedside stand for my new blackberry bold .
the cool this is that it plugs right into the earphone jack .
i even tucked a few zip ties on the back side of the holster for a secret stash of zip ties to have when i need them .
small detail , but a regular annoyance . the variety of clip leashes is nice , if you need them .
the earpiece covers my ears at a strange angle .
it works as intended for a fair price .
i have the iphone 5 with otterbox and it fits good .
much more even blue light output and exactly the same performance ! this is not an imitation !
and the wallet portion was n 't quite up to snuff .
on top of that i was running my 8 email account updates every hour .
thank goodness a good samaritan turned it in . pros very good incoming and outgoing sound quality . very good noise reduction . no blue blinking on the unit to distract others . very good unit comfort because of the balanced weight behind the ear . gel ear insert is an improvement over the previous version ( which was n 't bad either ) . i 've not had this ear piece come off one time . . .
it connects your iphone ipad ipod to a video or audio device through an av connection . ( i . e .
it looks like the picture , fitting the blackberry curve 8350i like the original protective covering .
go to the apple store and buy an actual iphone charger .
it 's a pretty nice looking case and really does n 't add that much to the overall dimensions of the iphone .
perfect for storing in a vehicle for charging .
the only bummer was a sticker placed on the soft interior which , when removed , left some residue .
good price , and seems reasonably well made . . .
i liked everything about this headset .
we have two different plantronics headset and it holds perfectly with both units .
there is no room to hold anything else in this wrap this is not a substitute for a camera case to hold extra batteries , memory cards , or the charger .
i store my headset in the small charging box and carry it in the small box in my pocket when not in use .
sound quality is great on these headphones .
this causes the forward ( ) button to be not pointing forward towards my face , but pointing down towards my chin .
and of course , it accepted rechargables with no modifications . basically there are better designed products out there for a lot less .
thus far , this seems like a great buy . shipping was right on time , product is exactly as advertised . works seamlessly with several types of hardware and video formats .
once you suction the piece to it , it falls of almost immediately .
but it does n 't fit good is not as comfortable as it would be with a solid adjustable head band .
bought it for iphone4 but now use it for iphone5 with an adapter .
quality of product is good and works great .
it has a clip , magnet closing flap and beltloops so it can be used just about any way you like .
the added voice commands make it even better .
these screen protectors fit my palm pre well and have prevented many scratches .
jawbone does not seem to offer any other buds ( not even spares ) so i just ordered some acoustibuds in the hope that i can actually use it .
but for a backup charger it 's hard to beat the value on this offering . one other suggestion .
additionally , reconnect is quick and reliable following a disconnect due to powering off one of the units or going out of range . ( range , by the way , is good ; comparable with the hbh35 headset . ) you can hear the other party clearly and crisply .
already have the holes cut for the home button and earphone .
new trent has done it again !
i purchased this headset with very high hopes .
call quality is great , i ca n 't tell the difference between her talking to me on the headset or regular phone mic , i highly recommend this product .
they do store better thought , which is nice as the rf get squished in my bag i carry to work .
the phone book holds 1 , 000 contacts , each of which can take six phone numbers , an e mail address , a postal address , and a birth date .
but it has a tightening nut to expand the metal contacts to make it fit tight .
this is a generic case that boxwave just put their name on .
she is able to charge her phone by way of computer and outlet .
the holder does a good job of holding the phone even when you bump in to things .
these are cheaply priced and cheaply made little stylus pens that are about what you would expect for the price .
but it fits snugly and provides decent protection .
the original has better sound and a useful analog volume control .
it is 120 240v so i also carry extra adapters which makes this a versatile device .
lola better idea would have been to place a rubber of matted plastic inside the charging pod to keep your bb firmly in place . oh since it does n 't sync while you 're using the pod to charge , sometimes i sit it in the pod cradle and plug it directly in the bb so it can sync but sit upright .
this does not work at all .
arrived earlier than expected and performs perfectly .
the button that retracts it just got loose so it does n 't latch anymore .
the headset is very easy to wear for long periods of time because of it 's light weight .
i prefer the smaller size of the blueant but i like the fact that the 925 does n 't have a ear hook that gets in the way when wearing my glasses or sunglasses .
well i got the boxwave holster and i went to use it for the first time today and it has a crack on the side of it i want a replace ment can you please send me the replace ment for it ( the belt clip side of the case has the crack on it )
magnet is wonderful and holds an iphone nicely .
what 's more , i 'm not sure i will buy bluetooth headsets again .
sound could be better but then i have been spoiled by those little earbuds that actually insert into the ear canal you ca n 't beat the sound on those .
i love zebra print on my phone . . . and add sparkle and you have me !
this is an excellent , economical trackball replacement .
just like the pre itself , the touchstone is an adventure to unbox .
this inexpensive charger keeps my s3 charged and ready for action while out and about playing ingress .
nothing that a little black duct tape could n 't fix though . . .
generally speaking i like my cell phones to have data card capacity , particularly for photo storage , but t mobile has a nifty album feature which lets you store your pics online .
you assemble the stand by sticking a rubber on either side .
the charger works good in my car .
i needed a headset for my land line so that i could talk on the phone while i work on my computer when i workd for home .
sounds good reasonably priced and effective , its that simple ! !
they stick well but do not break down in the sun and leave no sticky residue .
this is a nice case that resembles a wallet because it holds your credit cards and papers while still keeping your galaxy note ii protected .
i simply used my dremel tool to grind the corner off the catching edge of the connector , and it fits fine now , . if you have your ipod uncased , it should work just fine .
the main complaint is the wind whistels through the coil , so it must be set way back on the roof .
the motorola t505 does n 't come with an ac charger , only a dc charger .
i need one that will go through a belt loop , and most are the clip on style .
i bought a whole collection of various styluses for my ipod touch .
you have to clip the cable to your collar for sure , it 's not optional like with over the ear headsets .
it is not suitable for music playback .
this is a great little usb charger for the price .
i would highly recommend this antenna to any one who has problems with cell reception .
so it sits in the pod , not charging .
we needed something with a thin piece of rubber over the plug so that it did n 't catch on the after market case on our iphones .
it is a great inexpensive charger .
do yourself a favor and look somewhere else for a case for your zune hd .
this is by far the best headset i have used .
the snaps do n 't fully engage and there is a tiny separation at the bottom ( where the wired charging port connects ) , but , the case is held securely in place by the rubber silicone wrap around .
these are great for walking , or other low impact activities .
overall build is solid and outstanding . wireless reception is solid with good signal strength and it holds on to the signal very good .
i bought this for and use it with tom clancys endwar .
these have held up well , sound good and work with iphones and blackberries .
but its not for the zune so i ca n 't complain
i would not recommend this headset to anyone .
i got this to help charge a tablet keyboard , but was excited to find it worked to charge all sorts of items that accepted the mini usb .
mine averages 50 100 ma when charging my sgs3 . estimated time to charged 62 ; 24 hours ! bad connector perhaps it shows as connected disconnected repeatedly . it appeared to top up my plantronics bluetooth headset the m50 however .
however company 's that use the web for product selling are everyday being advised by there technical software person of the need to keep up with things like firewall , virus , identification system if they want a good hard seller .
charges my samsung galaxy s3 at the correct voltage .
it 's very tough plastic and does a great job at protecting the phone from damage .
i still ca n 't believe the new 3g iphone still does not support music streaming and the itunes software is trash .
small , great sound quality , consistently solid bluetooth connection .
i needed a car charger and this was very affordable and it worksgreat !
i literally have to sometimes use two hands to push a button .
and washed the last one because there was no place to put the little nugget !
the included usb cable with interchangeable ends is well made and fits snugly into the unit as well as my device .
the micro usb side of the cable could never establish a reliable connection with any device i attached it to , and this past week it stopped working all together .
seriously , you need to look up videos on applying screen protectors .
this phone connected to the internet via wifi yet gave me so many freezing problems both on and off the internet .
i was happy that the cable was actually the nokia oem cable described vs a cheap chinese cable .
well , it works fine except for earplug fit .
though it shows 1100mah , the two batteries i received were 1000mah .
it is a veryreasonable price charges my samsung galaxy s iii super fast .
the cutouts are all smoothly done with no snags .
it does not perform well with my iphone and often callers say my speech sounds all warbled and scratchy .
the best thing about this product is that i can charge my touchpad and iphone without relying on an electrical outlet , if an electrical outlet is not available for charging my products , or when traveling . it takes a while for the imp70d to charge my hp touchpad .
i charged it for first time with my friend 's charger , worked great .
if , after some time , the case breaks , i will buy this exact same case again . may 13 , 2010 update in just under a year ( a couple of months ago ) , the thin strip of plastic at the bottom front broke off .
people think i 'm talking on a land line .
i used the powder trick on the screen ( see other posts for the powder tip ) and after that i never experienced screen bubbles .
i use these to replace a couple of poorly designed earbud cases .
second , a battery backup to allow the reading to be seen after the device is removed from the circuit .
i t makes a glare that you cannot see through .
i end up having to pick up the handset manually so i can hear the person on the other end .
however it collects lint like mad and within 10 minutes looked like an old dirty case .
thick enough to surely work in a drop .
having that wrist lanyard is really helpful , and it is a nice looking case for the phone .
however , this time , they wanted to utilize voip only .
while it worked well , it made her feel like she was holding a warm cement block instead of a iphone .
minimal static . ps a previous reviewer believed that , like the hs850 with its folding mic boom ( the on off and connection switch ) , you need only turn on the h500 when receiving a call ; the headset would connect quickly with the phone and pick up the call .
given that i only have a need for 1 size , i basically had to pay $ 10 for one ear tip . . .
i have also tried it with a powerbook to listen to internet radio .
i have not had one complaint about the clarity of the call and can hear the callers very clearly .
i bought the antenna and the wilsonsleek signal booster and now i get 5 bar signal . i even bought another for my wife .
unit holds phone well , the unit is so very well protected even from rain , the clip that holds the unit is well made also , the phone pushes into the clip holder so sometimes if u hit the unit against something it does come lose , but not that often thats why 4 stars .
i do n 't know what got on it but it ate away at the top layer or the clear coat .
i love being able to use this bluetooth headset and have my hands free .
i 've had issues with other headsets in high background noise situations ; this headset never ceased to perform .
i wear hearing aids , so i had to get something that would work with a t coil loop .
very easy to pair this unit .
i installed the antenna in the attic and the main box on a top shelf in the den .
we 've been using clip hangers for years love them !
especially on those apps that my fingers are too big to handled .
in addition it comes with a lint cloth .
recently at work , i was able able to charge my phone while my coworker charged his ipad .
but , as i 'm sure you 've seen , the dongle connects to a bulky round disc which houses the charging system .
with the adapter , it makes the cable less intrusive and makes the gps free to adjust with the ball mount to nearly any position desired .
it did n 't' work i have two blackberry phones that would not sync with either with of our blackberry phones . we ended up getting a visor mount motorolla which works great .
have n 't had a single problem yet . if you are doing something similar , make sure you take into account the clearance you will need when the lid to the console is closed and something is plugged into one of the sockets .
so it 's not a generic brand .
i can see most of the file structure but copying attempts fail .
this repeated the next 3 days . my friends are now going to buy this for themselves . pros 1 . small , light , portable and beautiful industrial design2 . 4 blue led lights make it easy to understand what 's happening3 . quick charging . 4 . usb plug enables charging of any device5 . laser pointer and led light are a nice touchcons 1 . button is too easy to press .
convenient power on off slide allowed you to slide off when not using , slide on to pick up call .
i am no audiophile but the sound from these earbuds was really , really noticeably poor compared to the samsung they replaced .
it has slightly clunkier , but longer cord , and the earbud driver units are larger .
there is nothing much to say here , was able to activate my sim card quite easily , just followed the online instructions on the t mobile website .
it 's cheap , light weight , easy to use charger .
we have three identical phones and three different bluetooth headsets .
you can easily create your own wallpaper songs for it and upload without confusion . the downsides are no video and i detest that the memory card is behind the battery , making it take forever to power down and access .
i ordered several different types of lanyards .
laser pointer and led light are useful .
works and looks great like it a part of the phone and hold up to everyday use very well great price as well
it works great and is very comfortable on my ear .
and the 125s looked a bit fragile . at least with my bt 3030 it works very well .
its small but the volume is great and it seems to block out ambient noise fairly well .
some claim to be apple certified but none are !
it gives my iphone 2 . 5 charges at the moment , so it more than does the job i need it to do .
i used this wrap with myfujifilm finepix f200exrcamera and i felt it was not the right fit .
i went to europe and never used the card phone and was charged for 3 text messages that i never got .
get something with a later bluetooth version .
only complaint is that it would charge my fone faster .
the purchase price was great . make sure you know the size of that adapter , before making your selection .
i have a non powered version that is strictly for listening .
it is very low profile and provides a reasonable amount of protection .
it was the top part of my phone screen .
this blackberry ac charger is exactly the same as the one that came with my daughter 's phone and works perfectly as a replacement after the original one stopped working . this wall charger also has folding prongs for easy carrying in a pocket , which is a convenient feature . recommended ! cfh
this cable works exactly as advertised and exactly like any other cable of the same sort , just like the original !
doesnt do much other than provide fashion .
i ended up cutting out the part over the camera , and that fixed it right up .
he accidently damaged one of the two usb ports and he was limited by having only one usb port . i gave him this hub .
i bought one of these and the second time i plugged it in the light on the end went out and it stopped working !
i will mention that you have to keep your mifi and phone very close to the unit , but just use a bluetooth headset , and the mifi broadcasts its own signal , so i did n 't find it troubling .
it 's comfortable to wear , it 's easy to hear , the other person hears me .
everything about this charger is awesome .
i do n 't know the technical specifications , but this usb to micro usb allows me to charge my kindle by plugging it into my computer or using an adapter to plug it into an outlet , but not my blackberry curve .
this desk top charging pod is the best i have bought in a long time .
grab two or three for backup . a 1 service from a 1 accessories .
bought a cheap generic unbranded adapter and could easily tell the difference in build quality and had minor issues getting the adapter to work at times but ultimately it did n 't last long . third time around went back to the motorola branded adapter and could n 't be happier .
one nice touch is the apple plug is long enough so it works with a case on the phone .
i have fiddled with the supplied ear molds and it now works well for me .
the volume on this mic is better than most i have tried , but is still low .
i took both of mine apart and used black nail polish on the bulb .
needing a headset for my iphone and ps3 , i looked into this one .
amazon , as always , had the best deal on the charger !
since the motorola and cardo simply hang free once the ear loop is draped over your ear , it ensures the ear loop is sitting atop your ear .
save some money and use a paper clip .
easy to install and a direct fit replacement for the iphone 4s .
if you boost the microphone ( on the nxzen ) gain it decreases the in audio which is a issue .
so i give it five stars for quality audio , superior to my last blueant headset .
pretty poor for a high end device . five stars for great sound .
use your existing set of igo charging tips to charge your stuff in your vehicle . nice quality and the glowing blue light that comes on while plugged in is cool . you will like it .
great for streaming audio from computer to television .
my phone goes to the clock mode while charging so i keep the cradle on my bed table and use it for my alarm clock .
it does n 't charge my aa batteries in the case , and it actually drains the battery of any device connected to it .
have it mounted low on the dash almost underneath to the left of the radio ac controls right next to steering wheel .
when i first received it , the skip back function did not work , and i could not skip tracks from the headset as advertised .
its a cable s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss sssssss sssssssssss
the battery life is wonderful usually outlasting a phone charge by a factor of two .
the first one was rigid and looked and felt like patent leather ( shiny ) and this one is like a soft lambskin with a more dull finish .
fine for sitting around the house , but way too loose for running , biking or any vigorous exercise . as for the sound ?
no dropped calls so far ( 005 update with cingular service miami ) and good battery life , especially when you consider that i have been using it quite heavily for the past week .
avoid the bundle and buy it all from the same seller to avoid the triple ship charge . ; )
it is comfortable and well made .
we live in a metropolitan area with spotty signals from every cell service we 've tried over the years , and even the satellite radio service we used to have .
there is no other blue tooth that can compare to the prime .
the lint cloth is pure junk .
the kensington one also does bend .
it is a great way to seal the bag .
it worked perfect , paired easily , and sounded great . then all of a sudden , it just stopped working .
the other worked as usb instead of as ac .
the idea for this is great come home , drop your phone on the pad and let it charge .
it does protects your phone 's edges .
used them for replacing my droid led screen .
it would make a much nicer look , and when in your pocket no metal protrusions . in addition , this case takes up the ipod dock connector , and does not provide a pass through .
i feel like they should just give you a standard micro usb cable instead of needing an adapter to change it to micro usb . * no power adapter .
great case , powers me up and very stylish .
if the left side could line up so flush , why not the right , mophie ? 3 . hot .
it charges the phone and helps transfer data from the phone to the computer .
now i use use a red pocket sim card and red pocket for my minute and text $ 19 . 99 a month .
this cable does not work with galaxy s4 . it is clearly not samsung oem ( which is obvious from the price ) but it does not work at all which makes it a piece of garbage .
works perfect if you know how to use it youtube videos may help does n 't come with instructions but works perfect
no hissing or buzzing or other sounds .
it also provides a very secure grip when handling your phone .
i also just purchased elago 's own s2 case not a fair comparison since elago makes both the stand and case , but worth noting that they 're a good match together . the only drawback i can think of for this stand is that it 's not very portable .
the only thing this cannot do it is the zoom in and zoom out features since that requires two fingers .
this thing holds up my phone and suctions so tightly it feels like it 's part of your dash .
it is very easy to drop the bb in the charger rather than having to dig for the cord in the darkness and plug in to charge overnight and it looks great on the nightstand .
the picture on amazon does n 't show the nifty clip on the back side .
this unit has good sound , and nice controls i can activate voice command for hands free dialing , and i can change music tracks without pulling out the phone ; nice . unfortunately , the thing is really uncomfortable after a while , especially while wearing my glasses .
so basically it is an unobstructed straight shot to the tower .
the imp 52 gave me just about 3 dead to full charges which was to be expected based on the mah of my cell phone battery , and the capacity of the power pack .
originally i had purchased supertooth ii which had a powerful speaker but died within 3 weeks .
i liked the stickiness of it as it would sit on my car dash and not move .
do not forget to turn the off switch when not in use , else all the battery is discharged in vain . says it would charge an 1pod 2 . 5 times sorry it charges abt 50 60 once thats all . also , it is not really universal you may still need to carry your cell phone charger the duracell charger cables .
the case is two pieces , the bottom 3 4 is the battery , the top 1 4 is a cap .
i needed a vertical holster that would fit my galaxy s4 with a case around it .
the sound quality is really very good , far better than the jawbone 2 . i did have the ear insert plastic break , requiring glueing .
i have to admit the sound is not as great as a wired headphone .
when it is plugged in and drawing power the disc turns blue .
after months and months of searching for the perfect bluetooth headset , i felt my quest was finally over .
try to make a call to a company that says press 1 for english , 2 for spanish , etc .
but hey , i did n 't buy this thing for the cable . ( it 's actually one cable with two adapters that plug into the end .
there 's not much to say about this charger , other than it works and works well !
this type of situation calls for an omnidirectional antenna . given the weakness of the signal , we determined the amp would not be powerful enough to provide a useful boost .
i have had no problems using them as a charger for a samsung galaxy 2 .
cable construction is solid ; at least as good as oem .
the features are good , but one must remember certain button combinations for extended features ( like press two buttons at the same time to mute the microphone ) . the battery life is good .
i was a little skeptical if this was an oem cord as it did not come in the usual nokia plastic box but it appears that way .
furthermore , if you actually put a thumb drive on the ring , you 'd need a pair of needle nose pliers to spread the ring apart , then forcefully close it back together .
the blueant worked just as advertised .
other adapters do not have the juice to run bluetooth and navigation without also draining the battery slowly .
i drastically reduces background noise . overall , i am not impressed by motorola and thought they would make a better bluetooth for this price .
i highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for a brilliant headset at an excellent price .
great protection overall , but such a pain to take off .
so this version of the callpod allowing you to purchase just the base and then purchase adapter 's separately is the best route to go in my opinion . my life is a tangle of cords and the callpod chargepod works to fix that .
mine has a distinct rattle . design is okay .
bought this with eneloop aa rechargable batterys . . i began to charge play my video mp3 player . . within 5 to 10 mins i picked up the charger . . the charger was stove hot , smelling and melting . . to think that i was just about to leave the room for a while . . . . scary situation . . why make these things out of thin plastic material ? dangerous . . . . . .
it 's quick to change into many positions including many angles .
for the price this is a great little headset with good voice quality on both ends .
new trent has had one of the most responsive and best customer service efforts i have seen .
i look at the label and it say compatible with ipod 3g .
it 's more of a mauve than pink which was more pleasing to me .
after many customer service hours and phone lines , i found out that they no longer back this product .
this case would provide protection from scratches and probably adds a very little bit of extra bump bang protection , but it is not going to provide much extra protection for a drop or toss .
shipping ordered this case on a monday from boxwave .
as i was using it , the advantage i liked most was the ease of answering incoming phone calls while the phone is on the charger .
this is by far the best , most comfortable bluetooth device i 've ever owned .
this is a totally standard microusb cable .
the adapter will just add more weight to your phone .
it 's corporate greed at its finest and verizon is preventing you from using the full capabilities of your purchase . it does have a decent camera , but it 's functionality is limited .
this one is much better than most about not picking up backround noise but when it does get to be a little much , simply turn down the volume a little on your phone not on the blooth tooth .
the set up is a bit complex , but the nice folks at t mobile supplied me with the info . it 's controls are very easy to use and it looks great , i live in a signal challenged area , but i have found that the v330 works better then any other cell i have ever owned .
it comes with a wall charger .
no trendy apple esque white or crazy colors . price , i ca n 't really complain about a headset at this price , very reasonable fits my ears well .
only thing i do n 't like are the holes at the top .
at t ; is overloaded with iphones and other 3g devices and thus we are facing an overwhelmed network . . . which is why we drop calls .
the person grabbed the phone , and held it up to the camera . . .
but , if you are a business traveler , field tech , outdoor worker , etc .
just what i 've been looking for , great sound , the ability to control the music and phone calls all in one , with a case .
this unit works fairly well , but does have some drop on the receiving end .
too bad the company just could not make them the same size .
simply attach this little guy to your vent and you are set . i am a bit of a perfectionist so i removed the 'generic' holder and used epoxy to glue the backer plate ( removable ) to a cut off case which fits the phone exactly .
but i bought this for my mom 's tracfone so she could charge it with the usb car charger nub that i bought her , and it works fine .
it fits easily into my ear , and helps to block out unwanted noise .
three days later , on the phone with their support engineers and managers for over 10 hours , still could not get the driver . motorola suggested to pay verizon to enable the internet services , then sync the phonebook that way .
it 's like upgrading from a yugo to a mercedes slk .
it also is the only headset that is held in perfect position by the earpiece ; keeping the microphone end pointed perfectly toward the mouth at all times .
it requires a separate power supply to charge .
it came with blackberry packaging and authentic looking markings . 2 weeks in it 's already failing to hold a charge throughout the day .
i could delete the songs , but not the file folder .
the not so desirable about it is that the length of the wire is a bit long when use in car .
it also drops calls like crazy here in manhattan .
no fussing around with attach protocols like some troublesome bt headsets .
you plug in your existing charger to the base .
it is small and protects the headset .
no problems applying them and they do not seem to change the way the phone works or looks .
its a pretty good case just had to loosen it up a little because it was hard to slide the phone in and out of the case .
i bought this headset to replace my old plantronics voyager .
no more fumbling around looking for the earpiece , and more than ample protection for drops , etc .
wish it was not so bulky , but that comes with this level of drop protection . as a plus , get some 9h or harder ( do they make that yet ) tempered glass as a screen cover .
i just do n 't care for the high gloss black . . . i would prefer a flat black .
i will be looking elsewhere for bluetooth headsets . gotta have one that stays connected .
the pad has good grip on an ipod , my phone , and a couple pens while sticking to the smooth plastic .
my only gripe is that it easily picked by ambient noise so wind noise and noisy environment kill the performance .
i liked that i read you could plug up the box and firmware upgrade at no charge for future cell models . on my cordless handsets , i have numbers programmed , and the handset speaks those names .
this means that each port will get at max 500 milliamps .
not really worth getting . except for very limited application this is not an good way to connect a audio device to the car stereo . this item creates a bunch of mechanical noise and in addition the sound quality from the attached device is very poor .
anybody want a good deal on a broken headset ?
it feels very comfortable under your fingers .
i love the retractable feature as it hides away so nicely .
this is it . on my motorcycle you ca n 't hear the engine , and with the windscreen it is good at low speeds ( sans windshield at 30 mph the smaller windscreen starts letting noise through .
it is a nice leather cover and seems to be well made .
the headset works great , sometimes it disconnects for a moment and i just press the button on the side of the headset and it reconnects .
get ev do if you want speed . internet software has problems surfing and opening some links . the case of the 7290 and build quality is in my mind what made it so popular .
i bought this for my iphone 4g from the oem shop .
i have already broken both ear loops provided with the headset because you have to take them on and off to charge it .
this kit also comes with a guitar pick .
i recently got a new iphone case that would n 't allow my aux input for my car to fit through it , so i got this adapter .
it works what more could you want !
the connection is a little touchy , but it charges my work issued bb bold .
the person wanted a bluetooth headset that wrapped around the ears , not necessarily noise cancelling , but enough not to be distracted from whatever was being played .
the construction is n 't particularly good certainly not as good as the ( admittedly , more expensive ) digital lifestyle outfitters dlz95543 , 17 auto charger for ipod iphone ( black ) . for the price , you probably ca n 't do much better .
nexus 4 can be completely charged within 3 hours and still have about 80 of the charge left in the pack .
but the result is that the phone jiggles in the case .
this very high quality retractable cable will retract to as long as 32 inches ( i measured this ) . and it will easily retract back into the holder making the length of this whole cable unit at just 4 . 5 inches , which is perfect for travel .
feels a bit cheap , fits a bit hardly into 30pin for first couple of times
the keyboard is the best i have ever used and is far superior to software ( on screen ) keyboards found on other devices .
at this value i ordered several of these chargers .
the ear piece really blocks out outside noise , which help hear your music or the person on the phone that you are talking to .
bottom line the satechi was obviously charged , but would n 't send a charge to the nook unless the satechi itself was being powered .
i have found it to fit the razr maxx very well , fits into suit jacket pocket without adding an outline .
one thing i noticed is the opening around the charging connector is a little thicker than my last case and not as smooth , which makes it a bit harder to hold .
you can plug the earpiece into the case and charge both at the same time .
the earphones stay centered on your ears .
i am a very large man and this headset fits me like a glove .
when playing jazz and classical music , there 's excellent bass and richness to the music . for the price , you ca n 't beat them , even if they 're a spare pair of headphones .
iphone is a nice toy , but it 's pretty much useless in the business world . sell us the unlocked gsm version with standard warranty , there are people willing to pay for it at full price .
the rubberized cover feels a little greasy ( like it was armor all 'd ) , but the design is gorgeous and a little 3d looking !
this is in fact a usb charger made to fit the style of the palm pre phone .
this little case is awesome and has so many potential uses .
it works , but i have a new style apple bumper on my iphone and a silicone case on my ipod .
if you car outlet gives you power even if the car is turned off , unplug yours and lock your doors . this is a great car charger for anything that has a micro usb plug .
the quality is evident in the workmanship .
i have a bluetooth motorola earpiece that is over 3 yrs old and still works like day one ( one reason i gave this motorola product a try ) i wanted a bluetooth stereo headset for the gym or sitting poolside while listening to music w o the hassle of a cord .
comes with and charges with a micro usb cord , which was useful .
good product but i was getting the reel error on my tape display in my ford expedition .
and no , the phone is n 't too big for my pants pocket . the pros for this case is that it makes the note 2 look stylish , and due to the rubbery feel , it makes the phone feel quite stable in my hand ; however , the rubbery feel does n 't interfere with it going in and out of my pocket .
when connected to the phone , call quality is good and the mic is reasonably sensitive .
i bought this car charger for my wife 's samsung moment .
my head and neck get damp during exercise ( not dripping ) and it somehow seeped into the controls and the vol down and rewind buttons stopped working .
also i had to be able to hang it on my waist band or belt .
the juice pack air is a nice little battery .
this case is good , otter box never disappoints , it did have a minor rip at the top of the case , when i got it .
they should have just made one big cutout .
both sounded great considering the size .
in my home office setup ; with my phone sitting on the amplifier , i get 66 83 ( 4 5 6 bars ) signal strength ( varies day to day depending on weather atmospheric conditions ) and it drops to lt ; 50 if the phone is 18 inches away from the signal booster unit .
a little bulky on the ear for a petite woman , but overall very good quality and battery life .
very stylish and protects my phone .
should have a clip on top to keep the phone from sliding out .
i wanted a motorola charger since i had just purchased the new motorola droid x2 and verizon sells an off brand for 29 . 99 so this was great for a few dollars and motorola branded .
this case is not real leather as advertised and it 's suppose to have a magnetic closing device on it and it does not so the case never closes .
i have been wearing it one month and already de area of the belt is cracked .
i have to use the smallest earpieces provided , but it stays on pretty well .
it 's a good two in one protector , only gripe is that it becomes a pain taking it out of the holster , especially when it 's on your belt .
hopefully that broken 2 . 5mm jack was a one time thing .
my satisfaction at price , look , and durability , 100 .
i purchased the wilson booster and the cradle that it came with just did'nt work .
it paired very easily with windows mobile and android phones ( samsung , motorola , htc ) ; as well as my b t equipped laptop ( hp ) . wearibility wise , although it caused the some annoying discomfort in back of my right ear , it rested well over the ears .
this is one of the worst bluetooths i 've had .
they may be a bit uncomfortable or odd because of the back of the head design but all headphones have some kind of pressure due to the design .
i was standing next to a 737 with it 's engine running .
given its low price , though , it 's a great value , though i can see why some razr and pebl boxes include this for * free * . my report card design a , nice simple design .
but getting it on and off was not easy !
i purchased bluetooth headsets three years ago for $ 30 dollars that have that feature built in .
in practice it does n 't work that well . you plug a small adapter into the side of your phone and then you 're able to just place on the recharging pad . the adapter concept is still too bulky in practice .
i have a moto droid , so this uses the same charger ( micro usb ) , a nice convenience .
it is very important when placing the shield on the screen to use the spray and a lot of it .
the speck is a one piece design and remarkable , except for one thing .
while this is good for security , it makes it a bit more difficult to get the phone out of the case . the belt clip does not have a spring , and thus does not lie flat against the back .
either by a poor decription , or confusing pictures by amazon , i ordered this case for an iphone 4 . it is much too short .
works great in my 2002 honda accord !
the one thing i have noticed with my case is that on the bottom it has an extra flap to cover up the charging port .
i assume these are caused mostly by the distance between my phone and the headphones . the call quality is not the greatest .
stands up to its name . . . absolutely easy directions to follow . . .
just need to have a small ear for most comfortable fit .
over time the case will leave nice vertical scrapes on the back of the iphone .
watch out for battery drainage on the cell so if not using , make sure to power off the bluetooth power on to off .
buttons are few and easy to use , though the main button is a bit sensitive .
this item is very nice it is very helpful when you are replacing a sim card the iphone tray opener makes it easier to open the tray .
use this for my g1 when i want to listen to internet streams , youtube or music from my phone , through my car 's stereo system .
having had the motorolla ht850 , i liked its light weight and ease to turn on but it was never loud enough for driving .
others have noted that scuff marks on the terminals indicate that they are used .
otterbox commuter cases are very durable and great for everyone especially guys .
i also like the fact that it is charged by a micro usb cable and does n 't require any special adapters .
i found myself pocket dialing when the bluetooth headset is in my pocket .
but wait , if i have my phone in this rubber sleeve , it no longer fits in my belt holster .
i bought this battery replacement kit from bestdealsusa for my apple iphone 3g .
as one reviewer stated it does secure screen protector case has just enough over lap to secure .
read the manual as others have stated , the procedure for turning on the separate features is n 't exactly instinctive .
you can use it to pry open cases , but also it is useful for removing and replacing tiny connectors inside phones .
arrived in bulk packaging but to me that is great as it is less plastic to cut through .
we used it to watch movies , youtube , and netflix both at home and when travelling .
but , it 's designed for the palm lineup of phones .
but this case looks really nice on the phone .
i called the customer service number and its an answering machine asking for your name , order number , and detailed description of why you are calling .
traffic other loud background noise will wash out calls . . . but that 's no different than wired headsets ( or natice cell useage either ) . i have about 50 50 usage of the headset wearing it and leaving it closed in the pocket .
another reason i 'm docking a star is because this is not a matte cover .
greatly reduces the jumbling of wires that you may otherwise get with the normal 3 feet cables .
if you search for micro hdmi in the search , this mini hdmi is your top result .
i ordered a charge sync cord and wall charger for my iphone and the best price available included these screen protectors .
the result is a very poor sound quality experience .
i am a first time bluetooth user .
i 've used the plugs for keyboards , mice , hdds and thumb drives .
saves having to find a mirror like when checking teeth after a meal )
i initially bought a proporta case for my new iphone , and while it looked pretty nice , it was n 't a snug fit , and it was smooth and shallow enough that the phone could easily slip from my grasp , and not have good shock protection .
the clip does n 't is n 't that great to clip to shirt ( if you clip to chest like t shirt with no pocket ) . does n 't clip well to collar because the end control piece is too heavy or bulky around one 's neck . c .
i can slip it in my jacket pocket or zippered portfolio with ease and keep my phone charged as needed .
the ear loop is slightly spring loaded to keep the mouthpiece sensor pressing against your cheek .
automatically connects when i get to vehicle .
package came with a europe charger and a cheap plug adapter , but had the manuals and everything seemed legitimate .
i prefer this style case to the otterbox and case mate as i feel it provides ample protection without turning the phone into a brick .
it charges my phone very quickly .
both phone are locked to cingular . talked with sony ericsson support service , sony doubted it may be the problem of battery or phone and both of them . talked with wirefly , they decided to exchange .
only then will the headset battery charge properly .
every time when you turn your head , the wire stick to your skin and pull on the ear pieces .
lowepro was even smart enough to put the screw through a heavy duty plastic bar so the screw can move , making this a wrap that will fit many cameras .
i mention this because none of my other ipod cables have any kind of latching system .
and , the mini carabiner allows you to hang it easily from a zipper or whatever else you need to .
i also bought the trent limir dual purpose stylus and it is working quite well .
did not stretch long at all .
charges my smartphones , powers my usb lights and fans . but it needs improvement . it does not stop charging .
it does not have the appropriate tip for the android touchscreen .
the swivel heads allow you to put downward pressure on the screwdriver as you turn it to minimize the risk of stripping the head on delicate small screws .
first i read the reviews of both the m1100 and the 925 by plantronics .
the back is also coated in clear plastic , though it 's not as noticable .
the tabs break way too easy !
this is a very good bluetooth headset , however i recently purchased a newer plantronics as the sound quality and smartphone compatibility has changed since i bought this one .
i love how it retracts to save space .
this fits my iphone perfectly , and i already have an incipio silicon sleeve that i keep it in permanently .
most cdma carriers will get some reception while gsm is pretty much non existant . installing the booster did n 't do anything for the gsm phones , but it did help a little with the cdmas . since we use gsm at our house , this is n 't going to work for us .
the best headset with in line control and microphone under $ 4 . and it * * * * * * works on iphone ! ! * * * * * * * * * . when i bought it i did not expect anything other than open headphones , as an alternative to my 100 times as expensive in ear buds .
no clanging when i lay the items down .
truth be told , 1 of the protectors had a bubble in them so i used that one first .
even the expensive monster audio cable is lose in ipod .
i 'm really happy with this headset .
the wires next to the connectors becomes fatigued over time and they break internally .
it is a fast charger , i use it while opening waze and make calls at the same time .
it 's stylish , too , and has great reception that is , where t mobile has coverage at all .
i like this charger it lights up in the round area at the end so that you know it is connected , works well and looks good
you fold it back , and the headset turns off .
this power micro adapter is slimmer , lightweight and the cord is just the perfect length .
once inside the remaining rubber piece the volume buttons do n 't line up properly nor does the power button .
i like the headset and it has few advantages over other headsets .
these cables were bought to help free us from using the local cable service provider .
a rare home run from motorola .
not so good for active lifestyle .
the treo gets this right there is a simple , easily visible , sliding switch .
i love this case for the iphone .
ordered this to cover and protect my new sgs4 . it covers the phone , but the holes for the mics do n 't line up centered over the holes and the buttons are nearly impossible to push ( you really have to reef on them ) .
product arrived in at t ; packaging and appears to be identical to the last ifrogz we got from the at t ; store for $ 30 ! would buy this product again .
my previous car charger could not provide enough power to keep the battery from draining when using navigation .
the only two problems are that it heats a little and the end of the cord tends to brake after about a year of use .
i think is probably one of the best cases i have bought that has n 't been a skin or silicone case .
with cheap accessories like this , i have experienced that these types of accessories stop performing after certain period of usage .
i can hear really well , very clear voices .
i have a iphone 4 and my case allows the oem cable thru but this new cord is bigger than the oem one .
however , the adapter is well worth the money and works perfectly with my lg chocolate .
first , quality control let a bad connector slip through .
the 2 . 5mm headphone jack is a nuisance , as is the fact that you ca n 't charge it through usb ( but you can get a usb to phone charge cable ) . the phone is smaller and ( i think ) nicer than a blackberry .
this car charger is made very well .
i tried a 3rd party ear gel , and that holds it a bit better , but still hurts .
overall i feel my phone secured in the case .
works perfectly with my verizon galaxy nexus .
the earpiece is loud enough for use in a car at 75mph .
offers interchangeable covers , so you should be able to get a nice fit for your ear .
i made sure to pick a supplier that ships from within the u . s .
the sound quality is good for the price , but not audiophile quality .
indeed , the noise cancellation feature works very well .
was not shipped out until friday .
it has good clear sound , an easy interface , and helpful links to your contacts . the browswer feature is awesome .
i do n 't like the hard plastic ear pieces . nice .
i 've tried three bluetooth devices and the hs820 isfar superior to the rest .
pros good pairing and consistent stream .
no issues thus far with two of these . pleasant blue glow on the motorola symbol , but could be distracting while driving for some .
i purchased these because the original ear pieces from jabra were ok but left me pushing on my headset constantly trying to get it in my ear more .
this is the fifth bluetooth device i 've purchased and blows all the others away .
the shipping was about what you would expect from usps ( 4 days ) . i saw this same ifrogz case for 29 . 99 at bestbuy .
this is the best headset i have every had .
any noise in the vicinity gets equal weight with my voice .
it attaches to the actual blackberry charging device .
used it to move a usb connector to a different angle on a pcb .
some say not charging or accessory not recognized .
i 've found very high quality calls and battery life on every plantronics device i 've ever used .
i have a lenovo s10 3t which does not recognize the stylus on the multitouch screen .
i 've yet to talk to anyone who realized i was using a hands free set . i did expect more sound wise from these ear buds .
it is easy to use and works very good when wind exposure is low .
the retractable cord makes it very convenient to keep out of the way .
this is the first battery case i have had for my galaxy s4 . the s4 fits very well , is slim and does n 't add much weight to the galaxy s4 . it doubles the battery life .
a charger with folding plugs that i can easily throw into a bag or suitcase so i always have a charger .
the flashlight is decent and provides enough light to get around .
we live in the woods and could only get a roaming signal .
it really gets in the way especially if you turn the camera for a portrait shot . in practice , i found this too inconvenient to use .
original packaging and delivered exactly as promised .
glad to see someone is providing name brand batteries at a reasonable price . the batteries work as well as the original and are authentic blackberry components .
the first is that the bluetooth feature for listening to music just did n 't work well and was easily disrupted , either by moving around in relation to the source of the bluetooth broadcast or , when using my ipad or iphone , if i were using any other apps on the device . the comfort of these headphones was also poor and the behind the neck placement irritating if i were sitting .
very , very hard to distinguish between my $ 20 genuine apple usb and this $ 1 generic usb cable .
check out beach camera for the new one in bulk packaging .
since the beginning of the year the eq5 qppears to have more than doubled in price , making several other bluetooth speakers a better value at least for anyone seeking full frequencied music reproduction .
i bought this charger for my husband .
purchased this charger with no problems yet .
their video demonstration of the unit shows a lady walking through a construction zone , turning on the noise assassin feature , and you can then only hear her voice . my personal experience is nothing like that .
this tool repair kit is useful for repairs on a laptop , smartphone , eyeglasses , and anything else with very small screws .
it has provided sufficient protection and i especially like the grip ability on the sides .
thank you amazon for being on it .
the shield comes in an original zagg box , which helps remind u to immediately register your zagg product so when the life time warranty on your shield is needing to be used your eligible for obtaining the new shield sent to you in the mail .
if you listen to earbuds , then these headphones are great .
i knew this was not a genuine apple cable when i ordered it .
i ended up mounting on my desk at home ( it 's a real office furniture with cherry wood with glassy polish ) and i rest my iphone 3gs on it .
the case was great for the iphone 3 .
a hunk of aluminum shaped to hold your iphone . the bottom lip comes up and stops just short of covering screen real estate , so it 's obvious some thought went into the design . one reviewer here said it did n 't work with iphones that were using cases .
use for home office , fantastic product , good range and batterie life and call quality , would definitely buy again .
one thing i did n 't like was the lack of options on the initial sync .
offers good potection at a great price .
i wrote the original review when they were only about $ 3 , which was an awesome buy but for $ 15 , i would skip these . original review here 's your one earphone pair for listening to music and a wired cell phone headset . these earphones are cheap and sound decent with clear bass .
the users guide says for best results to replace monthly .
it does charge other usb devices but it failed to deliver the purpose of its purchase charge my iphone 4 .
when i push the main button the ear tip gets pushed into my ear which is not very pleasant . overall , this is a great headset at a good price .
this case is well constructed and also has a nice look to it .
and behind your ear at that !
on a 1400mah cell , this comes out to 700ma 1000ma for the initial charge rate on a depleted battery , but that only lasts for about 15 minutes of the charge cycle anyway .
it charges fast and the blue led light design looks neat .
for the incredibly low price ( especially compared to verizon and even ebay ) , you get two screen protectors .
i ordered this product so i could talk handsfree in the car with the air conditioner running .
i have a special standard for bluetooth devices .
get the little attachment so you can loop it over your ear .
i am a die hard treo 600 user .
immediately , i opened it up and started sliding my iphone into the case only to hear the sound of a sand particle ripping away the clear coat and paint of my iphone 3g .
i can honestly say these earphones deserve the price increase , as these are the best earphones i have ever used .
beyond that , that 's really my only gripe with the headset . after a solid four weeks of use i highly recommend this headset especially if you tend to experience pain or discomfort using inside ear mounted headsets .
the jabra extreme is more comfortable to wear than the plantronics headset i own , but sometimes voices drop out when i use the jabra and i have to ask people to repeat what they 've said . on that note , the volume buttons on the jabra are pretty small and that makes it difficult to adjust the volume while driving without taking your attention off the road .
after about 2 months of use , i have concluded that with the exception of the flip on trick , the hs820 is actually a better headset .
these are great screen protectors for the lg dare and much much cheaper than the ones verizon used to sell .
i recommend getting a boxwave anti glare screen protector to go with it .
belt clip is sturdy and strong and the holster fits and holds the phone .
it feels super cheap and did n 't provide any drop protection .
bought this to charge a spare battery i bought for my blackberry 8350 . my cell phone comes with a micro usb plug for charging and syncing .
and these are n 't charge only cables , they will both charge and connect your phone to your computer via usb .
it looks more decent than other cassette adapters i have that costs 20 $ the coiled cord is great and much less clutter .
this would be great product if it lived up to its specs . pros 1 . comfortable2 . ease of use3 . fantastic sound quality on both ends . cons 1 . battery does n 't hold a charge2 . 12v adapter seems to cook the battery . 3 . has a habit of dropping connection ( i think this common to all bt devices ) i 'm currently on my second road warrior headset .
this case is sturdy , well made , and fits my ipod touch 3g perfectly .
phone fits in well , nothing is blocked by the case .
this pen does n 't work very well at all .
this is a nice looking case , but made of cheap plastic and not well formed .
trying to run the gps navigation while charging it will still slowly drain the phone .
it will also replace a bad cable in the house if you have the little 34 ; brick 34 ; that plugs into the wall .
my husband , who uses a holster every day , also felt this holster is too bulky hard plastic .
it does n 't interfere when your texting as most cases do with the lip on the sides of the phone .
i use the headset for music and audio books but make the occasional phone call .
this pad is extremely unreliable in that it does not stick to my dash and is very poorly made .
a very good accesory for iphones , very precise in typing since it fits the small characters keyboard of your iphone
for the price it 's a good little stylus .
the slide out keypad is nice , and she is much faster at texting than her friends are already .
this bluetooth is so small and discrete yet it picks up your voice perfectly .
cord length and adapter style may vary as it seems like the seller is not consistent .
i think the former because my current phone is a 1 . 1 and the latter because i am use to the logitec . all in all a good value for the price .
if you try to simultaneously charge and use the phone . .
case came very fast and in excellent condition .
a real nice feature is the carring case .
so i bought this portable battery .
there are open slots for all the important functions .
works as advertised , and is a blackberry product ( not a knock off ) at a great price .
this works well , but is not sturdy .
received the cable today from my personal favorite amazon cell phone accessory dealer , elctromaster .
the one i ordered from wireless hub , brooklyn , ny worked immediately .
what a bargain for the priceless feeling of security it gives me .
cheap fine , does what it 's supposed to .
i received a u2 ( not u9 ) and it is only 30 or 2 . 5 feet long .
my output read 880 about the same as a wall outlet charger and this thing charges my galaxy siii in no time what so ever .
very well built and a perfect fit .
super convenient having a cable that retracts keeping it untangled and easy to stow .
you must keep the phone about 1' to the receiver .
and the location of the on off switch is annoying ( on the back ) . plus , whereas the lg 700 has 6 buttons , this has 4 , and the buttons are sorely missed for all of the needed functions of such a headset .
if you purchase you will get cracked on for looking like dj khaled ( just giving heads up .
it worked really well and everything .
the camera is great for a camera phone and takes great pictures in daylight , and even does ok in low light .
i thought 34 ; international version 34 ; meant it would fit all phones in all nations dummy , me ! i searched , again , but cannot find any that does fit the verizon version in this design .
so the universal cell phone cradle antenna serves that purpose much better .
i just called t mobile with complaints about my weak battery and told them talk time on the cell phone is 840min according to amazon 's specs for the t610 phone .
also , after a while the tip of the stylus would wear out which is not good .
the controls allow you to adjust the volume , pause , fast forward or rewind , go to the next song or the previous one .
as other reviewers have stated , this is the exact oem case that comes with the blackberry curve 8300 series .
i have used a variety of capacitive pens and this is the one i take with me everywhere ; i draw mostly with it too .
the phone alway stays in place .
no issues with these cables and iphone 4s .
i love the look of this charger first off . . .
ear pieces could be smaller , but they 're ok , stays in ears well .
at first i could n 't get it working with my iphone 3g because it has to be pushed all the way in very tightly to my car lighter power adapter .
i could hear him , but he could n 't always hear me , and occasionally his transmission had some vibrato and or muffling .
not only does it take forever to charge when not in use , but when i use the mobile hotspot feature on my palm pre plus , it drains the battery extremely fast .
it is not the product , it is the amazon and sub vendor system that creates a mess . i would avoid this product like poison !
my husband has a nexus 3 and i have a 4 . it fits perfectly and charges our phones .
apple wants $ 18 for the same cable .
do n 't waste your money on this lifetime replacement as you can get beeter protectors for a lot cheap prices .
device came attractively packaged and fully charged .
it lets you charge the earpiece while it 's in your purse and it protects the earpiece from damage when not in use . the battery has a good amount of standby time .
though the case makes the phone bulky , it also made it easy to toss around , drop off of bars , and easier to find when digging for it in a bag . but does it work ? ? yes , absolutely .
obviously motorola did not test their design in a car that had some road noise .
nice and compact and easy to store when not in use
to be honest , this may have to do with the treo more than the headset , but the two do not like each other that well . the discovery 650 without the dsp had much better audio quality , slightly lighter force on the buttons , but the same problems with eargels getting torn off in my pocket . update i called plantronics tech support and they immediately sent me out new eargels .
however , when the holster arrived , i found that the image submitted by n .
it is a sharp metal clip that really does n 't work with my shirt pockets .
it is tight for i phone .
with the otterbox , it inspires confidence .
this case is really for exposing your phone to hard core abuse .
in addition , the coiled cord is a nice touch .
i placed the phone on the charger and badabing , its charging !
in fact , it might even be better than oem .
i love the fact the you can charge two devices at onces with a compact adapter . the packaging , delivery and transaction was quick and smooth .
easy to install and easy to maintain .
i wish they had a drop in type charger like this for all my other devices .
this is probably the best car charger on the market .
even wind did n 't seem to bother the headset much .
the recommendations on antenna placement seemed really difficult to comprehend .
it appears well made and charges my sony p1i phone .
it was difficult finding a video out cable that was reasonably priced and actually worked as advertised .
happily for me , my new car allows me to put the charger inside a closed armrest storage area so i am no longer distracted by the gleaming blue m .
this case fits perfect and is durable .
overall , very good value for money .
this cover makes an old phone look and feel new .
it would be well suited for the business traveler with the onboard laser pointer and the white led .
this is a terribly awesome product in my subaru 's console .
either it is stationary or it turns eratically on its own . with the updates the phone functions a little smoother .
all buttons work and functions normally however there were several scratches and paint chipping .
this is a genuine motorola charger .
this headset is reasonable in price and provides the best hearing and talking no matter where i am .
i have prime with you guys and i have to do this 20 word thing ?
on a phone equipped to handle all four functions , it is easy to mistakenly select a function .
i could easily get 2 . 5 full charges of my iphone 5 . it was perfect for travel .
it was difficult to find a case for our droid 2 phones that was relatively small , secure and yet contained storage pocket ( s ) for credit cards , etc .
the indicator lights are useful , showing the degree of charge left .
i can finally charge my phone and use my gps app on the phone while driving .
i am typically disappointed by the sound quality of bluetooth headphones but this one is great !
it arrived a day after my ip5 did .
about the size of a pack of cigarettes but half as thick or less makes it easy enough to carry around .
i loved the way nokia designed its first mobile touchscreen phone .
also , syncing the unit is a pain , as you have to remove the skin . overall , it is fine for what it does , charging without cables .
and charging thru my macbook pro gave a drawing too much power warning . nevertheless , i am satisfied with the extra charge i get when there 's no external power outlet handy .
the multiple earpieces are also a plus .
not a big fan of the other headset that make you look like a telemarketer !
it looks and performs as an oem cable at first glance unless you are eagle eyed !
i got one as a present and it works great and fits better on my ear .
most of european and asian countries are on gsm , with exception of japan and south korea which uses its own cdma system that is incompatible with others .
it arrived fully charged and it lived up to its specifications as to talk time and standby life .
i do n 't have a lot of static with this headset , and it fits pretty well and includes different sizes of earpieces .
step 1 , remove one plastic side ( clearly labeled with step 1 ) and place the screen protector on your screen .
it 's easy to pair with any phone too .
hold charge all day so no complaints .
easy to install and has a very nice feel . .
i was able to fit my iphone 3gs into my leather case designed for the iphone even with this plastic case on .
the volume adjustment is not intuitive ; i find myself reaching for the phone to turn the volume up or down . conclusion jawbone being one of the more expensive bluetooth headsets in the market , it simply did n 't live up to its price tag .
although it has the samsung markings , it does n 't seat well with a samsung phone .
the cover works like a screen protector and keeps scratches from the screen .
based on the cnet review i assumed the 655 was different . this being my first bluetooth headset , i 'm not exactly sure what the standard is .
the addition of the laser pointer and light feature are great bonuses .
too much of a pain to use !
it was about $ 6 , but is of equal quality to that of the original apple cable .
these work okay but its really hard to get them to attach without a bunch of bubbles .
other than this , this is one great little charger .
also they would not work to charge or sync our ipads as they would never charge or connect , but they would work to charge the iphone , ipod , and that should n 't matter ! 30 pin should be 30 pin !
some padding provides additional protection from drops and bumps .
this works great with my iphone .
my simon xt was giving me the 34 ; low battery 34 ; message with 6 beeps every few hours .
the headset pairs fine and is comfortable enough , but is n 't loud enough to hear well outdoors even at top volume .
it 's a little ghetto pricey ( at around ten shipped ) for this ghetto price point phone , but you get a couple of key benefits 1 . really nice screen protector does not detract much at all from the screen 's silky smoothness , responsiveness , etc .
i get a message on the screen that says charging is not supported with this accessory with a yellow warning triangle .
while generally i charge my nexus 4 and nexus 5 wirelessly , it 's nice to have a couple of these around for usb connections , charging from a computer , or debugging ( if you 're a developer ) .
when my package arrived , there were only 2 screen protectors .
when the phone rings and the earpiece is in the case , it vibrates not like a pack of wild bees in my pocket , but kind of a gentle buzz .
first the ear hook piece broke off .
this headset worked great for a couple of months .
since it fits your ears snuggly it blocks outside sounds . great for the car .
what sells the screen protectors for me is that they come with a grid on the backing so you can easily measure and quickly cut to match the size of the lcd you 're protecting .
when a call comes in , all i have to do is tap the button on the side of the headset , and when i dial out , it automatically connects . with so many other headset choices out there , it 's hard to decide what to get .
unfortunately that is maybe 40 of what i use a bluetooth device for .
if you are using this device vertically in the stand there is a front usb slot for you to attach your flash drive without any effort .
i have n 't had great experiences regarding sound quality on bluetooth devices .
i have now started using this headset not only for socom , but also everyday with my blackberry for in car use .
this charging pod is a little docking station for your blackberry tour and is quite handy .
it rapidly charged my iphone and worked well with charging the phones of my family and friends .
i wanted to use rechargeables ( good performance and inexpensive ) and keep this in my briefcase as a backup charger . that was the theory .
buy a case , not this rubber thing .
this is the actual jawbone prime charger it works better than the one that came with my jawbone originally .
it took me 25 minutes with cleaning solvent to get that darn thing off .
so cany scratch or dent will show black on the grey case .
one person on the phone did n 't even realize i left the data center .
however , because the fit into the phone is tight , a fairly hard tug is required to disconnect the cable .
the handset lifter works great so you wo n 't have to push buttons and lift handsets and . . . . it just makes things a lot easier .
charges my battery faster and keeps it charged while using my ipad .
it also has a compact , atractive design and a cool blue light to let you know it 's charging .
i 've finally come up with a solution which was to go get some heat shrink tubing from radio shack about 3 4 inch of that shrunk around the jack of the mm 50 ip will ( i hope ) give me a lot more support .
buttons are easy to operate by feel .
with the release of the next generation of treos drmatically forcing down the price of the 650 i decided to take a chance .
it also has a microphone so you can make calls on your phone or use it as a microphone for your computer ( with a bluetooth dongle ) . pros very good quality sound .
it seems like the plastic casing is too small for the phone .
i honestly think a paper clip and rubber band would be better quality than what boxwave provides with this stylus . it 's a great stylus ; i just do n 't understand the logic of attaching junk to an otherwise excellent piece of engineering .
the sprint phone rep that activated my phone actually seemed to be quite knowledgable . the only real con is that the treo 650 hotsync cable connector is big and clunky compared to 600 . imho they made a backward step by replacing the sleek original treo connector with the tungsten design connector .
i went from download upload speeds of 100 75 to 650 250 . i have the zboost sitting right beside the laptop so i cannot speak for range .
review on original purchase i was tasked by my office manager to purchase some headsets to make our office calls easier .
kind of hard to get on belt but otherwise very nice .
there are no ear piercing highs , no earth shattering lows drowning out the signal , just competent clear reproduction of what the artist intended .
but that 'll vary by user due to ear shape . pairing with my razr was very easy .
seems to fit but phone has slid out on multiple occasions out of case .
i used to use it to power my gps and my radar detector simultaneously .
i have no complaints at all with the functionality of the charger . so , the two big drawbacks . . .
item arrived in 3 days in bulk packaging exactly like j .
it does n 't stick to the surface and thus will fall off if i open the top of the console , but it has enough tackiness to stay there otherwise .
this one is clearly the correct ( longer ) length and is great because i can use my older htc chargers ( from hero and touch diamond ) with this cable to charge my evo faster than the blackberry charger does ( the htc chargers are 1a and the blackberry one is . 7a ) .
this type of adapter was for sale at the phone store for more than $ 15 . 00 . the hands free device ear buds were even more .
ordered this headset for my blackberry 9650 . i like these much better than the bb headsets , which are always falling apart .
could use a recharcable battery . i already told other people to buy it .
i have normal size ears , not circus ears , so i 'm not just complaining for the sake of it . the gel like insert feels great but it 's the over the ear gizmo that is doing the pinching .
the sticky base part may not stand up to a lot of moving .
i use it to connect my beats by dre tours to my bravia tv so i can play call of duty without waking up the neighbors .
the people i talk to while using this earpiece ca n 't even tell i am on a bluetooth .
i am one those people who ca n 't make this earpiece fit with the included attachments .
i bought two of these cables .
look elsewhere when attempting to purchase a cable for your palm device !
the voyager pro is the next generation of that head set . i purchased this headset from plantronics the very first day it became available and they offered a free car charger with purchase .
i also contacted the seller about the tracking number and they got back to me right away .
with all the technology available , this may not be high in demand .
i would still purchase them , even though the price is high for bluetooth headphones earbuds , because they 're so small and the sound is good .
i 'd like to see plantronics come out with a brighter or larger led version , but otherwise , it works as advertised . . .
it cancels noise out just fine , and i hear very well .
just keep holding down the plus button until you hear the sound go up .
bluetooth was easy to connect to my phones .
the second i placed my phone on the charger , it signaled a charge .
it landed on the bottom corner and the case just split open .
to make it worse , it actually says battery medium in a british female voice during a call , causing me to miss words of the other party . * this cannot be disabled . * update i purchased the expensive bose devicebose bluetooth headset series 2 left earto replace this one , and while it has a worse battery life , it charges quickly and the sound quality is tremendously better .
also it has a rubber like feel to it so when you hold the case it 's not slippery which is another bonus .
i had to make my own cut outs to make it work .
i realize that all ears are different but i 've had cheap headsets that fit great because the engineers did not try to over engineer the fit process . i am sure there are other great sounding bluetooth devices in this price range that are better constructed and will provide less aggravation .
like i said in another review all mini usb 's do not work for every charger , for every cell phone . case in point i have my gps with its car charger ( usb ) . i figured that since my newer phone had a mini usb charge , this usb to mini usb adapter will work for my phone ( sanyo katana lx ) . not !
i am super picky about earbuds feeling too big or awkward and these are nice and small and tuck in my ear just perfectly .
i connected the cable to my computer and the ipod received no charge from the cable .
this device is about the same size as a smartphone but has the thickness of a deck of cards .
only by looking at the bottom do you notice the fit is n 't perfect . the bonus the samsung wireless charging adapter charges the s5 in the defender case ! this is the unit i purchased on amazon http www . amazon . com gp product b00f358avi ref oh_details_o00_s00_i00 ? ie utf8 psc ; 1so , the combination of otterbox defender samsung back cover wireless receiver samsung wireless charger , work very well together , with the slight issue of the case not fitting perfectly , but workably .
if you believe these make your phone work better then you probably find the stripes down the side of cars make them go faster too .
this gives me about one and half charges .
with the increase in wind your voice is sometimes distorted and the person at the other end gets intermittent breakup of your voice .
improved touch sensitivity over the otterbox protector as the obx a thicker plastic .
i love this headset for the money !
multiple ear gels aid in attaining a custom fit that is quite secure .
the case itself is nicer than the picture * does the job protecting the iphone * it is elegant lookingbut .
these are very comfortable , and at least for me , feels more secure than the oem earpieces that came with my bluetooth .
no scratches on the tablet and not one single broken part as i used these to slowly pry around the edge of the aluminum case to split it from its plastic underside .
i rely on it on every single trip to listen to audio through the aux cable , navigate to a poi , and also charge it while driving . however , what i do n 't like about it is that its arms easily break .
the material is of decent quality good faux leather with seams enforced by strong stitching . however , as my title suggests , it is too snug of a fit for the nokia n900 and the samsung vibrant , which it states it does ( the vibrant ) . it is fine for insertion , but the problem is when you try to take the phone out you have to really yank the phone out .
but if you are looking for the original equipment manufacturer 's charger , you really ca n 't so wrong with this item .
making a stylus that also functions as a pen is a great idea !
the other downside is i have n 't seen a car holder you can stick to your dash for holding the big ear piece when you 're not using it . the voice quality is so good for both incoming voice and outbound voice it 's a good unit to hold onto .
i put it in the dock , but the phone does not charge .
the head set works well with my sony phone .
eventually , the black scrapes off and shows white spots , but still worth the protection at this value .
however , if you are in a mall or at the check out counter , you hear the background noises better than you hear the person on the phone !
the bigger the ear lobe the easier it will stay on your ears and feel comfortable .
it did pair easily , and the voice activated controls worked well .
there are rumors that sedio is redesigning the back and will replace these for free in the future . as for the overall feel of the phone with this battery , it feels more substantial and less awkward to open , close , and type on with the slight added thickness .
i use this on an lg env3 . it works just like the stock charger .
it stays put , keeps a good grip on the phone ( even with all that extra weight ! ) , and does not jiggle !
be careful when puting the headset in the case if you press to hard you will turn you headset back on other wise it is a great little tool
these headphones work well and have quite good sound for the price .
the headset connects well with my lg vx8700 and blackberry 8830 . the earhooks can be adjusted to fit any ear and is required for use .
also you have to turn off bluetooth on the phone when you turn off the speaker phone .
it tends to take a quite a while longer to charge than a wall charger .
it works , seems to be of decent quality .
it 's not the belkin charger shown on the product page .
this is advertized as a data transfer cable and guess what it works to transfer data .
apparently , it 's a base for the voyager 510 charger ( the old , first voyager that plantronics introduced , which i owned light years ago in technology time ) . the pro fits awkwardly in it ( tight fit ) and the base does not come with a charger ( although the picture shows a cord attached to it ) . it 's just a desktop weight and the voyager pro 's charger does not fit .
other than that they do allow you to transfer data via usb . overall , these have been good adapters . . .
the last charger i had just broke and it charged my s3 very slowly .
i have a treo700wx ( sprint ) and set up was a breeze and comfort of earpiece is excellent .
getting a suction cup holder next .
the inside usable space is 2 . 75 x 2 . 25 . depth inside is just under 1 . i 've been using it for a few weeks now and there are no signs of wear or zipper issues .
it looked large in pictures , but the backlit clear window with the m logo looks so good , i do n 't mind the size .
stong winds , blowing sand etc , is going to get heard with this .
my other blutooth stereo headset is a motorola s9 and is n 't that comfortable and frankly starts to hurt quickly . cons1 . i hate the wire .
great price , oem version , and works . . . . what more could you ask for ?
going from 25 to 100 takes about 4 hours , versus about 2 with the oem charger . a couple things struck me about the charger compared to the oem model .
easy instruction of how to install the booster inside your cell phone .
nice to finally be able to use my wireless bluetooth stereo headset on any of my sound players . . update this stopped working after a year . . . the on off button is unresponsive now .
when they said hot pink they meant it !
while the charger could be used with one of my microusb cables , the cable they sent me is useless and not even worth going through the refund return process . the charger is rated at 0 . 7mah which is barely enough to charge my galaxy phone . 1a is needed for most of today 's smartphones , but this charger should be enough for a bluetooth headset .
this charger was purchased with the expectation that it would charge my phone fast .
there are two different types of earpieces that slide on so you can customize your fit .
when i brush up against anything the eargel flips out .
the unit stays on my ear reliably .
and , it actually is a quality note pad !
it worked only for two months then stopped working , well , it works on one side only , the other earphone get no sound .
i had low expectations of this headset .
it 's a solid product . my only real issue is that it 's a little difficult to get the phone in and out of the mount .
it was hard to press the power button and the volume rocker .
other than that it 's a great little replacement for the oem battery .
it does have a strange sound while it is charging kind of high pitched squeal but it does what it should and make the battery fill back up with power .
i prefer a bluetooth earbud , so this setup is perfect for me . no more dropped calls and it beats the stupid sprint airwave system by miles ! big shoutout thank you to wilson electronics for a solid product that works exactly as they claimed . 6 26 14 followupi could not work from my home office without this product .
does the job . nice quality cable . should be shorter like 3 feet instead of 6 feet .
unfortunately , it does n 't support a2dp for audio notification sounds on newer smart phones , but still great for making placing calls on any phone .
this is a really nice usb 2 . 0 hub .
this case is ok , but alittle short on quality where the belt clip is fastened to the back of the case .
it completely pays for itself considering how much apple charges its a steal ! !
i like to use holsters and carry my phone on my belt .
under one name . 7 . phone charger connection is so flimsy that in certain position it wo n 't charge .
ok product good buy for the price but the tension springs that hold it to the vent keep popping out if it is moved at all
that would make life simpler . well , the unit is solidly built , but it adds a lot of bulk and weight to the iphone .
i like the texture and it slides in and out of my pocket well .
as other people have said , the headphones are a bit too heavy on the ears .
after 1 or 2 charge cycles it dies within 5 minutes when fully charged .
also the earbud kept falling off when not in use .
and when that happens , sk has a tendency to fail to re establish the data connection when signal strength returns .
the blue led light is fancy .
i lost too many bluetooth device hang on my ear .
i 'm afraid this little speaker is simply incapable of accessing the lower regions of the frequency range . without moving too far out of this price range , the audible difference between the eq5 and eq7 is night and day when it comes to music .
the paring has to be done every time to turn the headset on .
other then that set back it works for charging and when i put the setting to debugging it 'll work ( when i tried updated to version 2 . 2 after the release was made by at t ) .
it is not that adhesive and creates bubble easily .
no need to buy new chargers for the usb micro devices , i can just use this adapter .
it 's not very snug against the phone either .
it fits my storm 2 snugly and wears quite comfortably .
it 's what bluetooth technology should be like .
in the case of this case ( hah ! ) it stretches out of shape and if you are trying to use the camera to take a pic , the little hole for the lens no longer lines up !
there are two big flaws however 1 . lack of dedicated on off button .
use it to charge all kinds of different devices using tips to match each device . perfectly regulates the juice for your particular device . now you only need one charger to charge all your devices .
by the way , pairing with the iphone is flawless it seamlessly pairs and unpairs , switching easily even between paired headsets ( or in my case a jabra speakerphone and this headset ) . the only reason i have not given in 5 stars is the * $ proprietary charging connector .
and when it 's on , the flashing blue light is very annoying in dark rooms ( e . g .
i bought these to replace my lg headset which kept dropping audio during phone calls .
particularly on the photon with its smaller keyboard , the stylus added a bit of precision .
though , from what i 've seen , the defender does not offer as much bang for the buck ( costing nearly $ 15 more than this case ) .
only problem , it is too bulky to be able to use an iphone carrying holster case with it .
i even managed to fit my iphone with the cover on it inside the armband .
i purchased red , and it is an extremely nice shade , deep and rich .
works as expected but the mangent could be a little stronger
the device showed around 11 amps constant pull , but i left it plugged in overnight while the heater ran .
this is an excellent car charger , it charges fast and has a long wire .
this is an exact oem replacement .
i 'm using a gps app that drains power like crazy and my previous car charger was a little loose and would easily loose contact .
this is a major detraction from the overall value of a hands free device .
call last very long also before it needs charging . * comfortable to wear * call quality is very cleancons * cannot charge via usb .
you can only use the included cable and adapter . so , while the product works for ipad , it does not use the standard technology , slightly limiting the usefulness of the product overall .
its way better looking than the photo .
the purpose of the headphones is to have wireless access to your music phone while doing leisurely activities , which they achieve almost flawlessly .
it 's small , easy to use ( once you get that click and hold habit ) , and does its job .
this case looks great but doesnt really offer anything in ways of protection .
i have had none of the negative issues some of the other reviews mention access through the 3g system for the internet , phone calls , email etc is speedy and consistantly works when asked to .
if you want to find just the perfect position to hold the cable it will eventually work , but who wants to hold the cable and watch their phone charge ?
but i had to return them , because they did not fit my ears . i have grown very particular about how in ear headphones fit my ears .
soft lining will not scratch screen . reversible .
it also eliminates a great deal of background noise . )
this case does not protect the phone very well and you loose most of your signal while the battery case is on .
i like the idea that i can mount it with the optional tabs and screws included if i choose to .
last night i enjoyed a delicious chicken alfredo on my phone .
the only cool thing is the blue motorola emblem lights up in the middle to indicate it 's on .
i was looking for a thin case for my iphone that offers basic protection without bulk , as i wanted it to fit in my ipocketwallet .
basically perfect except for my cons . . cons huge blinking blue light is annoying at night and invisible during the day .
keep in mind though this is basically just a simple stand for the bold it doesnt come with any extra cables or wires .
pros * sound quality is good with music and phone calls . * portability . * compact design . * holds a charge quite well . * adjustments can accommodate ear sizes . * lightweight . cons * they are not a quick draw when taking them out for use .
fits in well in my droidx !
sometimes we only have one or two bars and it boosts my iphone to full bars and 3g .
it fits so nice and snug , it 's easy to carry in my pouch .
plus who wants to carry around a brick in their pocket ?
the spray solution used for applying the shield that already has adhesive on its underside works wonders and helps make this the easiest shield to apply to your device on the market currently . . .
the loop that goes behind my head sticks straight out about an inch off the back of my head so with a high back chair i 'm always bumping the back of the headset . does not work as advertised this is supposed to connect to two devices at a time but it does n 't work with a phone and computer or two phones .
it 's about the thickness of the iphone , and just a little bit wider . i 'd recommend picking up a short usb cable i found a 3 ipod dock to usb cable that i keep with the backup charger .
great sound quality for music and puts this product to shame .
it paired easily with her env2 verizon phone .
these do the job of adapting to micro usb quite well .
spacing on other similar ones are better .
it 's also able to charge my blackberry , mifi , contour camera ( with mini adaptor ) and everything else i have tried with it . i also love the fact the botton is recessed since it keeps it from being turned on by accident .
it was rated to work fine with my power rating of ac unit but just short of a year it died . .
it works fine . i used a sim cutter to chop it down to micro sim size for use in a samsung galaxy s3 . when i first saw the card i thought the gold contact portion looked larger than shown in the picture , and i was worried the sim cutter would break the card .
i am going to ditch this and try the blueant , as i am sick of handling this bluetooth headset with kid gloves .
anyway , like i said , works great , and is very reasonably priced better than buying a 34 ; universal one 34 ; at your local department store or electronic store ; definitely better than buying it from your phone carrier .
most importantly , it works just fine connects the n8 to my pc charges it . the clip is very handy in keeping the cord tidy .
i 've got pretty much all colors of the slim fit cases .
let 's cut to the chase this inverter functions excellently . form is the only area i have to take issue , and it 's not sabrent 's fault .
that capability ends up being very handy .
then i told them that i was on my new bluetooth headset .
i could buy an adapter , but instead i decided to give it to my son for his bluetooth headset as it is a mini usb connection . it does work as described , ( though just not for anything that uses a micro connection ) and is a very reasonable price .
i swear i could n 't hear my own voice when i was talking , but the person on the other end hears me fine . the buttons are very simple , and on off answer button , and an up and down volume buttons ( total three buttons ) . the worst part is you look goofy .
you can buy a featureless , sim unrestricted phone for $ 15 $ 20 in amazon . com or online auction sites .
this charger is almost exactly as advertised . it is a micro 5pin usb connector that works for devices that have recessed ports . the only thing that threw me off is the fact that the one that i received is not a usb cable with a usb female wall adapter .
still , i am giving it 4 stars , because when it works it works very well .
i moved from an s4 with this same series case to an s5 with the case .
because i am a bargain shopper i decided to try out this basic blackimpact case for iphone .
protector seems reasonably thick and performs intended function .
it broke during shipping and i bought one of these . the button on the back that clips in is just a hair shy of being flush , the case seems just a tad too small vertically , but it stays put .
it keeps the phone from sliding when i set it down , and it 's thin enough to fit within the dlo leather holster on my belt .
when i first received this charger , i loved it .
any other scenario resulted in garbled audio .
its not bulky and fit easily .
it 's just average rating for me .
it 's amazing how many things use a ton of energy and how some use practically none .
it 's like a bad corded bluetooth .
i can heard subtle details in the songs that i did n 't know existed ; just like studio monitor headphones .
not a product i would buy again as it left bubbles all over the screen , lint free cloth was good to clean my eyeglasses
for those wanting to use it with your office phone also , the plantronics bluetooth office phone adapter is expensive ( $ 200 in office depot ) .
oh , contrary to another reviewers suggestion , it will not fit into a mint tin due to it 's width .
hard to say if that is bb or the headset .
and seems to be an authentic product with hologram .
i have a palm pre plus with at t and the one included charger was n 't enough .
the kwik tek is , as i said identical , but a good bit cheaper .
even with an otterbox commuter case , the nite ize wide is a bit too roomy for my taste . ( it probably would be perfect for the bb curve with an otterbox defender case or perhaps a bb torch with an otterbox commuter case . ) it might not seem fair to knock the product down one star , when i 'm at fault for ordering a product that was too big for my cell phone .
the instant power charger took about 2 . 5 hours to charge up fully ( out of the box ) through my laptop .
we live in a remote part of central nj and only get 3g coverage from at t ; in our home . . . which is naturally frustrating because at t ; has a pretty bad network as of late .
i can see the flashing light while i am wearing the headphones , and it is totally distracting .
i have not tried them on a glossy screen protector .
i tried five wireless blue tooth headsets ( plantronic , logitech , samsung , jabra , etc ) and none worked very well with one issue or another .
i used the tools it provided and followed the instruction video on youtube .
had to return it to the seller
when it powered on , i received this message from the bios usb device over current status detected and it shutdown after 15 seconds .
the jawbone may be better at managing noise , but it 's far more expensive .
the headset carrier is great in the car .
this is the most stable treo i have ever owned .
the aftermarket connectors are too big for the access opening .
and it seems to charge much faster than my old generic micro car charger did .
tried jostling the cable and plug around , could n 't get it to work .
it has a great lens , great software to process the pic and is sharp and adjustable .
i had to shape the thin silver plate into a taco and just clamped it onto something in my car so it would stay .
this car charger works great with my htc one and my sons droid razr hd .
that 's 7 . 5 per hour . when using waze gps the charge drops from 100 to 90 in 10 minutes . i would not recommend this charger .
i ca n 't talk with verizon customer service with this on .
this mifi was definitely worth waiting for .
ok read the wilson web site . this device basically will provide excellent cell signal to an area about the size of your office desk .
the toughest part with this headset for me was getting it working out of the box with my palm centro phone .
it was a christmas present for someone that had relied on a car charger for years .
excellent head set , i hear them and they hear me .
even though this ear piece is designed for a razor phone , the ear bud is too big , uncomfortable and it keeps falling off the ear .
just reverse the connection of the bundled usb cable such that the microusb plug is connected to the battery , and the usb plug is connected to any wall charger ( or any device that has usb connector and supplies power ) . charge time takes about 4 . 5 5 hours to recharge from 0 to 100 ( 4 led in solid blue ) . another neat feature is the laser pointer and white led .
by far , voyager 510 has the best all around performance clarity , loudness , battery standby time , pairing , static free , . . . if i have to pick one negative thing to say it would be the size .
i would not mind paying more for a well made charger with at least one common tip ( mini usb ) , 2 cables , and a good bag box to hold everything together .
it also came in a little plastic baggie it was represented as new . cannot try it as the 3 . 5mm adapter has n 't arrived from the other item in the earpiece set purchase .
the only downside is there is a slight whooshing sound in the ear piece , may or may not be caused by the phone .
i do not like the feel of rubber in my hands .
sound quality is better than the 250v . my only complaint is the eargels do not stay on the earphone securly .
all the hector cases i 've bought have had scratches parallel to the belt loops due to the inevitable jostling during handling and shipping .
for me having the headphone cables out of the picture is worth the drop in music quality .
the bottom slot is lower , presumably 1 or 1 . 5 amps . fits well in my charging socket holds tight .
the idea of the design is a sweet idea but it wears off as the paint is over the case and not under a sealant or anything .
no button from which to answer incoming calls , though .
its a armband for the iphone , i am really small so i put it around my leg .
is much safer than trying to balance a phone on your shoulder while driving .
so it charges and goes into dock mode , but does n 't seem to sit down far enough to engage the hdmi .
it comes with different types of earplugs to suit your needs .
moving the adapter fixes the issue and my phone starts charging .
it has performed extremely well in the car .
it arrived very quickly and works as expected ( i . e .
the headphones are a bit heavy to run with , but for relaxing around the house they are great .
on the bike , you will get a bit of wind noise .
the sound quality is tops both at the sending and receiving ends .
full handsfree functionality is available , but controls differ greatly for different functions and take some learning . outbound sound quality b , callers can hear me great , along with any other noises in the environment .
to turn it off you hold the power button down until the green light does a series of flashes then stops . with the game the unit works well most of the time .
i prefer the corded sets , they just seem to have a better sound quality .
it comes with two different size gels for your ear , and a spare of each so you 're totally set .
set up very easy connected to phone no problem .
have been using this headset 3 years and it works great .
this is my first set of bluetooth headphones and they work great , for the most part .
after the fourth failure , i insisted on getting a support contact at their corporate hq in illinois .
and we 're talking a fall from the kitchen counter to a tile floor .
after looking at a few options , i decided on the kensington mainly because of brand recognition and low cost . the charger itself is just a simple plug that you insert into your car 's power port .
the plastic that the case is made from is also very brittle .
works mightily fine for my ipod video .
with every thing off on the iphone ( air plane mode , screen off , etc ) , it gave a 15 charge in 2 hours .
it is my second bluetooth and the fit is great .
great as a job charger , so its good .
it 's a microusb charger , so it 'll charge not only your blackberry bold storm tour torch , but it should work for most android phones .
my concern was that it would ruin the receptacle , but so far other plugs ( belkin , sprint , sony ) still fit .
case is very well made overall .
on a samsung intercept , you 'll notice that the micro usb area on the phone is covered by what seems like a flimsy tied on piece of rubber that folds down flat when not using the plug .
good mids and highs as well .
i always buy unlocked quad band phones and have had no trouble in europe , asia , africa , s america n america .
i wanted a cheap black case for it .
this headset works great , can go about 30feet from your phone device and still hear clearly .
protects it just fine except both ends are left open a bit .
the flashlight is a nice touch but it would be nice to see a dedicated switch for the flashlight .
overall , an excellent entry into the slider phone market by samsung in a compact package .
my report card design a , flip boom works well , but not as advertised ( see below ) . buttons are few and easy to use , main button is a bit sensitive .
it even protects the keyboard with a thin layer of rubberized plastic , keeping keys free from grime and wear . pros heavy duty protection that should extend the life of your phone easy access to all ports and connections clear lens over the camera excellent belt clip holstercons lt ; lt ; tricky installation ( view video review already posted ) overall this is a fantastic bang for your buck ( literally ) purchase .
yes , the address book is different but you get used to it .
navigation 's pretty simple and easy , unless you have banana shaped fingers ? ! other benefits 8gigs micro sd card ( up to 16 ! ) , headphones , strap and stand , usb cable , charger , etc . reception 's quite well , but it 's all about the area where you live in , i assume .
i also like the additional led light and laser light .
i just wish it had a range beyond 2 feet from the booster .
best sound quality and range you can buy even better then there latest model cons are its big not iphone software app .
the wire pulled away from the port pretty easily .
no way they make it past the warranty of 1 year
if you set the clip use 2 of the 3 loops on the back of the holster the clip locks in place and will not fall off .
there is nothing rapid about this charger .
carries well in almost all my phone holsters , and looks good .
it is just a usb cable after all and not some proprietary cable .
when the jawbone battery died , i switched to a blueant it now receives the same protection as the jawbone previously did .
if i 'm not very careful when setting it up , the weight of the cord will knock the phone down .
very easy , just keep on the slider , and take out after charging , when phone call comes etc .
the charger is not mini usb which means you have to use the proprietary one ( negative imo ) . i got it for $ 3 after a rebate .
the flap cover holds quite securely with a magnet .
the voice dialing also works great .
i particularly liked the long cord ; very convenient .
pairing needs some trail but finally i can bond them .
it was like i was not on a wireless bluetooth .
the sleek design makes it easy to wear the headset for hours without notice ( you 'll forget it 's in your ear ) . i use the over the ear loop so the fit is perfect for me , but there are multiple ear bud sizes for those that want to forgo the over the ear loop attachment .
phone stays in ok but if dropped phone will pop out .
i charged my motorola speaker without any problems .
good case but i preferred the blue better .
i 've tried three of these adapters from two different suppliers and none work with a known to be functional headset .
this phone is comfortable on the ear .
the lint cloth is a bonus .
when you take a call , just take the handset off the hook and set it on your table , and then push the button on the headset to pick it up .
it 's my first bluetooth headset , but i could n 't be happier . p . s .
it works more often with this hub than with my other though . this is very small .
bad choice if you want to get them for music . bad choice if you want to use this with your sony bluetooth supporting phone ( like sony walkman series .
this thing works great and provides plenty of power for all devices .
note that the output is 1a , so it is n 't powerful enough to charge larger devices , like the third generation ipad or the kindle fire that require 2 . 1a for charging . this mobile charger is small and compact and will provide multiple charges for your usb device .
not a good quality set but it worked .
call clarity and voice recognition is good .
excellent productreally it 's same original the product same seller description , i recommended this product as one of alias apple syn cable . . .
this device at least doubles the iphone battery life .
the device is very comfortable on the ear . i 'd like the ability to press a button and use voice commands without having to touch my phone but this involves the phone and ca n 't be described as a fault of the headset .
i ordered the otterbox impact case for my iphone 3g . .
easy to remove one end to allow an extended reach . at first i did not like the underneath cord mount , but it 's utility is growing on me .
it works great in the car .
ca n 't say enough , just love this case for the galaxy4 with otterbox cover !
all in all , nice produce . . . i deducted one star for my initial setup tinkering .
the plantronics voyager 510 was a little large but i was always satisfied with the voice quality and fit on my ear .
it works great , holds lots of energy for charging , charges very fast and is very well constructed .
i know that you can get 2 port usb chargers for just a few dollars more , but i did n 't need multiple ports and preferred the mini size .
but for $ 1 , i would get this $ 1 aftermarket cable rather than spending $ 20 for genuine apple cable . overall , i think this cable is ok enough for daily use for my iphone4 .
works as it should , pretty good sound quality .
the background noise cancellation on this thing is the top of the line .
i am returning this for a different headset .
having tried many 1 and 2 amp chargers from scosche and been disappointed ( my android used to discharge using navigation and pandora ) , i decided to try this . it works ! ! ! ! phone charges with everything on !
awesome protects the phone fully and the buttons for the phone are also protected if you thinking of getting it .
i ordered these because i needed a spare ipod cord and this looks like an apple cord even though it is an off brand .
case fits tightly but is not difficule to put on or take off .
it was quite adjustable ( allowing both landscape and portrait mode and easy changing between them ) . but after only 6 months , the ball joint failed and could no longer support any weight .
it pairs with my iphone 5 and functions perfectly .
also , it is an excellent wireless headset for laptops .
so all my comments refer to usage with this phone . the good part is as a mono headset this is an excellent product .
this would definitely protect the face of the iphone if dropped
i learned my lesson . stay away and buy a genuine apple charger instead ! the adapter , however , does not charge the iphone4 . i receive 34 ; charging is not supported with this accessory 34 ; when connecting .
i did find that my newest pair of eyeglasses and the headset do n 't really fit as well .
it 's great to have some kind of hands free , wireless device .
if you want a leak proof case forcell phone or whatever , this is a good buy .
first , when the unit is operating normally , its lowest volume setting is too loud by a factor of 2 which is only good if you 're hard of hearing .
this case did not fit my iphone 3 phone .
however , i only use the shield on the screen , not the whole body of the phone .
again , no complaints on looks . one flaw is that the case does n 't cover all the chrome around the iphone .
only works one side at a time .
wow ! love the thought process that went into creating this piece of equipment . layers of protection with materials that are durable and the package still comes off pleasing to the eye . the initial layer of the hardshell box is ingenious but to also have the screen protector built in shows quality through and through .
incoming phone calls will beep and you can pause the music and answer the call just by touching a button .
i 've replaced it now with another low cost unit made by plantronics , but while i miss the sound quality of the cardo , i am disappointed by their slow support and poor quality .
in that mode , the tablet draws lots of energy and this adapter does the best job of keeping up with that current drain .
the holster is fantastic and really gives the phone the protection it needs .
the speaker volume is way down and not as clear as it should be i have a motorola speaker speakerphone that 's about a third the size of this and it works much better .
the phone fit snugly in the case and everything lined up perfectly .
thank you for updating the title to reflect that this cable is not the droid x !
was looking for an oem charger for the n4 , but could n 't find one so i went with this lg charger and it works just fine .
easy to google for benchmarks and details , as with the tilt , this is another htc qualcomm device with well documented , inferior multimedia capabilities compared to other ( samsung , lg , toshiba , apple , nokia ) devices .
i wish that the lifter had a feature that recognized when the handset was lifted by hand .
they look really good with a blue light and the cord stretches to reach your device but retract to be short the micro usb connection seems well made and fits snugly .
nice build quality and good cable length .
and listening to music in wireless with a decent sound quality , priceless ! if your music mp3 players does n 't have bluetooth capability and you want to listen to it in wireless , you can check the altec lansing 906 r backbeat headphones where a bluetooth adapter is included . sidarta tanu
fine product with a strange name .
in other words the battery did not come in retail packaging .
it is thin and only slightly adds to the bulk of the phone , and gives a little secutity buffer if your expensive new toy gets dropped .
however , the picture makes it look like a darker green than it actually is .
but blue ant gets my vote for innovation and creativity and a product that works very well and this is coming from someone who is n 't a big fan of bluetooth 's to begin with .
no usb charger , either it 's wall current only .
arrived within a week with free super saving shipping .
a couple problems with this headset , when using it with the treo 650 1 . it does not automatically connect when a call is received or initiated2 . the volume is way too lowcheck out the jabra jx10 , cardo scala , or palm treo headset there are too many great headsets out there , to settle for this onehappy shopping !
this case is made for the unlocked version of the galaxy s2 . the size is the same .
these are nice they work great for a headset for music ; however , on phone calls , people complain that they hear everything in the background .
it charges using weaker wall adaptors , but only as usb , which charges substantially slower .
griffin cases are great and so is this one .
as others have noted , they are samsung branded .
i believe this was a 700mah charger , and my 2000mah charger is doing a much better job .
and the associated power cords . first cord got sucked up into the vacuum and is longer usable .
you do need to read the instructions though . one potential annoyance the sound id 200 does not support initiating voice dialing from the sound id 200 like i can on other headsets .
also i 'm fairly certain the product image was changed because when i ordered it , a different style adapter was pictured . . .
i 'm returning this item because it uses a micro , not mini , usb connector . every accessory i have uses mini usb including my cell phone .
stand up straight while you work .
this is by far the best headset i 've used .
the adapters are so cheaply made that they do n 't attach to the pod very good .
the holster is too big for the iphone ( 3g ) and does not have a snug fit .
useful for business meeting ( laser pointer ) and the white led provides acceptable ( not too bright but okay ) illumination in absolutely darkness .
making a nice slick look but easy to scratch in the long run . the 2nd major build quality issue is the grey casing .
this keeps me from having to buy car chargers for all my devices so it saves money and space .
nice case , nice color , small area , . . .
it seems to be well made .
the build quality of the phone feels nice but it is a bit bulky and the little writing tool can easily get lost .
very pleased with this purchase , excellent sound quality when speaking and listening .
some dust will gather around the edges .
in addition , i can use the same charger now for my bluetooth headset and other devices while in the car and just slip on the adapter to charge the storm . note ; this adapter may not be good for data transfer , have not tried it for that , only for charging .
in addition to the clip , there is an additional loop that can be snapped around your belt .
but overall , if you want a simple way to carry your cell phone , the deluxe smart clip does overall do a strong job . price bconvience c overall b
also if you use the bedside mode or use you bold as alarm clock this is perfect for you .
i actually love these headphones for talking in noisy rooms .
i am not sure if the sound quality is better than a less expensive headset , but it is a great headset to use .
same goes for the headphone jack .
the headset felt pretty cool on my head .
once again , blackberry gets it right ! the blackberry switches to bedside mode when i drop it into the pod .
it worked as well as the mifi 2200 , and at 4g was faster . one thing to be aware of ( this may not apply to new subscribers ) the plan i had with verizon 2200 was a 3g plan .
i 've tried 4 different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best .
interestingly , although the charger fits very tightly into the lighter , usb cords do not fit very loosely into the slot .
i 've had people complain that they had a hard time understanding me while i 'm driving ( windows shut , stereo off ) . i think it amplifies ambient sound that will drown out voice . * music sound quality requires a bass boost .
vendor lock in for cell phones is a big problem for me , and maybe it is for you , too . this is a stylish phone that epitomizes form over function . c
it takes a little bit of pressure to get the device to respond .
sound quality is good on both ends of the line .
great price well made , very cool external charger .
also , the apple side connector is slightly looser than the oem version . better than average purchase , considering the price .
from my experience , you do not need to apply that much pressure that the metal parts touch the screen to make it work , even for sweep motions .
i like this bluetooth mainly because of the fit .
the connector end is a fraction too large so you have to sort of push hard to get it to plug into the ipad 1 , 2 , or iphone 4 . the cable also pulls easily from the modules , at both ends , exposing the internal wiring .
you do n 't want to mount your device in a hurry . the fold out legs at the bottom are a bonus and allow some extra support when you want to press buttons on the top of the device . good value for the price .
if you never mishandle or drop your iphone the elago case is perfect for you ) this elago case is the thinnest , best looking case on the market , that makes your iphone brand new all over again !
very well made . . and . . most importantly , it easily holds my iphone 3gs wrapped in an otterbox cover .
that said , there 's no great magic in making a great cable .
the sound quality of the h710 is outstanding !
this is a great stylus if you 're only going to use it for typing or navigating around your device .
thick is great for durability but makes it impossible to use with case and have no bubbles .
the magnet in the holster also turns off your screen for you to save batteries and prevent accidental button presses . i can throw my phone into my travel bag and not worry .
i never really liked stylus input on the palm anyway and again the keyboard on the sidekick is a lot better .
it now has an in line switch .
with the case on , you can only charge it and sync with a usb cable .
by adding these ( and a bluetooth adapter to the netbook ) , she has a much better sounding system now .
feb 2011 8 month heavy usage updatecontinues to work flawlessly , phone holds charge through an hour of conversations , an hour of streamed music and an hour of gps usage daily .
i bought this charger and it works great on my evo !
i have other retractable cables like this and this is one of the better ones i have used .
this is hands down the best motorola headset i 've ever seen .
to me it adds some flavor to an otherwise plain black case .
it works great for both purposes .
what do you expect from a car charger ?
this little device works fine for what it does .
it looks metal but really is cheap bendy plastic material . further , once you set it up , you can only use it on one ear .
while this product does deliver on its promise to boost the signal somewhat , it does not guarantee that you will have fewer dropped calls on the at t ; network .
uncomfortable and noise cancelling is much better with other brands .
seller did an excellent job and sent the headset right away .
it has a tiny rim around all the edges to secure it on .
often , the amperage is not specified in the listings buyer beware .
by the way , i have the original jawbone too .
i bought this to fit inside a kit that creates a storage space below my car stereo .
works great with my iphone 3g .
you can , if you want , use the 'smudge free film' that comes with the case but my kid has n 't tried that yet . once the iphone is in the case , everything can be accessed as before , the case is cut out to allow access to all ports , expose the camera lens and to show the apple logo on the back .
the 700 is truly 30 smaller as moto claims .
the hard plastic cover is very good for protecting the unit .
notice it has 3 layers to the screen protector think of it as encasing the protector
the samsung is also smaller and more comfortable to wear for extended periods ( for my ears anyways ) . at about half the purchase price , i would say the samsung is a better value than this plantronics headset .
for the price you get 3 cheap screen protectors .
the otter case is a great product and provides excellent protection for the iphone .
the ear fit was loose so the sound was n 't as filling as in ear headphones .
i like the voice commands on my phone much better for calling .
that circle shines a bright blue light , which is kind of neat , but a little distracting in the car at night .
not only do they function as anti glare films ( they are matte ) but they also make your finger slide across the screen much more easily , at least for me .
every headset i have tested fails here .
exactly what i expected , works and does it 's job made by sony and reasonably priced .
the overall layout is quite genius .
it does not slip out of your hand and the wavy design is very decorative .
this one has a knob you turn to tighten the suction cup , while the other had a lever .
overall , this is not worth getting , even at the 8 bucks . pros the earbuds stay in and have a good sealgood sound for calls and audiobooks , acceptable for musiccons microphone is not very goodthe control on the microphone does nothing , not with media player , phone calls , or anythingit is huge when you have the microphone portion attached .
looks as it does in the picture !
ie if your cell service connection quality is good it matches up when using a phone connected to the xlink .
all i can say is this is hands down the best bluetooth headset out there . . .
all of the buttons are accessible without taking the ipod touch out of the case .
best $ 5 $ 10 you will ever spend . it improves this almost perfect headset to almost perfecter ! i highly recommend this device for anyone that uses a headset because the background noise is so bad without good noise cancelling .
instead it was a generic micro usb cord .
when using the battery pack to charge my iphone , it was very fast .
i already had mini usb cables chargers galore for things like a blackberry , external hdds , a sansa clip , etc , so it 's nice to be able to use the same cables for my droid .
no more listening through the computer speakers .
sounds great , clear and enough bass for the size .
doesnt collect an excessive amount of dust .
i 've lost two eargels now and it just sits in a drawer . they should have designed a better retention mechanism on the eargel with some kind of positive release mechanism , and or have the eargel facing back when it 's in the clip in a pocket so it wo n 't get torn off . i also hated the force required on the buttons .
something to do with the magnet inside .
as of this time , charged it successfully , it works good my phone does not shut down anymore , no more drop calls .
i have n 't had to test their shock protection fortunately but all three are hard plastic cases .
a quick press ignites the laser pointer . the unit does n 't feel cheap , is moderately weighted according to appearance , and has a really nice smell to it .
i dropped it and my phone poppped out of the case causing minor scratches on the sides .
and no , it does not look cheap ; )
this why only 2 stars . the top closure flap has a very stong magnet .
the charger can out charge a phone that is in heavy use ( gps , streaming music , etc ) but barely .
i like how the openings for the buttons are emphasized so that the case comes nearly flush with the controls .
i purchased this auxiliary cable from belkin because it works with my case .
goes in and out of my holder and pocket easy enough .
this is a very nice car charger .
works w my screen protector . 10 stars .
this thin rubber case is perfect for my use .
when you press the phone button ( assuming you have an iphone with siri ) the siri bar comes up and you can make a call or do whatever you want via siri .
this cover fits well on my i phone 3 . i mainly bought it to protect the back of my phone from scratching when i put the phone down on a desk or rough surface .
this was legit oem and it works as it should .
this little pigtail is quite flexible , and does not lose connection when bent .
screen is absolutely beautiful , charging either by car jack or wall takes only minutes to get a full charge that lasts days .
the cover also partially covers up the camera lense .
i twisted the gel piece as instructed in the manual and used the small gel .
it was also in a small plastic bag so who knows where it came from .
i got this for my elago micro drive since it has a cut out for one but did n 't come with a lanyard .
these cables do not look like the primary picture .
i am in it and have access to different devices which include a google nexus one on t mobile and a verizon mi fi .
i was disappointed in the thin sound quality , the difficulty in getting a decent fit , the lack of a pause function for my podcasts and music and lastly the constant on and off performance during listening .
i bought several of these bases for charging my hacked s3 using the back of a palm pre .
the tip is very broad and so the best you can do is get a broad pen font like writing with a piece of chalk .
a quick trip to your local auto parts store and pick up a can of clear coat spray paint , about $ 2 . 00 , and give the case 2 , light coats . . let it dry and put the phone back in . . boom , all the massive protection without the anyoying pulling it out of the pocket problem .
thank you amazon , for your great return policies !
i 've used 5 different blue tooth ear buds in the last 4 years , and this beats them all .
i use this charger with my gs2 from straight talk .
it definately will not work with an otterbox case .
however , for protecting my led screen and preventing scratches on the front , this is an ideal cover that adds little weight or girth to my camera and fits into a small purse , buttpack or backpack .
when i take the case off the buttons feel dead compared to the experience with the case . what sets this case apart from many others is the button cover on the front .
the battery charging seems to give you about as much life as the iphone battery , essentially doubling the use .
they rest comfortably on the ears and , for $ 40 headphones , sound decent .
only con might be that using it vertically while tethered ( for apps like notability ) is a challenge , but it does n 't detract from this durable , comfortable stylus in the least .
and no dangling cord all over ! worth every cent and then more !
i use the oem stereo ear buds that came with the phone and enjoy every minute of every song .
so i 'm keeping the gel eartips ( not this item ) and throwing out these foam ones .
power and volume buttons do n 't provide a great tactile feedback when pressed with this case so this is why i 'll shave a star from the rating .
been connected to ac semi permanently since .
stays on fine when adjusted properly .
it was so easy to pair up with my new sidekick 3 . i did not have to do anything except charge the headset and then turn it on .
the back part that 's supposed to hover over your neck is weird fitting and looking . maybe if i had giant ears that stuck out from my head and pointed forward . . .
this allows battery conservation and less charging .
i sometimes have trouble zipping it .
the connector always broke and would fit loosely in the micro usb port on the phone .
the picture showed that the boxwave logo was on the back of the case , but mine arrived without .
purchased this to remove screws on my samsung galaxy sii but even the smallest tool in the set was too large .
this charges my mp3 player , several of my cameras , and not only android phones , but it can also charge my tracfone s390g . it multi tasks with an led flashlight ( not too bright , but does the job ) and a cat red light laser toy ( be sure you do n 't aim at the kitty 's eyes ) . one complaint and i had it with the innergie , too .
mine , an htc tilt 2 , uses a standard usb to charge and while it technically fit , it was wobbly and the back side adhesive covered up the speakerphone ( while adding bulk ) . but the worst part ?
the larger ear adaptors did better blocking ambient noise but they did not stay fixed to the phones very well , they fall off too easily .
i evenuse the itorch when on the road .
also , another selling point is the versatility in that it works with just about any phone or tablet that uses a usb charger .
one for the bedroom , one for the kitchen , one for the living room , one for the home office , one for the car , and one for work .
fits very nicely over the ear and does n 't cause the ear pain the others that fit into your ear do .
this is a great fast charger by motorola .
would n 't even know he was using a headset .
the built in light is really handy when the power goes out or for emergency lighting situations such as trying to find a key hole at night .
that 's a good thing for the power button , as it prevents accidental power ons .
without the unit i had no data connection for my droid phone .
fits great on my samsung fascinate .
the product description says that this product lends itself to easy removal of the battery and memory cards .
way too short of a cable to do pretty much anything .
i tried a number of different mounting locations on the windshield and tried using the adapter to attach it to the dash , but it would always fall off usually very quickly . now that i 've attached the suction cup to the dashboard with silicon sealant , i 'm pretty happy with this solution .
very happy with this cable it works as it should and charges all of my samsung devices .
i 've been using the headphones for a week now , and the headphones themselves work great .
i was looking for a decent holster that allowed easy access to the top of the device and still fits like it was made for the zune .
this case is well worth the cost .
now the metal belt clip shows and the worn out leather pieces are unmanageable .
in broad daylight the picture is clear .
it works flawlessly when used in that configuration .
this one does not fold up , does not fit the ear real well as it uses those foam pads which get hot and sweaty . . .
for example , when you press hold a button for fast dial , it 'll beep say , no number associated with this speed dial . but it wo n 't say how to associate it .
not all galaxy ii 's are the same .
very well made case for my iphone .
i usually go to large hook and small gel .
consequently her headset is lasting much longer than without the case .
the ones that work look just a little better built and are 97 mm versus the ones that do n 't work which are 85 mm .
it would get five stars from me for the sound quality and ease of pairing and use alone , except for one thing i ca n 't get the furshlugginer clip that holds the thing to the visor to stay in for the life of me . * every * time i pull down the speaker to recharge it , the clip slips off and goes flying .
this is a design defect in all devices that have a similar design . the earpiece is not suited for driving or walking .
the only thing the jawbone has in it 's favor is the noise cancelling .
the actual case is different from the ad picture .
these units cost much more in stores .
the delivery time was great but the quality of the item was not .
if you only want a desktop charger this is okay .
i like the small profile for this charger , but as with all the usb cable chargers i 've tried it seems to charge somewhat slowly .
they are high current so they 'll charge your smartphone quickly .
even mixing and matching the various sized ear hooks and ear inserts provided does not solve this issue completely .
my husband was looking for a case that protected the screen a little better than the plastic screen protectors because he wanted to carry it to work .
the unit never came on , could not be paired , and never worked .
my son 's cell phone battery was dying out quickly .
i also like the feel of the case .
i really needed the torx driver tools to fix broken nexus 4 back plate and this kit worked great .
this adapter is well worth it .
these case crown cases are the best buy for the iphone .
paired easily with my iphone 3gs .
it 's just the right size to hold 2 of these tiny bluetooth headsets perfectly .
this will quickly scratch the phone and has nothing to prevent plastic on plastic scratching .
nice quality , but it wo n 't work with the iphone 's otter box , so it 's useless to me .
would have given the otterbox 5 stars , except the included screen protector was rendered useless by a sticker that refused to completely come off .
even if i am streaming music via bluetooth to my car and using my phone as a gps , the charger is still able to overcome the power drain and keep the battery charging .
i do not use the hook in the back however because i found it difficult to attach . .
the little lanyard is a mystery to me not sure the purpose , but the build quality is very good and the price is certainly right compared to the cost of an additional charger .
windows recognizes everything you plug into this hub and , the usb ports are nice and tight . i will say in my opinion , for a usb 2 . 0 hub , the cyberpower cp h720 is at the top of the quality hub chart .
so i went to radio shack and got a 50' cable and put the receiver in the attic and the repeater in the basement .
when i got the voyager pro , i know i would be getting the same quality technology from plantronics and i was n 't disappointed . this headset is full in features .
the software does not have much on it , but you need it to manage your phone book on your cell phone and to make your own mp3 ring tones and upload to it .
the material was extremely cheap , and the phone did not fit with an otterbox case .
my old car charger was so darn slow !
however , i love shiny and sparkly stuff , so the bejeweledness ( i do n 't know if that 's a real word lol ) is perfect for me !
i 'm not going to use it as a data sync cable , but only as a back up charger , and it works perfectly so far .
this one works fantastic for the price .
sound quality is much better than with tiny in the ear devices . comfort and battery life is also excellent i charge mine overnight and wear it all day long . cautions extending and retracting the adjustable headband should be done with care .
it 's lightweight and feels good in the hand .
the included cables are good , but i have been using a retractable micro usb .
i am charged for the full day with this case .
very handy but , to front of the trent is made of some kind of black mirror material so it gets like smooged , burry with your hands and moisture .
it does n 't do well with handwritten notes .
the folding mic is a nice feature , and the device is easy to re align from left to right .
bought it for an android , and blackberry and it works for both . that clear circle on the tip with the m logo is clear , and lights up totally blue when plugged in , which i find very cool !
it has good quality sound and does not cut out .
i 've had this dual usb charger for a year and it works flawlessly .
if you want full protection , buy a big ugly chunk of rubber and plastic .
the silicone protectors make it difficult to get it in and out of my pockets .
after a few days of the clip popping off , and me putting it back on , the plastic that held the clip on broke .
it is a tight fit but holds the bare iphone very well .
grrr ! ) , this is a simple replacement that fits right on your keyring without adding much mass and almost no excess weight . it is nice , there is a distinct pop click snap when both opening and closing , and when replacing the cap .
there are a couple of small plastic guide tabs that are supposed to fit under the split section of the case , that i had to constantly push in to fit .
the best part of this bluetooth is the vehicle power adapter .
i tried pressing keys and waiting .
holy moly what a piece of garbage !
the plantronics 330 fits me the best and once i became accustomed to putting it on , i can do it with one hand . i wear glasses , so i have to adjust the earpiece to fit over the ear along with the arm of the glasses .
the case is tight , well designed and protects the iphone while in the case .
i am so happy i did ! prosi love the touch screen and that it does n 't dial or access apps while in my pocketvoice clarity is greatfeatures are greatit 's smallish and fits easily in my pocket .
the red light still comes on , but the phone does not receive a charge .
there is a rubber squegy that decreases the 'bubbles' and uneven application of the cover . the tactile feel still allows good sensitivity of the touch screen . a lifetime warranty is somewhat of an oxymoron , given that the phone will likely be replaced in 2 3 years by its user . this is one of the best screen protectors that i have had the chance to use .
it fits properly and came with a screen protector .
i do think for the money there should be some sort of volume mute control on the cable .
i keep it charged at all times to top off my ipad , iphone and kindle fire . the charger itself is small enough to fit in your hand , has a black matte finish with a chrome band circling it in the front .
i have tried several others including kensington and the satechi is by far more superior .
it is nearly impossible to remove the card from centro without removing the battery cover first ( what clever engineer at palm thought that would be a good idea ? ! ? ! ? definitely not a usability expert ) . so . . .
good news it looks cool and it is light weight . bad news poor fit , for my ears .
use to sell cars . i hope this case will hold up till the i phone 5 comes out . highly recommended at the new low price .
this pouch fit the droid razr m quite well .
this headset has great sound quality on both ends , and the setup and buttons are very easy to use .
fit and finish is easily as good as original .
gives me a belt clip which i prefer and kick stand ( very hard to open ) on the part that holds the phone .
as other reviewers have written , these headphones will not hold up to sweat liquid exposure .
it works very well and is able to keep the unit powered and prevent the battery from draining when gps is on and navigating .
the retractable cable is a space saver and looks cleaner while stored .
the blade folds and opens easily , and the entire unit is lightweight and compact , and takes up very little storage space .
and you know , it looks cool with the light up motorola logo . . . . . really cool . but be forewarned , it will not fast charge a galaxy note 2 . . . . . . it will charge faster than a standard usb charge . . . . . . . . but not as fast as a 2 amp charger .
it is a perfect fit for the palm pre and let 's me charge the phone from my computer .
this would be the headset to get if you want background noise to be very minimal or non existent . my only issue is that blueant only provides the firmware update software to windows users .
very clear transmission of calls both incoming and outgoing .
however , the limited length of the cables could be a problem at times .
both are great headsets and both bring safety and convenience to the cell phone world .
the phone part worked okay but the wallet part for your license or credit cards really was a little small , things did not fit well in this area .
the online directions said to close the mic , hold down the button until it turns purple and then open the mic .
have a galaxy and this charger works better than my originai charger that came in the box . charges fasterdoes n 't have an annoying habit of falling out of my phone or wall socket every time i move . longer reachbetter connection firm fit into the micro usb port . for gds sake !
one major advantage that i enjoy about this device is it 's unique ability to connect to two completely separate bluetooth phones .
the non skid bottom insures that you 're less likely to have it slide off of a desk .
i 've been buying and trying different blutetooth stereo headsets supporting the a2dp profile , in search of the perfect one .
works perfectly with my samsung galaxy ii .
it is well made , perfect fit , great price .
the nokia pad is a tad smaller than the s3 , but it sit on there much better than the palm touchstone .
though this s305 is lighter and feels nice on my head the sound quality ( bass , mid , treble ) is no way as good as my blue beat .
lack of noise cancellation makes this headset worthless in , for example , a crowded room .
all i can say is this case looks great , and fits great .
the screen protector shield that is included with this case cover does not fit the iphone 3g .
i will continue to search for a better blue tooth unit .
the eargels fit to the earpiece is fine , nice and tight , but as far as actually getting any of the sizes to comfortably fit , forget it
the contact with my ear was n 't very firm and the ambient noise that the headsets let in coupled with a relatively low volume meant that i had to press the headset to my ear to hear clearly . i have been satisfied with my plantronics 510 . the choice of 3 interchangable ear cushions , great volume , crisp output and decent range make it unbeatable .
it was a fraction of the cost of batteries that verizon sells for this phone
a very legit car charger for anything that requires a micro 5 pin usb male , works well for devices with without recessed ports ( i also have a kindle , and it works perfectly for that as well )
it came with the euro charger , but it had a small adpater that made it fit the american outlets .
the bass sounded distinct , as with the other instruments , not muddied up .
nice fit and slimmer than most other cases .
after your call , the music resumes .
you end up looking like princess leia .
its not exactly the same color as the picture , i noticed that it is a lighter green ( kinda looks like it glows in the dark ) is see thru but i actually love it because its different and the apple logo on the back of the phone is noticeable through the phone case .
cheaper ones have wiring that does n 't hold very well ( shorts out very easily ) , or the tips that plug into your phone or bluethooth headset , wear out because of the thiner metal tips ( they bend and wont hold snugly ) . this is a genuine motorola charger .
i use these wires to use on hard drives otherwise charging phones its a little slower then normal but trickle charge no complaints .
charging over usb ( for both of these units ) is a really nice feature that many other chargers are missing .
it charges and syncs just as well as a cable straight from apple .
but what 's the point of having a wired bluetooth ? ?
i have order 4 of these adapters , and they work great , i can finally use all those old motorola power adapters that i have lying around .
charges my samsung galaxy 4s while driving .
tracfone support is useless ( and generally only marginally speaks english ) . you also cannot manage the phone or minutes on line .
it also has an soft color light that glows red while charging .
so , i held on tight to this model , the 2200 . fast forward to a couple months ago when i gave the newest verizon mifi , the novatel mifi 4620l jetpack 4g mobile hotspot ( verizon wireless ) , a try .
it comes with three sizes of gel eartips that i would think would fit just about everyone .
it does n 't offer the 'bomb proof' protection of an otterbox defender , but it does n 't claim to . it 's a simple , elegant , but protective case that unless you 're james bond should suit your needs perfectly . on the other hand , 007 has always been style conscious .
as other reviewers have noted , there is no protection for the screen but i still had my belt case for my treo 650 and it fits perfectly .
might not be the coolest looking headset but it is comfortable to wear , does n 't fall off your ear , and it works !
i have had a ton of headsets , both wired and bluetooth .
kind of defeats the purpose of the clutch .
the controls are tactile and easy to use find .
this case is sleek and very cute on the 3gs .
it works fine no need for the fancier iskin models .
warning these headphones will make you look like a tech dork .
while i am speaking of the back , the back makes the phone looks awesome .
if you want good phone capabilities and email , then this is the phone for you .
plugging in and taking out is a hassle .
had to move the wire a certain way to get the wall charger to work .
the power output is lower than wall charger provided by samsung , but adequate .
the 1 inch cable in the center is pretty thick and yet still very flexible .
with these cordless headphones , that annoyance is gone , replaced by an occasional amazement at how nice it is to be cordless and how well they work .
this is very aesthetically pleasing cover , and it 's light and sturdy .
great battery for psp 3000 . more than doubles the battery life of the stock battery that the psp comes with .
it charges my kindle fire also .
lastly , this case is made from tpu , which is the best case material in my opinion .
volume ) and others find the same model unacceptable .
the elastic top allows you to use the flip functionality of your phone unlike other leather covers that prohibit your phone from closing all the way . perfect .
i have owned canal earphones before and i know what a good seal feels like ( so fit was not an issue ) . i also tried all three silicone pieces before settling on the mid sized piece . i also burned the headphones in overnight as maximo recommends , but still mediocre bass . i also tried setting the eq on my iphone to loudness , but that did not help .
oils form your skin and ear show up easily on the pristine surface .
you have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset . i would recommend this product .
i had to push and wiggle it into my ( dodge ram 1500 ) lighter outlet to get the proper connection .
speaking of the size , it fit easily in my shoulder bag and even in my sister 's purse !
the headphones sit comfortable over the ear and with a little bit of manuvering , will fit on your ears with glasses .
best of all is that the charger provides nearly a full amp ( measured 950ma on several occasions ) of charge .
so far this works every time and sounds very good .
maybe it depends on your phone i charged a nexus 4 ( with the adapters ) . and its output current is around 0 . 5a , so it will charge slowly or simply slow down your phone 's discharging if you 're playing games or something . currently at $ 6 , it works out to 283mah $ . that 's not a very good deal when you can get a 325mah $ powerbot for only two dollars more .
multimedia on the device is good .
no fun when you are trying to answer a call . plantronics provides three earpiece inserts and it 's unlikely that one of them wo n 't provide a comfortable , snug fit . overall , excellent technology marred by poor ergonomics . jerry
they are made from sufficient wire gauge and they flex so they feel more like an extension of the cable rather than a bulky adapter .
incoming callers from my address book are identified by name and voice control for placing calls is working well . the magnetic clip system makes it easy to remove for charging and storage .
it allows you limited control of the ipod functions on your iphone .
the range on this headset is truly amazing . the sound quality is amazing as well .
at just under $ 50 , the otterbox defender series cases are some of the most expensive on the market but there has been very little innovative added in recent years .
very easy to use and it feels comfortable when placed on the ear .
the case fits the 3gs perfectly with everything aligning without flaw .
the case guards against other objects damaging the phone .
the stiff goose neck allows you to place the phone just where you want it . unfortunately , the suction cup is too small and too stiff to support the weight of the phone .
it announces the caller 's number only .
works just like the name brand product .
i purchased the ear tip replacement pack , which costs about $ 10 and you get 3 ear tips 1 small , 1 medium , and 1 large .
button location is good once you get used to it . 3 ) . audio prompts as the unit is turned on and offdislikes 1 ) . short battery life .
i do n 't mind buying non apple parts , but when they are advertised as being apple oem parts , and they turn out to be cheap chinese knock offs , then i am disappointed .
beware if you get the amazon bundle with the screen protector and headphone adapter , you will be paying shipping for each of the three items .
i think this case is an excellent choice , since it is not so bulky , the color is nice , the texture on the back is good for gripping , and it extends battery life .
they work well on my droid razr maxx phone . the tips are a sort of flexible , hollow rubbery material .
just right for a bluetooth piece .
sound is tinnyb ) i use this while walking ( not running , just walking ) . the music skips for every step i takec ) the stereo headset uses a proprietary connector , so you ca n 't use any other earphonesd ) the connector doubles as an earloop .
this particular case is solid black and comes with a screen protector also . it 's easy to slip on and feels sturdy .
the price i paid for this package was good , but the cost of shipping negated the low price .
i ca n 't imagine being without these handy pens . both the sketch and the stylus are slim , easy to hold , and fun to use .
the only thing that fell off was the little yellow dot on the front but other than that it does what you need it to do .
it is just soft enough that it offers a little protection as well , but it does not 'catch' in my pocket like a silicone case would .
the 955 comes with three earpieces and can be recharged via a aaa battery , usb or with a provided electrical adapter . if you 're looking for a bluetooth set that provides clear reception beyond 10 feet ( like they claim they 're supposed to ) then i wish you luck .
excellent quality and just the right size for my iphone 4s that 's fitted with the incipio plastic protector .
i bought this charger because my daughter gave me a palm pre plus .
this is the result of the earpiece resting outside the ear rather than within the ear ( earbud style ) . the microphone is far enough from one 's mouth that it is difficult for the person with whom you are speaking to hear you . the fitting of the earpiece is also slightly uncomfortable , especially if you wear glasses , but not as bad as some others i 've tried .
very nice form factor , opening it requires only one hand and voice quality was great .
genuine motorola charger so should n 't cause your screen to wig out like other non oem charges .
this battery has an absolutely white sticker , but the sticker on the original battery had a pink line from the time i bought bb8900 from t mobile .
it adds about 3 16 of an inch to all sides of the phone .
it 's so nice to not be corded down .
i would have preferred some kind of zippered case to go with it .
it works great . the cable i received from sf planet was slightly different from the picture .
i wish they made a higher capacity battery for the palm pixi .
i attached the pouch to my mountain bike with large rubberized bands ( made for the purpose ) that stretch and wrap around the bars and have loops on the end to stretch around the phone . i unexpectedly sank and tipped over in a small stream my phone and bike became caked in mud .
i use this lighted dual plug in my truck all the time .
on the one on my cbr i ended up cutting the cig plug off and wiring the negative to my neg battery terminal and the hot to the back of my fuse box .
what this means is that instead of the ca 100 cable that has a usb connector on one end , and a nokia 2mm connector on the other , i ended up with a cable that has a micro usb connector on one end .
and no , the black case did not have the instruction sticker . i also concur that the additional heft of the case is a plus for myself and my wife .
five minutes and it 's three quarters charged from bring dead !
tried at least six different bluetooth headsets as of dec2010 . pros best audio quality from a bluetooth headset i 've ever come across ( incoming outgoing ) fits very well on either of my oddly shaped ears without any discomfort stays in place easily connects when powering on ( pairing is also easy ) range is goodcons when wearing , an almost uncomfortable amount of pressure is needed to press any button . very noticeable from a distance ( just look any picture )
the usb fits snugly into the phones port and i 've had no issue getting a good connection on my car 's power port .
i got one of these last summer when i first got a capacitive screened phone .
i 'm a great believer in spending as little as possible on glitz , bells and whistles , and generally go for performance and practicality .
it gives the phone good protection .
it is small and compact , easy to turn on and off , fits my ear wonderfully for i have small ears , great sound and easy to use .
the reliability and durability of this one is not guaranteed .
i give the headset a 4 star for not having a universal charging port such as micro or mini usb , rather it is a barrel type connector which for me has been finicky at time , but it does charge and charges quickly .
if you are looking for an inexpensive but effective way of hands free communication with your bluetooth enabled cellphone , i highly recommend this product .
for example , on my phone , if i hold the call control button a fraction too long , the call is not answered , but the prompt to enter a voice speed dial entry is actuated .
i chose the smallest because i like my earbuds deep in my ears .
the voice recognition software is the best i 've tried compared to the ones i 've tried in different phones like motorola razor , palm treo , centro which return wrong commands most of the time .
the biggest drawback ( and why i 'm looking at yet another case ) is the the flap is too big and the hole use to push up the phone is too small .
otherwise , the logitech z515 and creative d100 are worthy , if notably larger sized , speakers .
this charges my iphone 4 slower than other chargers i 've purchased , but it 's fine for a nightstand charger that is plugged in overnight .
it meets all my requirements . 1 fits 2 works good 3 price is great 4 protects my phone .
there is no way to turn the light off .
i love boxwave for all its extraordinary accessories .
i own a variety of different bluetooth devices and i 've never experienced a dis connectivity issue such as this one .
i really liked the protection this case offers , especially on the corners .
it is comically large on the phone .
incoming calls are clear and callers can hear you clearly .
the case adds very little bulk , but it is just enough that it will not fit in my belt case .
however , there is one significa n 't problem the inside leather leaves an oily residue on the phone when closed .
my cfls pull what they say they pull , as does my ac unit .
every silicone case i have tried for my iphone ( about 5 separate silicone cases by different companies ) will eventually stretch out of shape .
they work well and this set of 10 should last you a while . for what it 's worth , this is n 't an 34 ; apple ipod iphone 34 ; tool .
ds games . i ca n 't fir my bluetooth charger and bluetooth into this which sucks .
for the price on these , they work very well .
the green is a great color and makes it easy to find in my purse .
bought tool kit to do a battery upgrade on my cell phone .
also , some speakers especially those made by sprach and tanqa are not only wireless but produce more bass and at a lower price than the eq5 ( though you 'll have difficulty finding one that has the pocket sized compactness of the eq5 ) .
after i fiddled around with the instructions and the headset and phone i finally got it working .
it 's compact , fits in my purse and iseasy to get the phone in and out of .
my wallet is about the same size , and twice as thick as this particular charger pack . as a suggestion , would it be possible to include something that beeps when either the unit is fully charged , or the unit shuts off indicating the device is fully charged ?
i have been using this charge for a few months now and i am very happy with its performance . 7000mah is a pretty good amount of power in a small ( about the size of a deck of cards ) convenient travel size unit .
this unit always synchs up and works perfectly .
it works as advertised bluetooth setup was easy and painless .
all in all , this headset is a quality piece , it is small compact , easy to use and with good call quality .
apple provides a bare minimum of cabling with the iphone .
mistakes happen . however , if you need a 1 . 5m ( 65 inch ) cable as i do , this just wo n 't do . yes , the cable does work , but it is not what is described , what i ordered or what i thought i was getting .
the case itself is nicely constructed , and it is a tight fit to the s3 . the bottom slip is shallow for pushing the phone out , and as i am by no means svelte , this case is a rare use for me .
but if you are looking at using the 3 . 5mm jack on the adapter , then this is going to be useless .
upon first receiving the case , i realized the bottom half would not fit snug into the top .
poorly designed cup tension mechanism , and the holder came apart on its own .
i use my phone to stream all types of audio ( mp3 , pandora , songza , spotify , etc ) and this has been a great little device !
they paired with my blackberry torch perfectly and control it just fine .
over 2 years sitting on the shelf is a long time for any battery . for now , this cheap motorola branded bt 51 batt is . . . what it is .
hard to use and set up .
this lets me power up anything with a usb connection .
the top cover part will fold all the way around the phone so you can set it on your desk without having the cover in the way .
cable is of pretty good quality .
this cover offered great quality for low price exactly as billed .
to me this is the best thing since slice cheese .
it pairs , it connects , and it gives you a static filled connection even when holding the phone in your hand more than two feet away .
for my 34 ; installation 34 ; , i have the antenna stuck to the top of a metal file cabinet , which is working fine as a ground plane .
some ask why not a rechargeable battery and that would be nice , but i am happy that it uses aa batteries .
i bought this while ago to use my bluetooth music screaming and the fm trasimitter on my lexus .
this might account for the difference in user experience .
decent noise cancellation with no echo . inbound sound quality b , volume is improved and adequate , but could be a bit louder still for noisy environments .
i use this to charge my tomtom 920 gps receiver .
i found the b t range to be excellent .
the dlo leather holster case is strong and fits close to the hip .
i found the green onions model to be a solid competitor but the anti glare film does not seem quite as effective as the power support model .
i 've extremely happy with this headset .
great sound quality in the car .
it 's not an overlycomplicated piece of technology , so i do n 't expect a lot of 34 ; wow ! 34 ; moments . but products do n 't need the 34 ; wow 34 ; factor to impress me .
it arrived before the delivery date . .
i 'll update this review once i get the chance to try it with my beats mixr headphones ( in line control cable also have a right angle jack ) .
it fits my phone perfectly , adding no bulk at all .
also . . . the flashing blue light drives m crazy .
the sennheiser do n 't give as much isolation as the philips , but sound better .
just place it on it and your phone already charging , phone calls automatically goes on speaker .
new trent has hit the mark with this compact little battery pack .
the product was difficult to install and did not cover the corners of my phone .
it took a lot of coordination to keep the earpiece on my ear .
worked with the different eartips and got a decent seal .
construction is a little bit like cheap chinese products because the metal cover for my on off switch fell off on the first day .
however , that antenna was a little too weak to pick up signals in the deserts of california .
vendor , but the service was good .
i could flick the screen with it , although i much prefer using my finger , and typing on the virtual keypad was easier and more accurate than with a finger ( fewer errors but thank god for apple 's word correction software ! ) . the flick was slower and slightly more difficult to execute with the stylus , but it was doable .
cable is exactly what the description says .
it gets sufficiently loud and sounds good and clear .
they are great , work fantastic , and go on easily !
while the sound quality is not that great , it certainly brings a significa n 't sound boost to portable devices .
the extended battery pack is extremely easy to operate and packs quite a punch .
the only problem is we had to buy him a new car charger because the charging portal hole on the phone is too small for his previous car charger .
it gives the phone style and i enjoyed it .
i just got this and really like it , but will not load my iphone phone book and support on blue ant sucks .
at the suggested retail price , i would never have made this purchase , but because it was a reasonable gold box offer , i leapt toward my first bluetooth earpiece .
i decided to watch installation on a video on the otterbox site . one of the main issues with this holder that has nagged many a user is the oily bubbles ( for lack of a better word ) that appear on the screen between the case and the iphone .
the exposed portions on the top of the phone do concern me and i have to remind myself not to place the phone in the same pocket as keys or loose change .
you just have to buy a male male audio chord and plug that into the htc headphone jack wire that comes with your phone .
nothing but a load of bollocks .
it did come in just a plastic bag instead of standard shelf type packaging which made me wonder if it was new or not .
very sturdy and durable , it charges my phone at a decent rate ( i have the galexy 3 ) . great for android phones as well ; it doesnt break easily ( metal piece that goes into the phone )
i have been using bluetooth stereo headphones for awhile ( few ear bud sony ones ) . this one is pretty decent .
credit card readers ( most do n 't fit my phone while it has a case on ) , and i made sure it was a four pole connector .
use it with any gsm carrier worldwide .
i chose the black version and now i 'm so happy to obtain great features with ovi sync and professional email program of profimail , try it you 're gonna love it ! !
the sound quality is good for everyday listening .
as others have pointed out , this headset produces rather low volumes , unless the volume is cranked all of the way up .
pros loved it work just fine ! ! cool blue light feature when you plug it into the lighter ! ! can plug in two things at one time . . . . con top clear piece came off easily overtime ( i just put clear tape around the top ) total pros 95 cons 5
a for the first option for my s4 with hyperion extended battery and cover .
so i purchased this inexpensive cable to charge my phone during the day .
just purchased this and it fits perfectly .
if you need a reliable charger , do not purchase this product . if you need a car charger for your samsung s2 , i would recommend the motorola vehicle power adapter .
the access ports are all a good size .
i think the placement of the microphone hole on the newer version may have some impact on that , as it is away from your face more on the newer version , compared with being on the actual flip open boom piece that rests on your cheek .
it works great and had no trouble charging both of our phones also works with my ipod touch 3rd gen too !
pros holds iphone 3gs well ( can even have a small silicone case on the phone and it will still fit ) . good clip and great protection . cons it is not leather .
it comes with a pre installation screen cleaner and easy to grasp tabs to keep your protector fingerprint free . then to top it off , it 's lasted longer than any of the others !
came in good condition , also was in good working order .
i like that you can place photos with contacts for caller id that are viewed on the internal screen .
i am trying the 925 because of the high overall amazon rating . easy fit and extremely comfortable .
does the job . i prefer my tiny nokia ca 100 usb charger though and use it the most . works nice with my nokia n95 3 phone and nokia 800 internet tablet .
case arrived quickly and just as described .
the earplug does give you a sense of being underwater , the way it blocks your whole ear canal .
i have to give motorola credit for the entire razr lineup , because it is definitely the coolest phone i 've ever seen .
for a pack of 10 , they are quite affordable .
the itorch and cables fit nicely in the felt pouch . in conclusion , the itorch is an excellent addition to anyone 's inventory that can use an external battery .
arrived quickly despite where it was shipped from .
i really like how it seperates the volume up and down buttons as well as the power button .
the picture does this little guy no justice .
the blackberry units are nice however i still find the sidekick more cool , easier to use and it has better instant messaging capabilities . my only slight complaint is that the sidekick 2 does not have a replaceble battery .
it is very difficult to find a bluetooth headset that will work well with the palm treo .
has a credit id slots and a money slot love that so i do n 't have to carry a purse .
matches the interior lighting of my infiniti well .
the fabric this case is constructed from wipes clean with a damp cloth .
i bought this exact charger years ago when motorola first went to the micro usb type charger , this is identical to the oem charger i bought years ago for 3 times the cost .
these are good quality screen protectors that add a sleek look to your iphone .
i 'm sure it 's happened to others too ) 4 low battery voice statuscons 1 the volume is lower than stl2 does n 't secure on to the bracket with magnet very well .
made by motorola , it 's just a standard micro usb charger should work with any phone ( or device ) that charges from a micro usb port . it 's well made , extremely high quality and the soft blue light is plenty of eye candy for those who are looking for more than function . why buy a cheap no name cla when the motorola one is so affordable ?
it was very difficult to get the air bubbles out .
it felt so nice and slips on and off easily .
this product is meant to be mistaken for an inductive charging system and has 3 major problems 1 . the box says it charges up to 4 devices well , two iphones would just barely fit on it . . .
just like the original apple charger .
i highly recommend this headset for ease of use , excellent quality of sound and the three compact charging options included in the package .
i find the that callpod chargepod adaptor for the ipod and iphone fits in my ipod a little bit tighter than the charger that came with the ipod . . . maybe a little too tight .
seems to be the most proper vertical flip alternative for those of us who do not like hard cases or horizontal opening ones .
i was able to run sprint live tv while running wifi , bluetooth and gps tracking for almost the whole day .
the headset works pretty well with my treo 755p .
this product , like the original screen protector , covers more than the screen , it slightly overlaps the body of the blackberry .
the noise reduction is top notch as well . i definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a bt headset with a boom microphone , great noise reduction , a clear signal , and long battery life .
not mine with regular mini usb .
they meet the criteria of low cost , but they usually fail on the important task of working 34 ; every time .
the itorch imp52d is about 2 times the width of an iphone 4s and about 1 2 inch short .
i have not driven over 85 mph , but no problems to that speed and sustained use at 80 mph .
i have had this phone for 2 months now . first , the goodsize , call quality , user interface , volume , virgin pricing plans , web extras . it is very thin and can be stuck in any pocket without making it look like you just shoplifted half the store .
like so many other reviewers , i had this think outside stowaway collecting dust as i had bought it for an older phone .
perfect for my nokia phone and headset .
this is my second one and i actually took off the vent connectors and attached it with double sided tape .
i will not order from oem again .
the metal tip of the plug is longer and thinner than most plugs , allowing the plug to reach all the way into charging port , even if you have a protective cover on your phone . plug does not fall out of phone , even when phone is sitting in a vertical docking station , and the roads are bumpy .
i tried this headset with a samsung upstage and a nokia n75 . . . . before this headset only used two kind of motorolla headset . nokia is louder !
nice , looks with good durable quality price wise as well .
the little rubber ear tips are flimsy and keep breaking .
i can hear so much better with the jabra than the expensive motorola headset i had that was always falling off my ear .
very simply , this product does not work .
i disliked wired systems because i found the tangling of the wires annoying .
the speaker volume for the headset is pathetically low at it 's highest setting if you 're hard of hearing you wo n 't be happy with this . on the good side , it cancels out background noise wonderfully .
the kit does not include the micro usb cable or the ac adapter these come with your phone .
the user controls permit the user to easily control the headset with minimal distraction and time .
it glides over the tablet surface far better and smoother than rubber , wo n 't tear like rubber does , does n 't skip and jump like rubber , and just plain feels good when writing . the downside , though . . . the fabric does tend to fuzz out . a quick application of heat ( from a match or lighter ) takes care of any loose strands to keep the tip looking neat and orderly .
the response is very well balanced without the bloated bass or distant mids of many others .
i have a hard time finding headsets that work .
very little sound , even at the louder volumes , escapes from the ear buds , making it perfect for listening to music at school , the library , or other quiet places .
i was really , really frustrated with my phone and bluetooth earpieces dying on me with no access to a power source .
also the snap on holster does not hold the phone if you are wearing a jacket .
i 'd like to also note that you can charge this head set while using it .
has a well lit end that you can see in the car .
phone is very sensitive , turns ons camara and other stuff while opening , closing or just resting in the case , draining the battery and even blocking the screen completely . answering a call needs a double action .
an official blackberry product works in the blackberry curve and the external charger as well .
wireless headphones need to be able to work for at least 8 hours to be useful .
however , the batteries arrived fully charged , so the scuff marks could be due to the charger .
still in my car 's cigarette lighter and has n 't skipped a beat .
i realize that that 's not the case with every phone or every user but for me , duracell mygrid works and works well .
i could wear the plantronics bluetooth for hours ; this one is agony after a few minutes . 2 . the on off button is located underneath the flexible skin of the unit .
the pad will hold one item comfortably , such as a cell phone .
this headset does the trick . take the time to adjust .
whenever i buy a home phone system , i make sure it has a headphone jack for my plantronics headsets .
i get too many complaints about bluetooth devices and noise so i opted for the wired method .
the leather came off at the tip of the beltclip , so i have to buy another one . . . . but hey i could have bought 6 of these for what i paid for the oem mophie case that turned out to be a piece of junk
plus the case slides in and out very easy and allows you to use either a usb plus or the apple connector to sync the iphone .
i tried all combinations of earpiece hangar without success .
unfortunately it did not fit my nexus 4 with the oem bumper on it .
charges the iphone ipod perfectly .
i like the power of this charger .
the construction is decent , the braided cord reduces tangles somewhat and the metal earpieces feel solid .
great case , great color , it protects my iphone very well and looks wonderful .
provides good view of screen , not too dark .
i wondered why they included two film sets and i think it 's because step three is difficult and you might need a second film set to apply it properly .
i had that i have to have an extender to use the ear buds i want to use with my lifeproof case , however this is a good extender and i can use any ear buds i want with it .
crystal clarity while listening even in windy conditions .
nice big blue light to let you know it 's plugged in .
overall , its a good set of headphones .
still works but is connected only by the wire .
my factory cord charges 2 1 2 times faster .
i find the h7xx series are easier to carry in the pocket as it folds nicely .
we recommend against buying phones with this data email service in our organization . when we configure our imap server option for the motorola q phone owned by one of our executives , the verizon system is spoofing the email address as if the messages are being sent from our email server .
the way in which the two lights come on should be reversed .
i have n 't quite figured out how to answer the calls because when i hit the button on he headphones my phone freezes up .
it just a usb chord for your phone .
i have one of these filled with charging cables ( both dock and lightning ) for iphones and ipads , car chargers , wall chargers and everything needed to power our mobile devices while traveling . . .
this stylus has been an excellent replacement to the bow wave and i honestly wish that i would have purchased this stylus first versus wasting my time on the box wave stylus .
it is made by blackberry and works perfectly .
loud , crystal clear sound both ways .
i use simple mobile , its cheaper and faster .
i have no trouble hitting the volume or sleep buttons , even when it 's in my pocket . finish5 out of 5 the choice of material is perfect .
i also have a virgin mobile mi fi internet data card and it helped to increase my service from either no bar or 1 bar or service to 2 to 3 bars or service .
i do wish there was a clip on holster option like the seidio iphone cases have , but there is not as far as i can tell .
i 've only had it for 1 week and so far so good i always enjoyed functions such as speaker phone , voice dialing and voice memos , now i get the blue tooth and a much better redesigned key pad along with video clip capabilities .
given that i keep my phone in my shirt pocket , the distance from the phone to the headphones is less than 2 feet , yet the connection fails .
the ear gel that came with the headset held it in place pretty well but it certainly did n 't feel rock solid .
the fit and materials were ok , but some of the holes were cut so poorly as to look like someone did them with a pocket knife , and there was a strip of silicone down one seam , like the mold was n 't properly formed .
this iphone case arrived better then the photos showed .
it works pretty well for me , so i am giving it 4 stars . i have to be a little nit picky , but i actually would have preferred a 34 ; left 34 ; angle connector the right angle works for me , but a connector pointed in the other direction would have worked even better .
it is great protection for my phone . the hole for the headphone jack is a bit small if you 're planning to usethe bigger kind of headphone jacks but its ok for the regular hands freeheadset .
i had owned an otterbox case before and i really liked it .
i have been very happy with this headset .
and , the fit was pretty comfy behind the ear .
i like this earpiece it is a pretty shade of pink pairs easy and works really well .
this case is the best one i have found for the iphone 3g with a case on the phone .
could barely be heard when using this bluetooth device and not easy to hear who i called .
however , the mirrored surface makes the display on your phone dark at best and invisible in bright light .
both ends of the splitter cable were loose when i connected my headphones and did not stay in very well on their own .
boxwave is a bit more expensive than most but they deliver quality stuff .
the belt clip starts to detach from the rest of the case .
which means that packaging is less than impressive . ( vibe cellular vendor ) works and looks just like the original , and hence it 's touchstone compatible . i tried one knock off charger , and it would randomly not charge .
so , not a problem . 2 . some reviewers have mentioned , difficulty in positioning on ear due to flexibility .
or if your phone company does n 't support pulse dialing . cons poor quality .
on a side note , there are two belt holster options .
i went to otterbox ( like it says to do ) and clicked on the e71 complete blank !
i could see that the hf2 would be handy to have as the only earphone headset earbud for road warriors or someone that wants to get one good set of earbuds to use on an iphone , ipod , touch , or other mp3 players and cell phones .
one thing to note the case has a small kind of shape embossed on the front right corner , which is not pictured .
great price , came quickly , but the piece in the middle kept falling apart till i ended up pitching it in the trash ; (
i bought this to fit in the lifeproof case without having to screw in that stupid adapter everytime .
except for couple scuffs on the writings . . . . there is absolutely no difference in the quality and performance of this high end bluetooth unit !
it 's been through the ringer in my truck and still works wonderfully .
it feels nice and sturdy and i have it plugged into a socket hidden inside my center console so the light does n 't bother me .
i use headsets to communicate while driving , often at interstate speeds , and this headset is difficult to hear and for my customers to hear me on .
also be aware of the power rating do n 't try to use an electric tire pump .
i am not sure if its the cable i got or not but i will stick to the non retractable cable .
some screen protectors are thicker than others , and some are thin as saran wrap and suffer from air bubbles . my review i ordered the screen protector from the vendor sf planet .
it even makes calls ; ) the camera takes a very nice picture and video , and the large display shows it very clearly .
after days of pushing ear piece back into my ear canal and hoping the loop would give a bit .
this does n 't work for sitting in a chair or reading propped up in bed the headphones are jammed forward by the loop or levered up , depending on how the loop hits the chair or bedframe and pillow .
the problem is this to have the volume up loud enough to hear anyone caused my outgoing voice to be so loud that it made my speech sound slurred .
these work very well if you use extreme prejudice in dust removal prior to installation .
if you want to go hands free without going the bluetooth route , get this headset .
finally the two top layers are quick flimsy . . . i bought an idapt i4 charger as a replacement i wanted something sleek and modern looking and have been thrilled with its performance and ease .
i know it will protect from usual wear and tear , thus keeping the resale value higher .
i have been a satisfied virgin mobile ( vm ) customer for several years , happily using an audiovox 8500 . vm uses the sprint cellular network which has a strong signal in my area . lets talk about the slice which is made by utstarcom .
i used it to attach to my house phone wiring even though i do n 't have a land line .
third headset , none of the chargers are interchangeable , so i always get the ac charger , but have to buy the car chargerb ) for iphone , this works only for the phone .
it would not work with two iphones .
another issue is the cramped key pad . this cell phone reminds me of a pretty girl with the voice of cartoon character .
turn the knob ( which has nice ratcheting feel ) all the way to the left ( counter clockwise ) to prepare for mounting . now find that sweet spot for your phone .
does keep the earpiece from hitting the ground .
it is a great charger and it lights up which is a nice visual touch while you 're driving and it lights up .
the screen protector was very easy to install .
it 's the black item on the right .
for example , if you have a 95 charge , and are using 3g , gps satellite location , and google maps , your charge will slowly sink toward about 80 , as those features drain the battery rapidly . the battery charge is likely to stabilize in the 80 range , and will begin to go up when 3g , the gps satellite locator , and google maps are turned off .
first , this does create a rather odd looking mismatched pair of ears !
it is as good or better than the quality from the handset .
the proprietary charging system is a distractor as well .
plus i like the nifty blue logo when it 's plugged in .
my wife has a very small bluetooth headset and tends to misplace it often .
the product i wanted had a ball point end .
i assume too that it will be dated in a few years as it is twice as thick as i would have wanted it to be . lastly , if anything looked like a button it is the chromey little m button next to the larger oval do all button with the ambiguous 1950 's receiver symbol . . .
first of all , i really like these headphones .
the next upgrade on firmware from apple my yield better results . with my iphone 3g bluetooth stereo with this headset is a definite no .
neither cord fits well not the usb side , or the apple side .
very bulky , i have since replaced this with a 4 pot model that is less bulky .
please note that you can get this same antenna as 50 ohm or 75 ohm .
i had already purchased themotorola motorokr s9 bluetooth stereo headphones , but those did n 't work well when laying down , and they did n 't do so great with blocking outside noises .
it is so bright , i 've put a piece of masking tape over it .
i am not a fan of cases that cover any amount of the front of the phone .
and it does grip the vents tightly .
it wo n 't work with my phone .
it charges very fast and is genuine motorola brand .
i bought this battery pack because i routinely run the battery on my iphone down below 20 . i did not want to buy a battery in a case solution such as the mophie juicepack because i have read many reviews that point to the fact that these battery case solutions can significa n 'tly dampen the phone 's ability to receive signal .
thankfully it easily changes to fit the other ear . so far the talk time and stand by time have been really good .
the electronics in the device are dying .
this is a very tough and well built case highly recommended .
it went together well and it looks adorable , great price too !
it does come with additional arm piece so you can increase the total tilt angle , it also makes it a couple inches taller longer off the base so it sticks out too much .
a good inexpensive cable that works like the original .
because the boxwave ever touch has a magnet in it , it also has a bit of weight to it that is nice in the hand for balance .
the texture material of it made it so rough to slip into your jean pockets .
it 's not required , but it will prevent unwanted use if you happen to lose your phone . the worldwide emergency number is 112 . works just like 911 in the states . you have to go to special sim activations site ( amazon wont let me post the actual url ) to activate the sim card .
the package includes a lot of accessories , and they are all well packaged . the headset is very comfortable and includes a variety of ear hooks and ear pads .
i used to be a motorola bluetooth fan , but lately i 've been buying and recommending plantronics to everyone i know .
this phone is not made by motorola per se but by their asian partner , maybe that explains the quot ; girlish quot ; styling , but it 's still pretty cool .
the camera is also capable of producing video recording which can then be played back in the media center , though resolution is quite low .
other than that small problem , this is a great bt headdest .
this is pretty much the best car charger on the market !
they have good length , stylish magnets that keep the ear buds together , and produce loud , clear , and detailed sounds that you would expect from $ 40 earphones .
motorola managed to incorporate a great pair of speaker phones .
she had her phone for two years without any problems , and then within three days her screen shatters . it could be a coincidence the ifrogs luxe case works perfectly as inexpensive way to protect your iphone .
it even works well in noisy casinos ; ) .
the camera and speaker looks off center because of those cut outs .
perhaps its not materlally better than a bent , heavy duty paper clip , but it is virtually free , and it is perfectly shaped to pop out your sim
it was a pretty color screen though . . .
total power out seems to be about 800ma split between the two usb ports . other than being weak in the power department , the unit appears to be well constructed , it does fit 2 usb cords comfortably , and has a charge indicator light so you know when its in use .
i can see part of the actual phone through the case while the sunlight makes mostly the edges of the case glisten .
the blackberry curve 8310 from at t has served us very well .
i plugged the cable into the desktop unit , attached the antenna and plugged it in . bam !
was much cheaper than getting this battery from my security company .
not a big deal but wish the cord was a little longer to reach back seat .
once installed in the vehicle , just turn on the ikross unit and pairing occurs automatically .
i purchased this bluetooth and it would not charge .
it fits snug and is not bulky .
it has much better sound quality , plus i like the sliding on off switch .
it is good for precise tapping and yet will also flick and drag smoothly and effectively . seriously , it works better than this stylus .
it was a great value considering how much they cost in stores .
these fit really great on an iphone 3g and they were very easy to apply .
it comes with an adapter to make it fit into accessories with the case on , which is not pictured , but is very nice . 4 ) after 6 months it has about 4 cracks along the edge of the case where it meets the iphone .
does n 't fit that well in the ear , and the packaging aliph calls a feature is too much plastic , boxes , and bs you do n 't need .
it 's very hard to get it on my belt .
i do n 't use the factory iphone headphones with the built in microphone , so i ca n 't comment on whether or not that aspect works .
i was expecting some cheap cables but wow , these look and feel exactly like the oem apple usb cables ( minus the apple logo ) . there is imprinting on the cable which reads designed by apple in california assembled in china . who knows , maybe these are made at the same factory .
quality product at a good price .
it is the easiest hoster or pouch to put on my belt .
a credit card did n 't even slide all the way down into the case .
i love the design and size of the device .
it becomes painful to wear after prolonged use .
perhaps optional sizes or design of ear buds would help . * the controls get in the way when trying to re adjust the earpiece to my ear . overall i am pleased with the device .
this blackberry wall charger is the best i have found for charging a vast array of cellphones and droids including both the original droid , the droid 4 and the xoom tablet ( now xyborg ) . some reviewers state the lower 700 ma charge takes longer to recharge the device .
also , the replacement 's fit is about the same .
i can generally get at least 3 days of standby time or about 6 7 hours of steady use . the acoustics are much better than my previous plantronic headset , probably because this one sets flush against my face .
i could not hear the voice prompts from my motorola k1m through the speaker .
onesome told me to try a t moblle sim card , well it worked .
i 'd hoped this would fit my iphone with an invisible shield ( plastic film ) on it , but it does n 't really work the way i hope .
by just removing the metal clip and the fabric it is attached to ( the d ring will be removed to ) , but leaving the back fabric band alone , the case pouch can still be worn horizontal on a belt if so desired ( belt looped through the back fabric band ) .
i can hear very well with this bluetooth .
note that the cord that came with the phone plugs in smoothly and securely .
one feature i like is that the phone will display an icon when this headset is connected that will show you the battery and volume levels .
it even has a more illuminating status indicator to tell you if its charging working or not .
it 's about 3' long and works well with my galaxy nexus .
this cable does exactly as advertised .
the ability to open the phone with the case still on is what makes this a really good case .
seating this device so it touches your cheek is critical to making the noise cancellation work effectively . the answer power button covers much of the face of the device .
the sound quality is great ; the included ear buds are of great quality .
be aware that a wall transformer is not included in the package your existing apple mini cube transformer or other usb power source will do the trick .
i also like how it rests on my ear .
wo n 't chargethe other just fell apart the rubber its made out of wo n 't last wires exposed brokeni bought a wired head set for 2 dollarsgiving 2 stars because plantronics replaced both headsets .
i highly recommend this model , great headset for the price .
i 've seen several people that had the snug , rubber type case for their iphone .
the directions say the light will go green when fully charge and blue for other reasons .
you therefor have to pull out the earbuds a bit when talking on the phone . while these do sound pretty good for music , i regret my purchase and wish i had just bought some better audiophile earbuds without the mic instead .
that 's not something most people need , but if you do know that it works the call quality is fine . you have to dial a few extra digits to make calls on the land line phone ( 1 123 555 1212 ) caller id info is passed to land line phone normal bluetooth limitaions between cell fusion and cell phone such a the distance between the two devices
i ordered this item as i already had 5 of the motorola mini usb to micro usb that were working well from an earlier order with another company .
i first tried acimo shell holster , but it was awful the foam case was too soft , and it was hard to remove the phone from the holster .
case fits on the iphone snugly , is easy to put on and take off .
i ordered the blackout and the airwave ( also by boxwave ) because i could not decide which one i wanted .
i have compared it against several high quality meters at work , and the 4460 is always off , but often by a different direction or a different amount . i miss the display in amps the older model had .
bought this pin from amazon third party marketplace seller crazy store for fifty five cents .
i purchased these for my laptop which has a defective headphone jack for use with my ipod 's bluetooth adapter ( wrevo a100 ) . after a software update to my laptop 's adapter i could not be happier with the purchase .
connects to my motorola s705 , and lets me hear my xm and other music and gps in great sterio quality
i bought this to use it with my ipad as i have purchased several apps including one hand writing recognition app .
i can charge my phone , and use the pass through to listen to mp3s playing from my phone on the car stereo . my only complain is the bright green led that is on the end of the charger ( to show that it 's plugged in ) . at night , this led lights up the car 's cabin and since my power is on the console , it shines directly in my eyes .
bought it for a friend and she loves it on her tf300 . it is very good for swiping in games , not so accurate as the note stylus but good for a non wacom screen .
like the light that shows its charging .
the battery pack only lost 1 green dot .
not all car chargers will keep up .
slim edge will pry the edges of the case apart and the size is big enough to hold on to .
while the sound quality does n 't compare to mygrado igrado headphones , for bluetooth headphones at this price , it 's good enough for casual listening and has exceeded my expectations .
there are several sizes and configurations to meet various needs .
using it with my blacberry 8310 , it works fine , full sterio since the bb handles that .
i have been told that sound quality of the mic is equally good by those talking to me .
our 14 year old grand son immediately latched onto the poholne .
the fact that the mike boom also acts as an on off switch is great , as it tends to conserve battery life .
also , the cord is very hard to get into the port and out of the port .
more subtle with much of it behind the ear , definitely not as goofy looking as the star trek look devices with bright led 's and ear hardware . ( i think there should be a law that if you wear one of those , you have to wear two , thus identifying yourself as a hopeless techno geek . )
easy to set up and fill the roomin mere seconds . pros comes with batteries , wall plugships with three foot stereo plug for direct connectionbig bass sound30 foot rangemultiple devices may connect ( only one at a time for use ) ( iphone , ipad , macbook pro paired . ) cons none noted . for the price and the sound , well worth it !
one caution when you install , be careful when you insert the grasping fingers into your air vent .
except siri does have issues with or without handsfree .
its better than your laptop speakers and better than the iphone 's built in speakers .
clear audio connection which is very compact in size .
the pen also needs to be completely flat on the iphone screen in order to work at all .
it lights up blue when it 's charging , and it 's a super rapid charge .
it is wonderful to change my faceplates by myself .
you can tell by the other reviews that this headset works and pairs easily with most phones .
the shield looked as if it was rejected by zagg for imperfections .
fast service and they work great .
they also store nicely with this and the little clip comes in handy for me when storing , i use it in my backpack with the key holder piece that the backpack has .
works great for my droid x charges faster then house charger and works for my husbands samsung prevail i would recommend this product
had these headphones for a year and then static started coming out of the left ear piece .
to take the sim card out of the iphone .
it works with all my other equipment also .
i believe a mic with a boom would be far better .
the center motorola symbol glows blue so you know when you have it powered up .
on the device itself has labeled by the usb port for which device it charges .
the side is designed to look a lot like the iphone which also ads to the aesthetics .
sound quality is clear for both parties ( recipients occasionally complained of a pinging noise with the jabra ) and the noise reduction actually works to eliminate wind noise .
very easy to use and with the mic featuring the earphone , the price is totally worth it .
while not a full 1000ma charger ( i think it 's 700 ) it works well and charges most phones quickly even while in use .
it stays put on a slippery surface , yet goes in and out of the pocket without too much trouble .
despite the con , i still give it a 5 star rating . pros charges two devices , light , portablecons cannot be charged while charging other devices
many of the replacement batteries do not measure up to the performance of the original batteries .
these do not work in my zte warp or my samsung preval .
loved the blue glow it put off . it says rapid rate charger , and i believe it .
perfect weight , size and love this type of tip .
the re charge time seems fast and it holds the charge when stored , so it really does work as advertised .
this is an extremely expensive outlay . other design drawbacks although the charging pad looks awesome , you need to have a big plastic sticker on attached to the back of your phone .
it make holding the iphone feel secure and comfortable .
huge design flaw in the car pinches all other traditional round cords , and has destroyed a couple .
this way you can turn down the volume a bit and the sound is clearer . 2 ) tinker with the volume on your phone and the headset .
when i buy something , i want it to look good , feel good , smell good and perform well .
the microphone seemed to be fine . the ear pieces are unfortunately attached to the head band via thin plastic .
ya get what ya pay for , right ?
sound quality is good , some people say i sound far away , i 'm experimenting with the gain on the ipaq , we 'll see if that helps .
i love white this case is so awesome !
this cable worked great while it lasted .
in order to hear stereo , i need to hold cable out to before the spring click .
the sound quality is excellent . however , there are major quality control problems .
i 'm soft spoken yet everyone hears me great on the s9 . for music , you can skip forward and back to other tracks right from the headset controls , adjust volume and answer calls .
it charges all of those perfectly .
it securely covers the entire iphone , not like those other cases that leaves the top corners exposed .
it does not turn color or turn off when the phone is fully charged .
it is a2dp or whatever those letters are that mean it controls your phone from the headset if your phone has those features .
i also really liked the way the circle lit up blue when plugged in .
and works great as a mirror if needed .
she loved the color scheme and that it was not bulky or 34 ; manly 34 ; like the otter boxes .
when i lean back against my high sofa seat or pillows , the beam behind my head gets in the way and pushes the set off my ears , since it is not precisely snug around the rear of my head . i also wear reading glasses , and the bow of the set gets into a room crisis conflict with the branches of my glasses right behind and above my ears .
it arrived on time , in good condition and works .
i can actually use the navigation on 4g and it will still charge .
very nice feel to it , does not slide around .
the sound quality in the car is great .
useful data includes exactly how much energy a specific device uses and how much it will cost to run for a day month year .
it holds a nice charge , charging my iphone 4 to full charge and then some .
this came with bluetooth only and charge cord ; no instruction or any other accessories with this .
the only con that i have found is wind noise , in high wind situations .
on this note , the charger light next to the plug port shows green if 70 percent charged or orange if less than 70 percent when you plug it in .
i also got the 3 pack screen protector from the same vendor
i bought this case for my iphone and it looks and feels great !
the other problem is that in a noisy environment holding a conversation became a real problem .
with this battery i used the highest power setting ( 3g connection , screen at its brightest , wifi on , twitter updates on ) and my battery at the end of the day still has 65 left . . .
so back it goes and i wound up with the seidio innocase holster which works quite well .
the pod is lightweight and the loose fit allows retrieving the phone while leaving the pod in place .
for everyday i think i will stick with real leather cases from zenus .
it fit the phone very well and held up at least a year .
the smallest screwdriver in this kit was perfect for that job , so mission accomplished .
neither would the little charging case that came with it .
the same is true if you want to use the recharger for other items such as wii controllers .
it 's a very high quality product .
the a2dp profile had no crackle and overall was flawless . my only problem with these headphones was in using the microphone .
if you need an additional charging cord for your cell phone with a mini usb male plug this works very well .
it seems to charge quickly and then chanrged my iphone quickly .
i have a roocase ultra mini which works really great .
reception is great , and there is an audible signal for every function , including receipt of e mail or text messages .
i bought this charger to replace my at t ; charger that simply could n 't provide enough juice to my sgs3 on long trips where i used the gps feature .
the apple one fits into the slot on my bumper but this one is too wide , so i had to cut off some of the plastic with a knife .
carrying pocket doubles as charging station ; headset fits dangerously loosely inside , and the pocket itself does n 't clip securely onto shirt pockets or belts .
most times , it would connect quickly and function well .
it 's smart lookiing and you just set your phone in it and it charges up .
works great , i called t mobile and had this sim card activated in 5 minutes .
sounds fair on a low to medium volume . voice quality have not tested yet , will update you on the receiving end of it . connection easily picked up by iphone4 . just make sure wait for 7 secsproduct quality fair for lightweight earpiece . cables only comes with usb charging cable .
stated i should sent the pieces back with upc code and retail packaging . . . . huh ?
the sound quality was the worst i have ever heard from any earbuds i have experienced . however , the volume was so much louder than other earbuds , i think the problem is that of a speaker being used at the wrong impedance . these may be set for a much lower ( 6 8ohms ) impedance and when played from an iphone , the volume goes up but the sound quality goes out .
sinceelectricity is touch and go in some countries itorch would be a very handytool as well as charger .
there were small tears in the thin areas of the gel case , but the iphone was still protected .
the clip prevents too much pull on the belt loops . recommended
since the directions indicate that all lights turn off when the unit was fully charged , i assumed that was the case .
i have dropped it many times with this case on and the case and phone both still look like new . the silicone also provides light moisture protection and gives me a better overall grip on the phone .
i love being able to pause , play , skip forward or back without having to touch my phone .
the screen protector fits the phone just fine .
it looks like the oem one , and it sure works like it too .
this case does not hinder the signal . the case is easy to open and close .
protruberances along the edges make it safe ; you 're unlikely to drop it using this cover .
i use this to charge two devices at once using my igo chargers .
it gives you the capability to use a wireless headset with sound in unison with an hdmi cable causing no problems with my xbox
i espec like the belt loop option as many women 's pants would be too thin to support the clasp weight .
accordion wire was a great touch too .
it is not a stand alone charger . . .
some of the pluses are the rubberized finish which is easy to grip , full support for bluetooth ( although bluetooth sucks up so much battery power that it becomes borderline useless ) and nice large well lit keys and crisp screen . the phone has an overall feeling of solidity without being too heavy or clumsy feeling .
the case makes it hard to move the ring silent switch .
it has two belt loops and a belt clip .
the sides have leather covering the elastic so that it looks like there is no elastic . smells really good to , the best part of leather !
other than the slightly large size and look of it , its a great headset !
go with the new motorola razr with the 1 . 3 camera and the mp3 player , same features in a nice slim package .
the battery is about the size of a deck of cards .
simply superb quality protection from every angle .
the order was delivered on time and the clear touch is nice fit for my galaxy s4 . i ordered the anti glare version and it is easy to apply w o any air bubbles .
love the folding blade when not in use .
the charge is extremely fast for a car charger and for the price , ca n 't beat this charger .
i do n 't write many reviews , but the new trent product line deserves a shout out . a small , well built battery charger that is reliable and powerful .
this is a great case for the samsung galaxy s3 and boxwave does a great job in making a quality classy durable product .
the product has a tab to help you put the protector on the phone . . .
on top of that it works then stoppes working every 10 seconds .
i was worried that the cover over the mini usb on the phone would get in the way but it turned out that there is enough clearance for it to not cause problems .
i had a boxwave case for my note i and it was great .
it 's relatively dense plastic so i feel it protects my phone well enough .
it charges it pretty well for the size .
very well designed and top quality construction .
the cons for this ear piece are it does not block wind and background noise very well .
the workmanship was good and after an initial breakin period that lessened the oil seepage and the smell i was very pleased with the feel .
good volume and clarity for its size .
in that respect , they sound very good . however , i 'm unable to get them working as a phone headset with my computer .
took a long time to ship .
in terms of sound quality and this headset does not disappoint .
this bluetooth 1 . 2 version has since been replaced by the newer generation , but the price of this model has come down by nearly $ 80 as a result .
thus , if you have a screen protector on that goes around the edge of the phone also , you might have a harder time getting the top half of the case on .
other bulkier ear pieces have not fir very well but this one fits great !
i do however recommend it except in the worst cellular service connection locations .
to charge anything with this igo universal car charger , you will need an igo power tip ( not included ) . i purchased my charger for use with a motorola droid razr smartphone .
they are only 2 sizes of pry tools ( 5 of each size to make the 10 total ) . . . not 10 different sized ones .
i would buy another if need be . warrentrinidad tobago
i use it on an inter tel phone system at work .
that being said if a device has a case on it you might have a problem , but i do n 't use cases on my devices so everything fits perfectly . i charge my work blackberry tour 9650 , my samsung galaxy s2 ( at t ; model ) , bluetooth hands free car speaker , kindle , external battery back and a number of other devices with these cables and each one works perfectly .
spray your phones screen and your fingers .
it quickly installed and updated and walked through driver installation on xp .
it installed fairy easily and i had installed an apple screen protector directly on the phone before installing the case to cure the oily film problem .
pairing and setup took 1 minute .
reception has been good for me depending on the strength of signal from the cell towers .
i have a gaming headset at home with a long usb cable for charging but i would like to charge my phone as well so this adapter is a good solution .
it does . . . . the sound quality is a good as any wired headset . it works well while facing towards wind .
only beef is that the listing does not tell you that it is bulk packaging .
suggestion make the front cover the same material as in the back . . . .
the switching function between horizontal and vertical screen is eratic and seems to switch to horizontal when i want it vertical and vertical when i need it horizontal , so i just turn off the auto turn feature .
the texture makes it a more classy and expensive looking case .
the cable is exactly like the one i got with my phone 's compact travel charger , down to the model number and length .
the n85 does n 't charge on this but that 's a nokia issue , not usb device issue .
you have one screw to hook it up onto the case .
why she would want to display so prominently a sad reminder of her gross miscalculation with timing the apple product cycle and her at t ; contract is hard to fathom , but she could , nonetheless .
easy to pair with my blackberry 8830 , plenty of volume from the speaker .
my job requires me to carry a pager .
worthless . five stars for the amazon return process , though simple , easy , and quick .
it works well , has held up to months of abuse and is relatively inexpensive compared to other retractable micro usb cables .
every tiny dust mote will cause a tiny bubble under the screen , but wo n 't interfere with function . .
i also did n 't like the labeling of the included cables .
unplugging the cable immediately stops this problem . i contacted boxwave and they did send me a return shipping label .
as to the pink one do n 't be afraid of the color my wife loves the subtle pink color of the phone ( as opposed to a flashy , neon type color ) and the case matches it very nicely , maintaining the subtlety of the phone .
charges our galaxy s3 and note 2 .
this problem is compounded by the fact that it is virtually imposible to fiddle with the fit while on a call without disconnecting because any pressure to the outer surface triggers the hidden disconnect button .
they are made of cheap plastic .
the nt70t has 1 dot remaining .
luckily , when you buy electronic devices nowadays ( for example , just because i own them , a blackberry curve , or plantronics discovery bluetooth 665 headset , or any similar products ) they usually come with a charger or a usb adapter .
also , since bluetooth can be temperamental , or erratic ( especially with other bluetooth connected electronics devices in the near vicinity ) , a convenient audio cable is provided for a surefire connection between player and the motorola speaker . the speaker is loud enough and should amplify the human voice sufficiently for efficient , unforced conversation .
also the phone button closes versus most magnetic closure cases out here . only con no speaker hole in front to close case while talking on phone . howeva regardless highly recommend .
it fits perfectly and offers great protection with minimum bulk .
however , the motorola logo makes the plug needlessly long .
the unit works boosting weak cell phone signals . if you are in a area with a fairly strong signal , the data rate seemed to be slower when using the booster .
i work from home and it is small and fits on my waist band perfectly .
plenty of cord for the installation and easy to hook up , you can mount this directly or use 3m to attach it to the surface .
pros small size ; sound quality ; price ; voice dialing works great ; light weightcons wo n 't stay charged for very long ; even with the selection of ear pieces , i have a hard time getting it to stay in my ear without the ear loop but i have trouble with all types of earbuds so it 's probably just me .
no holster bulge smoothly goes in my pocket .
the motorola h300 is the ultimate handsfree headset for those that want a headset that they will be able to use forever .
great quality product , i love this case it is the perfect sidekick to an always dyeing phone . now my phone is charged anywhere anytime thanks to powerbear . really like the name of the case as well ! ! 5 stars deff !
i tried the 3 . 5mm port , and the usb headset port while charging and all is good .
when i searched for a samsung galaxy s3 charger this product popped up .
there is no head attachment so you must use this over the ear .
the watermark does n 't show when the phone is off , so who really cares . my wife just got a speck case for her new iphone 5 , with a moshi ivisor , screen protector .
i got this for my galaxy s3 since i did n 't want an in ear headset and it worked like a charm .
too bad all the accessories for headsets are for the newer one .
and in a hotel room , i can charge all my devices ( including any that charge via usb using the usb adapter ) without bringing tons of cords .
a great headset if used in a quiet environment .
i like how the indicators show you how much charge is left on the device .
it offers exceptional operation premium features . the pebl is one of the most charming phones .
a variety of included ear pieces ensure you 're likely to find a comfortable fit .
better yet , the ring tones comes out in a full stereo mode ( or at least sounds like it ) . 5 ) camera is good ( 2mp ) . although it will not replace your digicam , it will be more than adequate for emergency uses . 6 ) battery life .
great for tethering your phone with a laptop or charging from your desk .
you only get three screen protectors , plus a cleaning cloth and piece of cardboard that you use to smooth out bubbles , which make it a 5 count .
it 's not a big deal , just turn the plug in portion so the light shines away from the driver .
i just wanted to make it clear to people that this is an identical item ( both the usb cable and the wall charger piece ) to the one that comes with the pre . it has the same distinctive palm branded circle , heavy duty cable , and even the little plastic thing that holds the cable together . things to know the box is oem not retail .
i 've seen connectors for the iphone , and xbox 360 controllers as well as the wii and ps3 but those parts are another investment of 40 bucks .
the reverse i have found to be true on many occasions with the over the ear design . ergonically it is sound with the one large tap button for receiving and making , or even switching calls to voice mail .
they charge all the devices and material is of good quality .
one charger and some tips in a headphone bag , and i am ready to charge everything anywhere i go .
it is smaller than the razr v3 in overall dimensions .
the case is another well thought of accessory from blackberry .
i 'm an it admin here in seattle and love my techy stuff .
once i picked the right size ear thingy , it fits perfect and i can barely notice it 's there .
works as good as the name brand ones , and so much cheaper .
also , once the top half is on , it wo n 't sit as flush around the edges .
do n 't buy this adapter ! ! the picture shown is not what you will receive , the picture shows a genuine nokia adapter but what you get is a cheap piece of crap that does n 't even have the same specifications as the nokia adapter .
or you can charge your phone with your buddy 's charger . . . no problem .
plastic boxes , paper sleeves , and then more paper boxes on the inside . aliph definitely is n 't in to the whole green thing . i use it with blackberry curve and it works great . 8310 at
basically ca n 't feel it after either 2 minutes or 2 hours , which is good . bluetooth pairing easy , took four seconds . sound quality incoming and outcoming is very good . basics are tap to accept call , tap to disconnect . beyond the basics a series of commands , tap , double tap , 2 sec tap , 4 sec tap , that doing different things during ringing , during a call , etc .
after searching and searching for a battery for our baby monitor the levana babyview20 , i found out that it uses this nokia battery .
really good sound but my husband did n 't realize that one of the headphones wire is shorter than the other .
it was a palo alto , ca , number ! ? that 's over 700 miles away !
and the one in front is great for the thumb drive . 2 . the lights are cool3 . it works great4 . it stands up most of the time !
i have used the samsung wep200 bluetooth headset for about 3 months .
i have tried all brands and styles of bluetooth earpieces and the jabra extreme is by far the best for 3 reasons 1 ) . by far it has the best assembly to keep in your ear .
i have snow tires on my car , and the noise is loud enough that i ca n 't use this headset while driving because my callers complain of the racket .
it works great but looks dorky .
but it still does n 't compare to the over the head bluetooth headsets like zelher and blue parrot as far as ease of use , call quality and battery life which are the most important things in a headset .
it charges my sgs4 . i would recommend this charger for the samsung galaxy s4 .
i route the wire for the right ear bud behind my neckout of the way . wires are not a good idea for me and i learned it the hard way when my sony drbt100cxwas yanked off and shredded . i have a big noggin so the behind the neck ones are uncomfortable .
what i told them was where the manufacturer of the cell phone company failed , newtrent picks up and makes it better !
unfortunately there are a ton of oem cables for a particular brand floating around and really high prices . like , 5 dollars for a cable or whatever .
it slipped on very snug and was even harder to get off .
so i have purchased mini hdmi cords from stores in the past and spent 10 times the ammount just to relize they do not work .
be aware this product does not include the usb or mini usb cables needed to charge the device .
these protect well for the money .
i would love to be able to charge it on the go from my laptop * rubber hook for around my ear fell off after a couple weeks .
it 's an inexpensive micro usb cable that is charging my stuff .
it was in the case and on my belt and the phone slid right out and busted on the pavement .
it simply looks like a second skin , matte black .
i 8217 ; m very happy with my portable battery charger model imp52d .
but i have found there is not much difference between it and the included short antenna .
there is also a small soft pad on the inside . update 4 9 13be careful what you rest it on .
it can handle and is fused at 20 amps . i have two .
a bluetooth headset seemed like the way to go .
the voyager requires you to push a button and wait for the red light to come on to shut it off .
these cables are true samsung connectors , at a fraction ( i . e . , 10 ) of the cost for the same items direct from samsung .
definitely protects the phone . the belt clip is pretty much worthless .
when my hands are sweaty , it 's impossible to grasp the iphone with this case .
very irritating . 3rd the blinking blue night is also a huge irritation !
it slips right in a pocket yet it has a good grip in your hand . the slider style is nice because you can remove the bottom to place your iphone in it 's cradle .
it happened so many times that accidental pressing of multifunction button redials last number .
it has a matte finish making this case the best !
i really wanted to like this headset .
put the barge cement on both surfaces , let it 34 ; tack up 34 ; for 10 15 minutes , and attach .
in fact , the motorola eq7 is one of the most overlooked , underrated giants among personal wireless speakers .
the ones at the kiosk were loose and finicky .
i do n 't like the bright blue light from the handle , but i got used to it .
it 's not really long enough to clip onto belt or pocket and i 'm an average size man of 5'10 . is n 't long enough to clip to end of long sleeve or even go in jacket pocket . b .
instead of selling nubs they should sell replacement batteries with special covers that allow the current to pass .
this is no biggie for me since i never browse the web using my phone
its a battery for a phone .
but it keeps turning itself off every time the ipod is fully charged .
well , the stylus really does not work well for writing .
the voice is clear in in door or inside the car with windows up .
can be worn with the short wire under the chin or on the back of the neck .
the headset is light , confortable and fits well . my only complaint is about the smart button used to turn on off , answer , dial and pair .
it pretty much requires exclusive use of both plugs ( due to the shape ) in a standard gang outlet box .
it was very easy to pair with my phone .
they matched the white ipod replacement cords i ordered them .
purchased august 25 , 2007i love that it does n 't look like other bluetooth headsets that are huge and flashy .
the explorer 330 fits the bill to supplement a bluetooth cellphone and its ease of use and functionality is way superior to a lot of bluetooth headphones out there .
the original back cover was almost broken due to daily charging process via the cable .
but it 's not glue based , even on the back , so it comes right off .
for example , i have a 6' cable which charges my device okay , but will not connect to a pc for data transfer .
i purchased this with the otterbox commuter tl case for my husband , which cost twice as much , that was not worth it .
they shipped from china and took forever to get here .
i have returned it to seller with my own expense shipping charge .
sound quality is great for both phone calls and for music through the car stereo .
this is the holster to buy if you want a holster that can be clipped to your waist band , pants pocket or anything else ( even a purse ) it is a very easy process to remove and reinsert your bb from the holster the built in magnet will put your bb to sleep mode .
i bought one in yellow and one in gunmetal .
since it has an embedded battery i needed to take the phone apart .
i use this brand for all my retractable cables and find their quality to be superb .
it turns pages easily , and allows me to use the touch keyboards easily , with no overlapping onto the key besides it .
can be compared to the incase slider which sells for almost double . i love the dual color theme .
they work very well to charge my samsung galaxy s2 . price is reasonable and product is a good length and quality
this case is impact absorbing so the phone is completely protected .
this headset has great volume and still allows non phone conversations to be heard .
i am not happy with the quality of the product and chip looking material ; however it fits the price .
very comfortable to wear , good reception , price of $ 22 plus shipping was unreal .
this case fits very snug and i really like the rubberized feel .
i actually count the cutaways at the corners as an advantage because they allow you to access the controls and have headphones plugged in while in the case , which other cases without the cutaways do not .
works great , it kind of looks elegant , and the best thing is that it not only works on motorola phones , but in all phones that charge with microusb .
the whole trick to putting these on the screen is patience and cleaning the screen very well .
if you 're price sensitive , buy the v500 series .
the scosche is defintely built well , feels great too .
it holds its charge pretty well .
i have a clarion dxz785usb headunit .
for some songs they are adequate , but for many others you will hear a noise in the mid high frequencies that can be annoying when volume is up .
i use it as my travel charger .
i went back to purchase the iphone 3g again , now that most of the problems are worked out and all of the guys in the at t store had the incipio silicrylic cases on there iphones .
it is more of a battery booster for the ipad because the ipad is a power hog , but will completely charge an iphone and ipod .
ear bud is comfortable and the unit fits snugly on my ear .
it works but i am dubious of the 5v 1a claim on a misrepresented product .
having tried countless numbers of the small flush mount usb chargers that claim to be rated at 1amp and above with no luck i finally decided to just go with the good ol' motorola charger .
one of the other parties was on a lousy speaker phone .
so after you buy this dock , you 'll also need to buy either ( a ) a car charging kit or ( b ) a micro usb cable and ac adapter to power this second dock .
i purchased this as my first bluetooth headset because i thought it was cute .
there is a tiny bit of room between edge of phone and case where phone can slide around .
like the voice confirmation that it is connected and to which phone , and the strength of battery .
after using about 5 times , i received a red fault light .
it does n 't pick up excessive amounts of background noise .
as someone who bought other versions of motorola 's bluetooth headphones motorola 89307 motorokr s9 hd bluetooth stereo headsetand i can say this unit right here gets the job done .
the far most left one turns on if it is charging your phone .
version with warranty ( silver red ) . a lot of bang for the buck !
in addition , the pairing process is quite simple . if your priorities are quality sound , comfort , built in battery , and reasonable price , these will be hard to beat .
probably the soft silicone case and armband alone are worth the price of this bundle .
many complained about trying to get the phone out of their pocket , the rubber case does n 't slide out nicely , it tends to 'stick' . the incipio case fits snugly around the iphone and does n 't cover the silver bezel in the front of the phone .
range from bluetooth device seems limited compared to my motorola s305 's .
wind completely messes it up , but other background noise it does great with . but , i find with the bb that i sometimes have to switch to handset and back to headset to get rid of echo or broken up sound .
therefore , i can charge both my extra battery and my phone from one usb outlet .
this pouch fits the phone perfectly and feels great to .
needed another car charger for my smartphone .
it protruded out slightly on the right side .
it 's a shame that plantronics or any other bluetooth vendor barely tests their products or just makes a product and they send it out into the world hoping that quantity sales makes their products seem as if they are quality products .
easy to set up and use .
they are about 55 inches long not including the connectors at the end .
whos ears are big enough for the large attachments ? having said that , the headset is a winner .
i also like that the light is very obvious when it is plugged in and charging .
it has a rippled surface instead of a smooth one like many protectors .
the made in china label , the lack of a retail package ( it arrived in a little plastic pouch , unmarked ) , and most importantly , the inferior performance , all suggest fraud .
best of luck trying to slide the power switch of the jabra while driving ! features i am missing on the blackberry vm 605 1 ) no caller id name announcement on incoming calls .
this is a very comfortable headset and was quite easy to set up with my motorola phone .
please note that you do not get to use your selected ring tone , it automaticly ( motorola hand set ) defaults to its standard ring while the blue tooth is actively connected .
while the privacy aspect serves the purpose well , this screen cover darkens the screen dramatically .
this does not fit the verizon version of the samsung note ii .
it feels good in your hand and still will slide in your pocket .
having said that , this works as advertised and is an excellent charging option !
there were no scratches on the screen or the back .
this is faster than using a wall charger or the car adapter . the instructions that came with the itorch are very descriptive .
like most wilson products i have owned this mount is very good quality and holds my wilson sleek cell booster perfectly ! ! highly recommended ! !
i purchased this to go with my nexus s after i had gone through three samsung oem chargers before it .
i bought this as a gift for my husband who wanted bluetooth headsets to listen to music while working out at the gym .
needed a unlocked phone a full keyboard , i saw the samsung impression and it was just what i was looking for ; great for texting , sending video messages , etc .
does n 't overheat and looks pretty cool with the blue led .
get the moto v600 if you want t mobile .
very happy with it since i have long nails and it is difficult to touch the letters when texting .
i like the cool blue light when plugged in too !
have had just about every high end bluetooth ear piece out there including this one .
after putting on the protective cover for the iphone , i can scarely put the iphone into the pouch .
as you can tell from the pictures , this headset is very large .
price does not determine sound quality .
worse , you have to place the headset in a recharging box ( ? ? ? ? what happened to a simple plug ? ? ) , meaning that the ear loop needs to come off .
also i paid $ 30 dollars for this at the at t store so the amazon . com price is a bargain .
i have handsfree bluetooth link in my car , and it has been a great help in allowing me to focus on driving and not holding a phone .
you have to attach this big plastic thing to your phone with double sided tape to be able to use the charger .
a credit card works great to work those out .
it 's unfortunate a class action law suite has n 't panned out . even with the poorly received clie nx ux keyboards , sony has n 't improved their design . it also does n 't help that this device was delivered with cracks in the casing so the whole first batch of the us launch was recalled .
i 've tried out several travel phone mounts .
it simply works as it 's supposed to .
i spent the extra bucks to buy a plantronics .
simply holding down the button cycles through turning the device on , then the flash light on , then the device off .
the on off power button seems to stick a bit when you try to power the device on .
well this is an ugly dull banana color , its 'nothing' like the picture , its not bold or bright at all .
note there is a very small hole on the inside of the boom that gets the sound .
i had to give this product 3 stars because i could n 't really try them for music streaming ( listen to music ) if your phone does not have a2dp , this headset will not work for music streaming , it will only work for calls .
the cord is long enough to go from window to cigerttee lighter without being stretched .
i 'm so glad they did . it fits nicely over the edges and keeps the back and edges from getting scuffed .
it fit perfectly and is made of great quality .
the charge is acceptably quick and both ends of the charger seem to have quality connectors .
it has perfect bluetooth for calls , super easy to hook up ( if you get the harness .
i had to get motorola mobile tools and 'hack' the volume so i could hear it the loudest default setting is just too low .
it 's convenient to have the smaller form factor and the phone headset have really good sound quality .
it 's in my emergency cable pouch that i always take wherever i go .
it 's not just bad connection and noise .
all my cordless phones throughout the house work perfectly .
the noise cancelling feature is amazing .
i liked the specs for the new trent itorch imp52d 5200 and also liked how it looked .
i also tried it in a usb wall charger i have , and it produced an electric arc .
in my bmw , the switched 12v power and aux jack are in the armrest , so i just plug everything in and it stays hidden away .
i like this ear piece because of the thin ear wire .
buying a fresh battery from the rim source is important .
no it 's not a sub woofer , but the clarity is crisp .
it 's about the size of a credit card and half an inch thick .
blueant customer service told me that they were aware of the problems with supertooth ii and had discontinued it and they replaced it with supertooth light , which i have used for about 4 months . the voice quality of blueant supertooth light is better than my factory installed cadillac bluetooth phone .
also , the futuristic looking blue illuminated motorola logo is huge , and at night it is so bright it can be a little distracting .
it does work just fine for selection and pressing icons buttons , but that 's about it . the pen itself is a fairly light aluminum body with a handy pocket clip , no complaints there . my search for a good stylus continues not recommended ! cfh
got a refurbished one from beach camera , it was horrible , gouges in the plastic , no extra gells , sent back and reordered a bulk packaged new one from beach camera off their web site , ( watch out and read discriptions of voyger pro w windscreen they are the refurbished ones ) the new one with bulk packaging was perfect .
the backing material is printed with a grid to act as a guide .
it works great and is very nicely made .
the unit seems well made and feels solid .
my other screen snapped in just fine .
it even fits easily with my otterbox case being super thick around the phone , which was a concern for me .
i read the reviews here and ended up buying this bluetooth device .
if you 're charging your iphone , you just use the usb cable that came with your phone ( or ipod or whatever ) . to charge the actual battery pack , you use the retractable cable included with the ifuel , but you plug that into the little ac power charger adapter that came with your iphone or ipad .
would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a sub $ 10 car charger .
i hooked it up to my ipod docking station and it sounds great . 6 ) battery life is good as with prior blackberries .
all of the good quality batteries i have used have delivered their rated capacity or better .
bought 3 from 1on1 . very robust , hearty 1m cables .
i did n 't care for the small form factor charger either , would have been better to have used mini or micro usb charger . overall , i loved this bt headset , but the ear loops need to be improved upon .
somewhere i read that they have to be specially configured to fast charge a samsung device or otherwise they 'll charge slowly despite which port of the charger you use .
solid construction , thick cable . cons the adapter end is quite large .
it extends the life of my iphone battery for an hour or two but does n 't charge the phone , and it does n 't seem to work if my phone battery drops too low .
both of us were using the new iphone 4 . so how did the discover 665 compare to the 925 ? in general , it worked well , with easy pairing and one touch answering .
the audio cues are fairly logical . cons not the most comfortable headset i 've tried .
i 've used it in portrait and landscape and both orientations seem stable .
you don t need a rocket scientist to have some kind of pads or insulator to protect your skin
my last charger would only slow down the battery drain if i used navigation or 4g services , but it would still drain on long trips .
it 's a bluetooth case and it works what more do you want !
well fast forward over a week later , the outer layer of the black silicon skin starts to rub off , make it look like some dirt that needs to be wiped off .
i bought these after two sets of lg tones broke on me .
the imitation leather skin is actually thin cloth sandwiching cardboard paper . in less than 3 days after my purchase , one of the loop straps tore off at its stitches to the case body . another 2 weeks passed and i found the metal clip was missing and the holster barely hanging with the remaining loop strap .
it 's well designed and compact , at less than three inches tall and about an inch thick .
if you are looking at this you may consider other options such as the powermat which comes with more tips including micro usb and tips for handheld game systems .
the rest of the case and rubber outer cover installed in seconds and everything fit exactly .
my phone fits very well and the velcro is heavy duty . 5 stars .
the belkin shield sheer matte case for iphone 5c could be better . it 's really nothing for than a plastic shell that does n 't really offer that much protection . i mean it 's good at protecting from scratches but it seems like the kind of case that could break really easily .
this pouch was meant for iphone .
when plugged in , my palm pixi prompts me , just as the factory cable does , to transfer or charge .
no lights , no itunes , no phone vibrating , nothing .
i have tried cases from almost every major case manufacturer , and the otterbox commuter is overall the best case i have ever used .
there is a little bit of an edge on the sides that keep the phone raised off a flat surface ( when face down ) . the case adds very little bulk to the phone and i think it improves the grip of the phone .
this charger works very well on samsung and lg smartphones .
but i have had a couple of lighter plugs that did not want to insert far enough to make a connection .
its a circular disk that your plantronics blue tooth fits in , and the reason i only give it 3 stars is that there is no integrated power to this docking station .
just like the original jawbone , this device is easy to use , charges quickly , but the buttons are easier to push than the original jawbone .
also , using these for phone calls is quite convenient .
the apple charger surely is poor quality .
but then i realized how much smaller this unit is compared to the voyager pro . smaller unit smaller battery smaller up time .
it serves its purpose caller id was a good feature
its not stylish or anything but it definitely works !
i 've found that this headset is geared more for voices in the middle and higher ranges .
shipped immediately to me , this adapter is worth way more than i paid .
it 's durable , charges quickly , and has a blue light that turns on when it is plugged .
well definitely this is one of the slimmest silicone iphone covers i 've ever seen .
the laser and flashlight on it is a very innovative addition to a portable battery .
cheap version of the original apple cable but works fine for me .
my goal is to find the smallest bluetooth headset i can find .
the torx screw drivers work wonderfully and the tweezers work well , but the pry tool is too weak and ineffectual for the project i used them on . i bought this kit to remove the cameras out of my htc 4g lte and i did n 't have any problems except for removing the small plastic portion on the bottom rear side of the phone .
the new induction back went on very easily . the touchstone itself is surprisingly heavy and sticks better than expected .
i use the retractable usb charger when synching my ipod since my dogs tend to come investigate whatever i am doing and get tangled in the cord .
the bean bag has enough grip that it does not slide when i drive .
i needed a moderately priced unlocked smart phone that would fully pare with my car 's bluetooth system .
it looks great , and the ifrogz logo is barely visible , so it does n 't look tacky .
it works well with that and also works with my kids blackberry .
it is comfortable ( but flimsy construction ) . sounds decent ( bit of a noise leak ) , pairs well with my iphone 3g ( does not work forward and back track ) and my macbook pro .
you can actually see the soap film like that on a bubble all over the screen .
that key feature is the size of the ear buds , but i 'll come back to that . i was looking for a durable , reasonably priced headphone option and i found it .
great size for the size of battery you get .
did n 't realize it was n 't a 1 8 to 1 8 slim fit extension like i was looking to get .
great price and love the light indicator .
i was looking for a blue tooth device for my iphone when i saw all the positive reviews for the s305 . this is a great headset that syncs up easily with my iphone4 and my laptops .
not only does the product look nice with a glowing blue led , but it works very quickly and had no issue being detected by my phone .
it is rather hard to seat in the cigarette lighter receptacle in my lincoln town car , but after a lot of fussing , i am able to get it connected and working .
worked perfectly and fast on my droid x .
i like the color white too .
when the stand is closed it 's flush with the back of the case so it lays flat .
i also like that the middle lights up in blue b c it does give it a nice look .
this no name adapter cable has the same dimensions as my original motorola one . worked fine although the jack feels a little loose going into the headphone port of my cellphone .
this will work with any phones or devices with a micro usb charging port .
it shows the caller 's name as xlink .
my previous glasses has thin metal bows whereas my new pair has thicker plastic .
you can get three of these for half the cost of one of the name brand stylii .
this headset was a piece of junk right out of the box .
the packaging is great , very easy to open and get to the product .
it fit perfectly and keeps the headset protected while in her purse .
out of the four types of bluetooths i have had , this one is the best .
this headset was not only attractive but it has great reception .
perfect slim close fitting case and is well worth the money .
i was looking for an inexpensive wired headset i could use for music and make the occasional phone call .
great product my husband love it ! ! safe clip helps for his work , covers really well the phone and the elegant black fits with all styles .
the actually controls are upside down .
first time i tried it it said accessory not optimized for iphone .
add to this that holding the button down for a period of time shorter than the period of time required to turn it off is actually a redial function .
this bluetooth headset is probably one of the worst you can ever waste money on . for some odd reason all of my motorola bluetooth , including this one has really really bad static . i cannot clearly hear the other person and the other person cannot hear me . i would save my money and buy a different brand altogether . motorola h700 bluetooth headset
by the time i put my driver 's license in there ( an exceptionally tight fit on the windowed part of the case and i was almost not able to remove it later ) and a couple of credit cards it was actually too thick to keep in any pocket comfortably .
but the short live time of the battery makes them pretty much useless .
it comes with smart pad which helps to mount this holder on any surface .
remove the film on the sticky side of the screen protector and apply to the windshield where you would like . when it 's time to remove , just use a box cutter or flat , sharp edge to pull up one of the corners of the sticker , and you should be able to slowly peel the entire sticker off as a single piece with minimal residual leftovers on the windshield .
of course , it charges your curve , too , and that 's good !
they can be used to scroll up and down lists , but when you try to type with these stylus' , they wo n 't work .
however , with skype the quality drops a little bit .
easy to take out and put on .
the samsung oem charger is junk .
product works great , charges my htc desire quickly .
i purchased the blueant z9i headset based on the rave reviews submitted by other reviewers .
this case does the job without costing a mint plus it feels and looks perfect on the iphone .
let me preface this by saying i am an audiophile which is both a blessing and a curse . before writing this review i listened to citizen steely dan disc 2 , the first album of bruce hornsbys intersections , and art blakey is jazz , donald fagens morph the cat , gnarls barkley 's the odd couple and finally scott walkers scott 3 . i have this to say the sound is great .
after calling tech support for the vmx 100 , i was brushed off somewhat , and not given a fix to the problem .
keeps the bluetooth ear bug charged for use daily .
the headsetrelies entriely on sticking in hour ear ; there is nothing aroundthe earlobe or the head to stabilize it . a stiff wind or a yawn can easilty make it fall .
so much more comfortable than the apple ibuds you get with the unit .
it 's fine for a non smart phone sitting in the console or a cup holder but it 's far too short for smart phone use with the phone positioned on or near the dashboard .
its hard to put on , hard to take off , hard to keep on .
otherwise , if you need an inexpensive , wireless headset just to work out , i 'd recommend .
i 'm now using this with my t mobile dash and it works great for the voice command features .
i was researching ways to boost cell signals when i found this .
compared to the other batteries , the charge time and total capacity seemed to be equivalent to regular speeds and charge to my devices .
the on button is on the right ear and pushes very easy to turn on the unit expecially when you handle them to just move them .
removing the phone from the dock prompts the question do you want to exit bedside mode ?
i have owned batteries that delivered as much or more than their rated capacity .
the dragging sensation seemed to go away , but then it returned .
defeats the purpose of handsfree if i have to hold them in .
it works for the bb 9810 too !
looks good and is real leather .
this is the first bt ear piece i have had that actually works the way it should .
despite repeated efforts to remove them , this thing had more bubbles than a bubble bath .
the laser pointer works fine , although activating deactivating it can be a nuisance until you learn the button sequences required to operate all three functions laser , light , and charger .
amazing value for a quality case .
well built , and built to last .
some cheap pens which are labeled as being iphone compatible actually are not , but this one is . however , the rubber used for the tip of this stylus ( possibly out of necessity due to the touch sensor type ) is very sticky and not good for swiping or drawing . also , the rubber tip is actually a bubble and not solid , which makes it squish down very easily .
this clip is of good quality , workmanship and materials and is a great value and arrived in a timely manner . it is a o . e . m .
my biggest problem with the bluetooth headsets is they are not loud enough .
it was seamless and easy to connect to my blackberry .
it 's easy to pull the passport out .
the windscreen is outstanding and cuts out noise even when driving with the window open .
the rubber outer cover is too tacky .
it even comes with a carrying case for the unit and its two cables . this small power pack has plenty of power for my iphone 4s , but fell short when trying to charge my asus transformer tablet .
the difference between a $ 30 wired headphone plugged in versus the voyager is quite minimal . i have worn the headset around the house and my office while my phone was plugged into the pc charging and syncing .
i prefer a lanyard that secures around the bluetooth headpiece itself .
no installation required and looks stylish .
make sure u mount on windshield using the dash as support otherwise u will get alot of vibration when u drive the car .
this battery pack makes it possible to use the iphone the entire day . . . the 3g version has a better fit and it is charged via usb , rather than ipod connector . . .
do not order this if you have an otterbox or a lifeproof it will not fit .
also has two small pockets for sd cards which is not noted in the ad .
the magnetic holders are strong and may cause an issue with the compass calibration i 'm not sure yet . the clip on the back is extremely well designed , slides onto your belt easily but does n 't slide off . i also tried the iphone 4 with an apple bumper and it fits great . leather quality and finish are also excellent .
it stays in place and is easy to slide the phone into without having to look at the holster .
they worj and they are easy ti appky .
no dynamic range or anything resembling bass .
it is not very comfortable to wear , so i do not recommend it to those people who wear their headsets all the time . one major flaw that i found ( maybe it 's true for all bluetooth headsets , have not tried others ) is that when using it on my computer to make phone calls on skype , it interferes with my other bluetooth devices such as my logitech v470 mouse .
i traded in a samsung alias 2 for this lg samsung was nice , but in landscape mode the screen was black , portrait it worked fine .
well , it 's consistent . the stock cable that came with my blackberry is a micro usb on the bb end .
though i have to press slightly harder to get the screen to register , the tip also slides well across it when i need to draw a pattern to unlock , or scroll a widget .
after doing lots of on line research , i purchased the body glove product . it provided awesome protection and was very easy to take on and off the phone , but it made my phone bulky and uncomfortable to talk on .
the cover adds protection and not a lot of weight .
there 's a grippy rubber bottom to the stand that further keeps it from moving around when knocked . could you inadvertently knock over your bold while it 's in this stand ?
directions are ok and give good guidance in application technique .
the imp52d has been a great back up battery for me as a college student .
i just wish the length of the cord were longer . . . . i already had a plug in in the charger nearest me . . . . !
it works great and is a no nonsense kind of headset .
it is n 't that plugging in the pixi is at all challenging it certainly is not .
i 've also used a standard 3 . 5mm speaker wire to connect it to my laptop ( which has crappy built in speakers ) while watching movies on the road .
most name brand cables are thicker than this one , but it seems to work ok for both data and charging .
personally , i do n 't like those headsets that are bulky and tell everyone that you have a headset on .
this is my 4th bluetooth headset , and i 'm getting frustrated trying to find one that both works good and fits good .
yet every time i remove it from the holster , the camera lens is centered perfectly in the vroom 's camera port .
i went with the blueant since the only things i had heard about their produtcs were good .
what it truly means is that the case is clear plastic and a little brushed aluminum plate has been glued only to the back .
it is nicely made and has a sturdy clip .
the biggest thing i love about the jabra extreme is the overall kit that comes with it .
this phone was purchased with the t mobile plan to replace a nokia phone with at amp ; t .
i bought the blue and orange and i have the red on order . case is sleek enough to allow phone to be inserted into a leather case with belt clip for carrying on the belt .
and for a good brand name like jabra , i hope it is .
if it were n 't for verizon , the phone would be fine .
it does not have a regular mono headset profile .
magnet not strong enough for iphone 4s .
i already had the iphone bluetooth for phone calls , and i was curious to how this would work , both for phone calls and listening to music . well , i 'm sold .
as i am approaching my mid 50 's , my hearing is not as acute as in past years , and the internal noise from the pickup truck ( windows up , and ac running ) makes hearing the other party on the earpiece difficult . my main problem with this unit is the recharge plug .
it will switch to green when it is fully charged . the headphones are great for workout and fits comfortably on my head .
the technology is there for these headsets , no robotic sound !
it holds the phone very well and i use it all the time !
i was looking for a set of wireless headphones to wear at work .
the phone 's power usage is much more than this charger 's ability to charge .
blackberry charging pod for blackberry bold 9000 it works well it is positive when the phone is put in to it , looks good on your desk
stows so very conveniently away and works very intelligently , locking in place wherever decide to stop it , rolling back up with just a tug .
while i am in central nj cell phone coverage can be spotty depending on exact location and carrier .
this headset was not compatible with my htc evo 3d .
this holster can store the iphone with or without a shield .
it came in a smallish pouch with no box or any literature at all .
the bh 800 understands my commands closer to 90 on the first try and 99 on the second try . the jx10 was comfortable in my ear without the earloop .
the phone is too thick and is not rounded in the back like the case is .
its a more realistic sound and this has an annoying beep every now and then
my only problem with the device is that between charging , turning the led or laser on or off .
it works but when you plug in a device it makes a high pitch sound that can get annoying especially if the charger is next to you at night .
the picture for on this product listing is innacurate as i did not get a samsung replacement cable but a cheap generic one .
shipped to me in perfect time ; very quick .
the fit is good , no problems taking pictures or talking .
this is by far the best headset i 've ever used .
bought this for my wife so she could have a cell phone charger in her car .
the foam they use is very squishy so it will deform to fit in between clicks of the ratcheting mechanism , but once it deforms it does n 't really spring back , and something with a little silicone or urethane would grip the phone better to keep it from sliding down .
this case definitely helped save battery life on my pearl .
or you could use the universal case with included tips but this is almost like using the device 's original charger .
only thing is it is 400 mah less than the innocell but thats not that much .
listening to music is a blast , you can really crank it up and enjoy the tunes with just about the right level of warmth and sharpness for variety of music .
so small in fact that jabra should consider making an ipod sleeve with a a120s pocket attached . ( are you listening jabra ? ) the other minor issue is that when it 's fully charged , the power button indicator led changes green , but not always .
four stars given due to the products poor construction and durability issues .
for example , netflix currently supports video out for the iphone 4 and ipad , but not for earlier iphones or for ipods .
flexible without being that annoying rubber material .
not only does the end of the charger seem to only take up space and shamelessly promote motorola , the blue led creates a bit of a distraction , at least where my cigarette lighter is in my vehicle .
i 'm unfamiliar with the technological lingo , but apparently without such software your phone and computer ca n 't talk to each other .
i stopped using my defender case due to the echo issue and have really come to like the smaller profile of this case over the larger defender case . i like the smooth feel to the case .
this unit was a must for my hubby , we located and figured out what each appliance , computer , tv , and ac dc adapter was costing us .
the headphones pinched too tightly on my head and the grip or tension was not adjustable .
you will not be disappointed . only thing that bothers me is the glowing blue light . .
i decided to upgrade to this gain antenna for increasing signal strength .
it delivers better range ( aka more than ten feet ) , great sound quality and works with more devices than anything i 've seen in a similar price range .
too short to be able to plug into your computer and hold the phone . definitely shorter than illustrated on the samsung site .
but in the fine print it reads engineered in the usa , manufactured in china . if you 're boycotting china , read the packaging .
my blackberry tour fits just like it should and charges just like it should .
the build quality was mediocre , it had sharp seams on the edges that kinda hurt my hand and i had to whittle them down with an x acto blade .
contrary to some reviews , the case does not get in the way of scrolling with the trackball .
very small clips around the ear and you do n 't even realize its there .
great battery , great life for a power hungry phone .
works great , i feel it protects the screen well .
i traded in an older version of a plantronics earpiece for this one after reading many reviews .
the range is as good as any headset .
if this model was discontinued and i needed a new headset , i 'd go with the latest jawbone ; which worked fine , had better wind resistance , but did n 't have quite the all day comfort or inherent design durability of the 510 . hope this helps !
edit i just realized that this works best with the broadcom hp bluetooth stacks i use on my laptop , if i figure it out for the ms default stacks , i 'll post on it .
this line of krusell hector leather cases has no equal that i 've seen on the market .
the purchase delivery was very simple , and it was delivered as promised .
i already had the cigarette usb power adapter , but needed this usb cable to plug from the power adapter to my phone .
unfortunately , the earclip is loose on the headset which , combined with the light weight , make for a very floppy fit . compatibility a , no problems pairing .
i would recommend replacing the circular metal ring as the metal just barely overlaps .
helped with the fit for my ear and they were very comfortable .
instead , it 's a cheap funhouse mirror type of mirror . . . who wants to look at that ? ?
it does n 't recognize the card but the cable allows loading data onto the mini sd card without removing it from the camera .
however , the mygrid is not an acceptable answer to this problem . the price of this starter kit is high too high , especially considering you 're only getting one clip for one device .
i called plantronics on a sunday evening and the rep guided me through the online warranty form , very nicely and i got my replacement part within three days .
i have retractable cords for variety of chargers but my headset cords was always a mess in my bag trying to get everything in my bag somehow tangled into the cords .
i found , like other reviewers that the front blackberry logo does not light up when your phone is inserted and charging .
there are 3 buttons and with them , i can perform 20 functions .
also note that this charger has one usb port , where some chargers have two . if compact size is important to you and you have a smaller device that only requires a 1a charge , this is a very practical mobile charger for you .
i called t mobile customer service , they verified my identity , i gave them the sim card and it was active within minutes .
my rating for this product is at a solid 4 . 5 . the capacity is very close to advertised , but works hard to recharge my nook color at 4000mah 3 . 7v .
i tried using it with my sansa clip mp3 player in my toyota mr2 . the car makes a lot of noise in any case , so i 'm not holding out for audio lab quality .
crystal clear sound quality and different volument levels that suit me ( use hearing aids ) . long lasting battery time .
included in the box is a car charger , usb adapter , wall adapter and some replacement ear hooks . this headset makes it an easy choice to skip those $ 100 fashion headsets and go for something reliable and affordable good job jabra !
fits the phone great and protects it from just about anything mother nature can throw at it .
naturally it comes with a ac charge cable to connect to the case or you can directly charge the headset . the case is a hard case with a puffy outside that feels good in your hand ( one of those cases you like to squeeze ) . wearing the headset it took me a while to adjust the headset towards my mouth .
downgraded some because everything wilson makes requires an adapter to plug into something else .
cord is high quality as well .
this cord works as well as the oem product same quality , appearance , durability but at a fraction of the price .
the unit was pretty comfortable for me , but did not fit her well because my wife 's ear canal is shallow and the ear pads of the unit are designed for a deeper ear canal .
a little tricky to place the internal screen cover on .
when peeling it off the keys , it feels like the keys will rip off their fragile posts . also , as is common with bluetooth , getting the two devices to communicate with one another can be tricky .
now th eleft side is foggy !
the back cover kept coming out .
long battery life , car and wall charger included , charges fast , easy pairing , lightweight .
i purchased this case and anxiously awaited its arrival . installation of the case is real simple .
can adjust the holder to hold the phone in a good viewing position .
would be nice if it folded smaller , that is not so wide . a small point off for style , would have preferred all black not black and grey . a small point away for longlevity , wonder how it will fare over time especially the hard plastic pins thatanchor the wings in place . . . . . also not the easiest to align the top with the pins . these are minor points .
it is not coming apart justfuzzy at the stichings .
the itorch is a great deal with the current promotion .
the motorola micro usb rapid rate charger is ideal for recharging the motorola droid line of android devices that seemingly are always in need of recharging , especially the droid 4 with it 's unremovable battery .
extremely hard to not have bubbles like many protectors .
this classic book iphone case is flimsy and the cover will not remain closed .
fortunately , amazon has a fantastic way of handling returns and i was able to print a return authorization and shipping label postage included for a full refund .
given i had been pleased with blueant , i decided to upgrade to the supertooth iii and i am very satisfied .
it was n 't the headset . i paired this headset to my iphone macbook .
i got a new headset the first time on warranty .
i have n 't seen any slowness in my webcam , ipad iphone syncing or even copying large movies to my external hard drive .
this replacement battery worked perfectly on my cell phone .
but the clip that installs on the case does not stay on securely and if you are getting out of your vehicle or up from a chair the seat belt or chair arm will pop the case right off the clip .
he used the clothe to further affix the film to the glass . the trick was to make sure there were no smudges or specks of dust on the glass .
this is a high quality product .
this case performed great for 2 weeks , then the glue just stopped holding the seams together for all stress points on the case .
skip the nubs entirely . but having said all that , if you 're okay with the nub concept , then the device works as advertised , is safe , looks pretty cool , and is easy to use .
the product works just as advertised , charging my iphone to full a few times on one charge .
as in , you would need like a plastic pry tool to get it out again , and when placing the gn2 into the holster , it fits just fine . so far , there is no dis colorization ( i have the white edition to match the housing of my gn2 ) , the criss cross pattern is n 't fading away , the belt clip is strong and sturdy .
easy to handle , hard to break if used for the purposes it is designed , light and soft plastic parts and covers from laptops , cell phones , remote controls , etc .
it fell a total of 6 12 inches max .
it 's not a boom box , but for normal listening it is quite fine and the tonal quality is excellent .
this screen protector performs as shown .
as a stereo bluetooth i love it .
and yes , it works , and it works great . the back has a protection sheet to keep it clean for mounting on a dashboard .
the earbuds hold the battery that you recharge .
it probably takes about 30 45 min to fully charge my evo from 5 battery left using juicedefender which in self is little miracle app .
they are probably comparable to $ 10 screen protectors . application is easy , they have little tabs telling you which is the front and which is the back .
it comes with a usb cable that is interchangeable with the one that comes with the fuze , so it is a perfect back up cable .
i used this on an window unit ac . . .
like the title says . i love this case . my note 1with a ballistic case will fit inside . seems well made .
no problem with screen visibility even in bright sunlight .
the sansa does n 't even draw that much power , and my old non low profile has powered it for years .
bargain cell was great and immediately sent me a replacement but after 2 days already one cip broke .
this cover while it does have grip goes in and out easily and doesnt squish around the phone .
it also comes with a hard plastic screen protector , but i already have a thin plastic cover i use instead .
the phone actually works ! ! ! unlike the palm treo that crashes before and after every call ( i know that is why i got rid of the palm treo 750 and got the blackberry curve .
the covers of the case are very thick while they protect the phone and contents , two of them are too much when combined with the thickness of my thin nexus 4 and a couple of credit cards .
this works as advertised , great pitcure and no problems whatseover .
the new trent icurve imp70d external battery pack is great for when you use your iphone or ipad on the go and do n 't have the opportunity to recharge from a wall socket or computer usb port .
as i mention in title for this product , this is a perfact fit over iphone4 . and if you use silicon rubber gaurd wrap around thing , it will fit with that too , because seems like that this metirial has flixibility in it .
i was really pleased with this 3g car charger .
this item is neither a blackberry cable or a data sync cable .
i primarily use it for 'on' and 'off' . 'on' takes about 2 seconds , and 'off' takes about 5 or 6 seconds ( although i have to admit , it seems to take just a bit longer than i 'd prefer . . . ) to turn off .
like having an outlet in your pocket wherever you go !
connects quick to my phone , but calls are dropped .
not poor quaility , good sound , and mic .
i use this product for skype calls .
all of my other bluetooth earpieces have come with a desktop wall charger , and the primary reason i ordered this is so i can charge it in my car .
you cannot be certain of where the volume control is or which end of the rocker switch increases or decreases the volume .
it does n 't look sleek . newer blackberries are not supported the power sleeves for the iphone are fairly bulky and not very sleek .
however , my first use was on a bluetooth for my wife 's car that arrived uncharged and only had a car charger included .
i use a number of earbuds that fit in the ear like this .
i specifically ordered this headset because of the eye glass clip .
there is a minimal issue with it , the hole where the earphones conect is a bit small and i had it drill it otherwise the audio wire from my car stereo would not fit .
i used it on my laptop also , music skype and video conference . it is 1 tough headset . 1 time i drop it and step on the headset and broke off the slider .
the new lip at the bottom of the unit keeps the phone from falling out while holstered ( yup , other designs have had that problem ) . the belt clip seems more durable as well .
something my original headset did n 't do .
it charge 's my phone quickly , which is a nice .
looks sleek , well made and last for a long time .
the in ear noise isolation ear buds are comfortable and work well . the bad the noise reduction cuts off outgoing speech , so people were constantly asking me to repeat what i said .
hence , i have been using wired headset for the past ten years .
the light thing is my biggest annoyance .
i liked the thinness of the sides as it allowed easy access to the screen along the edges .
my 2003 subaru outback has the aux power ( cigarette lighter ) low down on the console , right behind the shifter , and with this inverter plugged in it 's actually quite dangerous for me to have usb cables sticking out .
my daughter loves it for watching cartoons on the larger screen in the car .
the ones we received do charge the droid fine , though at about half the rate of the oem wall charger that motorola included with the droid .
most of the thin ones had molding flash on the business end which had to be removed by shaving it off with a knife .
comes in a card board cover as well .
bottom line is that this charger does n 't have enough voltage to charge the phone .
for the price ( $ 20 ) , they are an excellent value .
the cell reception as a phone is excellent in our area .
this was well rated , inexpensive , and in a case .
the wi fi works well and i added a memory card for music .
shaved a few bucks of the utility bill thanks to this tool .
the fit and finish are very good , it looks good , and the smooth rubber material feels great in your hands .
my right side flap has already broken off and now its chipped where it was .
it 's a great headset for the price , but if you 're a person who tends to mumble or be soft spoken , i would try another plantronics headset .
if your looking for accesories for your fuze you came tto the right spot .
but if i were you now ( after august 2010 ) , i 'd buy a plantronics model with the two noise canceling mic design like the 975 or the pro .
i 've tried many of them , even the 1amp callipod adapter .
still , with mobile devices spreading like chicken pox at a kindergarten , i have seen an upsurge in the amount of usb charging inverters on the market .
the plug part is actually smaller than the original palm pre wall charger which makes it nice for use with travel .
the iphone really needs a horizontal case like this one .
motorola razr v3i worked good when new .
all holes align correctly with buttons , mic 's and micro usb on my galaxy note .
a couple suggestions for krusell re locate the zip tie connectors to the back of the display card , not on the front between the case and the card where the connectors can scratch and dent the leather .
why , because they never sounded very good , so i stuck with a wired headset . until , the new jawbone .
be warned this microusb cable cannot be used to sync wm6 . 5 smart phones to pc .
i use a pocket case which , unlike a wraparound case , can be quickly and easily removed . 2 . to use the blackberry desktop software on a pc , you need to remove the tour from the pod and connect it to the pc with a usb cable .
interestingly , while this works fine , the earset has a little whistle y electronic noise with etymotic that i do n 't hear ( no matter how close i listen ) with some other earsets i have .
if a device wants a smart usb powered device like an iphone or ipod to see it as a high power source , and not as a data connection , it needs to short the data interface pins with a resistor not more than 200k ohms .
i purchased this rfid passport protector for my husband .
all of the buttons , ports and camera lens have openings for easy accessibility .
however , she could n 't tell a difference between having the a c on high or low in terms of background noise .
the cable should survive for a long time however as the manufacturer uses a bend resistant ( not sure of the technical term ! ) collar . the usb connector end is cheaper .
after charging the battery in the case you can recharge your earpiece one time by just simply attaching the earpiece in the case .
the volume control on the unit is easy to use and can be turned up very loud .
the one in the middle feels slightly recessed but the one on top looks capable of scratching the phone 's finish .
i find that this shape blocks external noise , stays in my ear , and gives the best audio quality .
sometimes it take a second for it to answer a call when you click the answer button .
it comes in handy at work , just plug the micro usb cable in the computer to keep my skyrocket charged .
i still needed this adapter to get it to work !
the large controls are nice and easy to find wihtout having to actually look at the headset .
easy to set up and pair , elegant to look at , and the packaging reinforces the sense that you are buying a high quality product
this isnt a micro usb chager it is a regular usb charger and they send a cheap adapter for a micro usb port that falls off and is really long waste of money it says nextel on it instead of motorola do n 't buy !
it broke off a small piece of my aux input .
after the second charge , guess what ?
i get no complaints about wind noise walking to my car .
the clip style holster barely hold the phone in place and the jacket rubbing against the phone is enough for the phone to fall to the ground .
ewww lol this case keeps the button clean .
it will break if you bend it or plug in the phone and pull on the phone too hard .
just a bit of crackling , not quite as strong as some other bluetooth signals , when arm or body in the path of the headset and device .
but i wish the buttons were a little more tactile and the side hugged the phone a bit more .
several hours later when i checked the kill a watt again , it was warm , and its receptacle had deformed around the plug , making it impossible to remove . this device is supposed to have a nema rated outlet capable of 15 a draw .
it does a good job of avoiding background noise .
after installing an unlock application the issue with the ulock botton got solved .
i also had thesony mdr rf925rk 900 mhz analog rf wireless headphone , which were good at canceling outside noises , but produced so much static and whitenoise that they were useless . when i came across the s805 i went ahead and gave them a try .
with that said it charges and seems well made .
beside the fact that this case adds bulk to an already bulky phone , i find the back of the case really difficult to remove when i want to change the battery . the case does fit well and i have no problem using the phone with the case on .
however , the circular adhesive console dash disc is useless because the suction base terminal is heavy and the disc keeps falling .
it 's hard to review just an antenna , which is only part of most cell signal amplification systems ( commonly known as repeaters ) . this antenna came as part of a larger package that included a wilson amp , cable , etc .
we really need the govt to step in and mandate that these cell companies upgrade their networks first before charging consumers an arm and a leg for data services .
on the other hand , it 's thick enough to make operating the volume rocker and vibrate switch slightly awkward . most importantly , however , it 's designed so that the case blocks any sort of access to the ipod connector port .
the browswer and e mail client that came loaded on my treo work well .
just put the card in the phone and activate online with at t .
there are gaps at the top and bottom so when i plug in headphones or the docking cable it slides up and down in the case .
it might be good to have a rubberized or textured outer case .
when you have plug adapters for smartphones , it is better to have many plugs and straps for your charms , so that changing them is just change the plug and it takes just one second .
i got one to keep as a backup and i 'm ordering one of the soft tpu cases today )
it also works with motorola razr , razr v3 series , motoq series , as well as w385 w370 . finally , there is a tip for nokia e71 series , 2610 , 6085 , 6555 , 6061 . with the popularity of the apple iphone and ipod , it is almost unfathomable that it does not include a tip for either both of those gadgets .
now with all of the popular technology , it is easier to steal a person 's identity .
to be honest , the cheap quality of the case i received , and the deceptive nature of the listing , i will not buy another boxwave case .
it also fits snugly in the phone socket , and the backside of the plug is labelled with a shiny sticker , so you are not trying to force it the wrong way , eventually killing one or both of them . . .
i am extremely happy with both the sound quality and the range from base on this set .
it does not stick to your pockets .
i bought this for the skin , which fits my fuze nicely .
but if you intend on talking on the phone with much any back ground noise this might not be the one .
i wanted a spare adapter but the motorola oem model cable is no longer available .
still oem though ) works great with my galaxy s2
you cannot see the mirror portion and it is very difficult to apply .
i use it to charge my garmin gps , phone , kindle , pocket pc , and a other electronic gadgets . the build quality of the charger is excellent .
performs as expected and is roomy enough for an iphone with a thick protective case .
i like style , wrist band , good close clip , but once put credit cards in its hard to close .
as i bent over to clean up the smoothie mess on the kitchen floor the phone fell out of my pocket ( like it always does ) and into the smoothie .
its made out of very sturdy plastic .
just ok . forget about watching movies or you tube .
she just prefers her otter case .
these protector are easily to apply and last a long time .
a bluetooth headset effectively eliminates this problem . speaking of bluetooth , i was supremely impressed by how open cingular left the bluetooth options ( again , the verizon interface differs in this respect ) . you 're able to transfer any wallpaper , ringtones , and videos on and off with ease . the only hurdle is pairing the phone for the first time .
this product ( version 4 . 0 ) works with my v3 and v3x .
the process was simple and extremely easy to execute and after the half charge , the remaining power in the itorch was still showing as high ( three lit led indicator lights ) . the additional red laser pointer and flashlight are both useful and very convenient additional features , and once the instructions on their use were read and understood , were both fairly easy to use .
i also have tips for ipod and motorola .
the different ear buds give you a lot of fitment range , but if none of them fit right , you can add one of the pillow covers to fine tune the fit . the one ding i will give it in the comfort dept is the mic angles in and rubs my cheek .
though it looks heavy , the unit is a featherweight and fits nicely around the ear .
here are the results at t ; full bars on iphone 's and other at t ; devices . t mobile full bars and now on 3g on the nexus one . verizon better evdo coverage ( evdo is eqiv to 3g ) with faster speeds on the mi fi router . yes the device is quite expensive , but it works as it should and thus i have no fear in giving it 5 stars .
sounds clear and fits my big head comfortably .
around the edges it 's more shiny , which makes it more grippy .
hopefully accessory export would make its product more quality .
it works well ; it provides more than enough power to each usb port to charge two devices quickly .
fast charge , even while using the phone .
its a fake cable yes , does it sync and charge ?
palm made some of the highest quality products .
the price on amazon is unbeatable too .
we directed the antenna towards the towers .
it just indicates that the charger is inserted into the lighter correctly .
this apple iphone usb cable worked perfect for my ipod and arrived very quickly .
i bought these for a lg lx600 . you get good sound but the length of the wires is awful .
this is typical for any and all bluetooth headsets .
it allows me to see and transfer flies just fine and i transferred a 363mb file in about a minute .
this took all of five minutes to install in my xt panel .
the a2dp and the volume play pause mute work like charm .
while playing a music if call comes u can atend it with this headset .
overall , it 's a great headset for the price .
ordered these tools from the oem planet .
the bluetooth plastic piece is much longer in the front .
update 4 2012 these earphones are not so cheap anymore .
the blue light looks nice in the dark .
i wear it around my neck and use retractable ear buds to limit the cord mess .
the connection to the headset broke within a week of ownership .
this headset works ok , but the sound quality is poor and it does not function well in conditions other than perfect , ie .
i like to protect all my electronics with a screen protector and these styli do not work on a screen protector .
not oem but works well and looks good .
it almost to hard to get off my belt or jeans pocket .
price was fair and item worked .
all of them love theie headsets .
there is just enough tension so that it 'sticks' ( like a tape measure when you lock it ) automatically . compared to the belkin retractable cords that i own , the amzer cord does appear a little bit loose .
the large version of these eartips have instead worked best for me to keep a bluetooth ear piece plugged into my ear .
unlike my earlier bluetooth devices this one has really short range . . . like 3 feet .
would recommend if you have a touch screen phone or anything touch screen since you can taylor fit ir to fit most screens .
by the way , this charger is motorola brand , but it charges all devices that have the micro usb port .
the caller id passes through from the cell phone to my landline phone seamlessly .
in our home which is 3 stories , it did not boost the cell phone range well .
the controls work well with media player .
this device has held iphones and gpses in portrait ad landscape mode without complaint .
you can get your iphone in a protective case in this case but it is a tight fit .
i tried to use this for a plantronics headset , but the mic would n 't work .
that would , of course , change the product from just a music headset to bt phone headset but it could happen ! comfort is good as they fit snugly over the ears and the band connecting the earphones wraps around the back of the neck without any trouble at all . all in all it is a motorola product and they continue to deliver great technology at competitive pricing .
guess which headset i got to replace it ?
does n 't take up too much table space like all these other similar stands .
i am very happy with current case i use ( body glove ) . update 7 27 2010 still in box .
the carrying case is great as well i know my keys wo n 't scratch it . the imp52d also has a built in flash light and a red laser pointer but i have n 't really used it much . the quality is great as it does n 't feel like cheap plastic .
it seems plantronics has come out with a new version of the 510 . the foam mic boom is not removeable but is built in much like the logitech is .
it takes a bit of getting used to , but she much prefers it over her older , over the ear headset .
i actually like the increase in heft ; i find it easier to hold onto the phone with some extra size .
the headphones when paired directly with the iphone can dial out and take calls .
right out of the box , the morphie juice pack does work as advertised .
the background noise around you keeps the other person from hearing you which is sooooo annoying .
heck , even the s9 hds have a relatively good low end .
it works to charge and to sync .
fits in the spare compartment to keep my phone charged while i 'm riding .
the kensington cradle did not accommodate my htc rezound cell with the extended battery .
they sound absolutely fantastic and they block out any outside noise extremely well .
i decided to get a contour hybrid silicone plastic case , which did n 't last 2 months .
but if they ever reduce the price of one that works with 4g i 'll probably upgrade , since now i use my blackberry as a 4g hotspot !
i own a samsung infuse and i wanted a micro usb as a back up charger while i 'm at the office .
did have a little trouble getting the right ear bud to fit in my ears but did find one to fit properly .
i was happy to find out that it is made of a lightweight beveled plastic instead . besides using it to charge my cell phones , i can also use it to charge my gps system and bluetooth headset also requires a micro usb . great buy under $ 10 dollars highly recommended !
the mic is a little bit too sensitive , and tends to pick up too much ambient noise in a loud environment . connecting the 2nd earpiece clip turns this headset into true stereo headphones .
because of this , i would recommend considering other models . prossmalllightweightconsmediocre sound qualitydoes n 't hold tightly enough .
it said to upgrade the notebook 's bluetooth software .
a different ear bud is needed , a gel material would be appropriate . the noise cancellation works very well .
i 've never had voice clarity issues or echo .
apparently , once the old battery starts to go , the random shutdown is a common problem on curves .
i was expecting a more baby pink and this is a clear pink .
i bought one of the just wireless car chargers from walmart for about $ 10 and thought i was getting a steal .
the end that plugs into the device , it not at a right angle , it stick out , and when wearing my phone on my waist the wire is being pulled upward .
the smaller design with smaller leds makes it not only functional , but aesthetically pleasing to both touch and sight .
the connection to the phone is now loose enough to make it unusable .
charger works great , and charges your phone really quick !
product quality of this item is very , very poor .
the ipad reached a 35 battery life before the itorch ran out of gas .
i was able to surf , im , and tweet the entire flight .
unlike some of the other reviews , i did not have problems wearing this headset with my glasses .
there 's no annoying bluetooth echo . to sum it up plusses price , size , weight , comfort , pairing , controls , sound quality , range , responsive customer service . negatives requires charging cradle ( one more thing to haul around if you 're traveling ) , no 'fuel guage' to indicate battery life ( red flash comes on , but only when it 's close to dying )
overall this works pretty good . . . it rarely gets confused like a lot of the headsets with only one button do .
this case works perfectly with my zune 120 . i use it with the belt clip .
this works great for my droid x .
you simply place the skin over the phone , plug the charger into the wall , and lay the phone on the charger .
since it is small i would suggest investing in a case for it ( although on the back of the headset integrated into the piece is a 'clip' allowing you to clip it to clothing or whatever when not in use ) . for my purpose i thought a case would be better and more protective .
i highly recommend it to anyone who works out and likes to listen to music without the hassle of headphone cords .
it feels sturdy and solidly built .
you are supposed to stick this sticky plastic circle on your dash ( let it dry ) so you can mount the suction on your irregular dash .
recharges from any usb power source .
the tool works great and because of the shape , it goes in straight and opens the tray with ease . having three of them makes it less likely to lose the tool .
second , if you have it it dragges across the screen and the end of the tool is too wide .
i have a back up battery for my phone and it comes in handy .
fits all my android phones perfectly reaches full charge in about 35 minutes .
i purchased ( 5 ) of these cables from the seller the oem planet . they came exactly as described and they work great .
the armband is a great addition to my workout program .
this is a great way to protect your iphone screen .
both the main button and the volume 'wheel' are very accessible and very responsive .
a plantronics explorer 320 , a motorola h350 , and this plantronics voyager 510 . of the three , the plantronics are superior in comfort and sound quality , and the 510 is outstanding in both respects .
it 's like having a stereo system in one little device .
this little charger works well and it was a lot less expensive than sprint store .
i had been using pocket pouches with blackberry devices for years .
i was going to drop nearly $ 30 on the iphone replacement headphones to use with my ipod touch and blackberry for phone and voip apps , but this headset got excellent reviews so i figured , why not ? the magnets to keep the earbuds together is a great idea .
fits perfect in a pocket , backpack , purse , etc .
just unhook the velcro , and you are ready for a snap . it works by utilizing the tripod socket under the camera .
the fit in my ear was not that great and hurt my ear after a while .
this well priced replacement battery was exactly what i was looking for !
the cables and connectors were of high quality and fit my devices perfectly .
the plantonics voyager 510 now thats a headset can leave a phone thirty feet away and it goes through two walls in that distance .
and i forget it 's there . . . this v3 has superior browser technology , email and text messaging , good camera and great voice record .
i always get the cover with the stand in the back so it could hold when i 'm watching movies or browsing .
it 's really hard to find a cheap quality replacement usb cable .
it just stops transmitting altogether . the funny thing is that for phone conversations , it does work anywhere .
it takes skills to put the film on the screen , and you need dust free condition .
the old dial phones will not dial correctly , they drop numbers .
i purchased it in magenta as well .
reasonably quick charge of the product considering the large capacity .
this feature alone is worth the price !
these chargers will add a couple hours of talk time but not fully charge your phone .
it works , it looks good and thats that .
ou are paying their cost it isnt really a full warranty .
when using my motorola flip bluetooth headset , people always complain .
they sound great , a bit bass heavy , but that is fine .
it works for charging any apple device but when it comes to syncing any data , that can be difficult .
with this unit , i charge two cell phones , my bluetooth headset , two ipods , and i still have room for expansion .
this product makes it very easy to calculate the energy usage on all 110 volt appliances from lamps , dvd players to refrigerators and coffee makers .
however , the clip given has broken without any effort . the quality of the cord and sound quality is good for the price it is purchased .
functionally , as good as any other blackberry holster .
it can accomodate an iphone with a rubberized cover on it . excellent buy .
a proprietary charging interface means one more wire to carry with me . in summary , a great purchase .
the over the ear piece is a not a good fit for my ears .
i was initially leary about purchasing this item due to the extremely low price and to have free shipping also , but i needed a wall charger since motorola only includes a car charger with their wireless car phone speakers .
the best kept secret in cellular is uma on t mobile which let 's your phone make calls via wifi .
paired it with my car 's handsfree link w o problems . 6 . you ca n 't reprogram the center button , always takes you to cingular 's website which costs you $ $ $ . bad idea .
i retained the case part of the assembly an use it with my leather pouch now .
now i have the dreaded black screen of death with motorola flash mode bootloader version boot_c_03 . 08 . 00r_mpap . anytime bloggers start naming how your phone dies its a very bad sign !
it has a battery life indicator on it .
wish it had a mini usb port , but it does come with a standard usb as well as a micro usb port that it can be charged from .
nothing like the original ! ( (
it 's great . i had absolutely not problems whatsoever pairing the headset and keeping it paired .
it 's just a shell doesnt go over my other otterbox plastic cases , so this is useless for me (
the holster protects my phone very well , while still providing easy access .
it keeps my headset in easy reach and not sliding all over the truck .
however , i 'll have to look into a better stylus for drawing perhaps the elago .
when compared to my photon led keychain , it is not as bright .
this is my fourth plantronics 330 . i lost the first one , the rottweiler ate the second one , and with the third one , the terrier chewed off the rubber piece that fits in the ear . blue tooth headsets , i found , are a very personal thing .
the unit can also be used as a hands free headset when connected to your phone .
it does better than most but remote parties still complain .
i ordered this product for my windows surface rt and it works perfectly .
the device comes with a usb a to usb mini b cable ( pretty standard ) and will charge via any usb port .
i was getting rssi of 100 and up and that went to 65 so i am getting a good signal to the usb modem now .
it did have the latest firmware .
it works fine and it fits fine .
the power level display is just a series of lights and i think a percentage read out is better . over all this unit has exceeded my expectations .
earbuds and small charging wires are always getting tangled , making their use more difficult .
i also attempted to make a request on samsung 's service website , which also would not function correctly .
the edges of the case do n 't extend far beyond the front of the phone , so if you drop the phone face down there 's not much protecting it .
i 'm bummed because this is the best headset i 've ever used , but i ca n 't stand it touching my face . i also have theplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headsetwhich i love .
case looks professional and looks great !
take the earbud end and snap the cord into flexible circular cutout at the top and pull them snug .
the other downside is this huge adapter ( ad 50 ) sticking out of the side of your phone .
finally the belt clip holds securely on my belt .
in a quiet room it works fine .
you need to be fairly close to the recieving end of this and everything pretty much needs to flow in one direction . you need to know which general direction the cell tower is and where in the house you want to use the reciever for the cell phone .
you can change tracks and increase decrease volume via the side buttons as well .
she has had several bluetooth headsets and had complaints from callers about voice quality . . . not with this earpiece set .
i have purchased other external battery chargers and have been less than pleased with their performance .
this may just be intrusive marketing by verizon because the charger seems to work as well as any other and it keeps the phone charged when using it for gps directions .
i tried a metal cup and other metal objects but the metal plate works wonders !
it is a little thick to use with a cover such as an otter box .
it seems well made and similar to the cable that came with the factory charger .
no issues with voice or digit dialing . the only drawback i find is the earbud does n 't stay on the earpiece .
i did just that and it works and fits perfectly .
i was expecting a square shape with the usb port on the side ; i got the longer rectangle shape with the usb port on the end . . .
kind of wish it had a magnetic clasp vs the velcro it has but otherwise , it 's a nice leather phone case .
for $ 2 . 99 , you get three screen protectors rapidly mailed to you .
when i got it , it worked but had a hissing and crackle sound .
calls are crystal clear while speaking with another person with a handsfree unit on .
auto shut off after 15 minutes of no blue tooth connect helps save the battery .
being knocked from a table onto the floor , etc .
made well for a noc off , but would n 't fit my daughters arm .
some ear buds are way downin volume , these are right up there with correct loudness .
but , after a few months the leather on the metal clip came apart so only the metal was out , which was tearing up my belt .
i purchased a software tweak called volumecare which slightly amplifies the wimpy sound from the phone , but distorts it as well .
my htc pure wo n 't work with this cable , but it works fine with the original cable comes with the phone device .
i tend to have gps , bluetooth and pandora running when i 'm driving and the motorola charger can kick the stock car charger around in circles .
i love this little gadget that enables me to charge my phone and bluetooth headset at the same time .
i have a protective case over my blackberry and the only way to use the adapter is to remove the case permanently .
this is bad , because the front part of the phone is the one that 's the most fragile ! !
my charger did not fit in the case .
while i am satisfied with the extra usage time , i ca n 't give the satechi a 5 star rating because it comes with no external charger .
best i have used on skype .
i really like this external charger because it has two ports , one of which is capable of charging an ipad .
the pen type slip case that goes in a pocket or clips on a shirt at the neck line is a good idea .
the sound of this headset is excellent , as advertised .
speeds i get range from 50 300kbps with ping times between 150 to 3000 . i was a little disappointed to see that it lacks the necessary lightning grounding for a true roof mounting .
more like 10 . 15 at best .
as with most things in life , there is a trade off .
i have tested many bluetooth headsets .
just irritating to have a small bit of distortion in the phone line .
and love the flashlight laser light feature !
these are useful for messing with eyeglasses , certain electronics gadgets , and firearms .
i like that it charges via usb micro , so i can charge my phone and headset with the same chargers .
i have several car chrgers and this one is my favorite .
i also like that it folds flat for easy carrying in my shirt pocket .
this was not worth the money spent , it worked well but no quality on the design and durability .
when u press the power button u get an option to lock keypad . . .
it protects the phone well , especially on the corners and the screen since it has a rubber edge all the way around the screen that is a few mm taller than the screen .
this thing barely provides a one to one charge .
the c139 is the cheapest model in tracfone 's lineup .
i charge nexus 4 and nexus 7 using this charger when i am traveling or there is no power outlet available .
sometimes if i try to make a call via voice dial , it wo n 't activate the phones voice dial feature like it should when i press the answer end button .
the cover is a nice quality , soft leather that just feels good in your hand .
very light duty only ; if you have a device that requires a 1 amp adapter , then get a better cable .
with the carhome app the screen does n 't turn off unless you do it yourself .
i have a white ipod , which looks like a pasty city dweller who needs a suntan , and this case covers up the white part nicely with a lovely red plastic .
the mini usb output slides away when not in use , which also turns off the charger to save power .
this headset is the second wireless headset i 've bought from sony , the 1st is an rf headset that i 've had for going on 4yrs .
the cord is long and has a small clip on the end to hook the wire around something .
my concern with the spring metal clips was that , with the distinct bottom hook that the plastic clips usually have , cases with simple metal clips ( including those covered in vinyl or leather ) would too easily slip off of my belt .
disappointing but it 's a super cheap cable so . . . . i missed the amazon claim window by 2 weeks but eforcity only covers this for 30 days .
easier to talk to loved ones and do chores at the same time .
i 've been getting about 2 3 hours of talk time on a single charge which while not perfect is adequate for most people . as a small minus , the button to connect disconnect turn on or off takes a bit of getting used to as it feels a bit mushy missing a positive click to confirm your selection . if you 're worried about compatibility , the plantronics website provides a pull down selector for mfg phone to confirm .
this makes it very easy to quickly detach the phone with one hand .
the power access port on the pre is difficult to remove and get out of the way to plug in at times so being able to simple place it on the charger 'puck' is so awesome .
i have owned my iphone 4s for about 3 weeks now , and i first bought a orange speck case .
almost lasts a week with minimal usage ; 2 days with heavier use . battery meter is very inaccurate below 1 2 charge .
pro this bluetooth headset works flawlessly with the iphone 3g . if you ever need to re establish the connection with your phone , just hold down the button on the headset for 8seconds till it flashes . works well if you wear sunglasses or glasses .
the only part of the phone exposed is the trackball .
when it comes to gprs ( data ) , it 's even worse , and the slightest degradation in reception will cause the sidekick to go kaputt .
i might glue some styrofoam at bottom so i do n 't have to visually align it .
were they can just stick a stubby adaptor onto a mini usb ordinary cord that almost every single person has laying around their computer .
this product is dual voltage so no transformer is required when traveling to israel ; only adapters .
nice quality build , unlike some cheap s * * * out there .
i get about 1 full charge on my iphone5 it is advertised to provide 2 3 full charges .
i think it charges quicker than my previous generic car charger , too .
it is very lightweight and compact with a well designed combination storage charging unit .
the noise canceling microphone worked well in that people could hear me but not all the background noise like wind or rain on the windshield .
i reduced this to one star because after daily typical office only use the headphone is starting to crackle and drop audio .
so far it 's wearing well ( not falling apart ) and i like the glossy leather feel of it .
i am using this for my samsung hmx h100 camcorder and perfoms perfectly .
the low rating here is about the speakerphone , not the merchant .
despite the all around coverage , the audio and sync ports are easily accessible even with the case on . the silicone is dense and provides excellent protection .
stays in my ear great without the clip that goes around your ear .
after having used older style rubber tipped stylii , the fabric tip took a little getting used to .
even the high quality polycom ones make you sound like you are in the bathroom . i bought this unit for my home office , and it works great . . . with one small problem .
have yet to have the suction demount .
plugging in 2 powered devices would make them not work . this usb hub i have 4 usb powered hard drives and an external dvd burner plugged in and they all work without any problems !
i purchased this bluetooth because of the color , style and promised functionality .
i 've had several of these and they still work fine but i recently upgraded to a newer design with dual outlets ( one 2 . 1amp , one 1 . 0 amp ) to charge both an ipad and iphone or two phones at the same time .
the quality of the headphones is not top noch , but what can you expect for less than $ 10 including shipping ?
it works , i 'll give it that , and it even came with a nifty little adapter extender for the audio cable , but the image is in triplicate , the main image in the middle , then a ghosted image on both sides .
over the years , my household has tried multiple bluetooth solutions for our hands free communications needs .
it is smooth and soft and warms to the hand , with no rough edges or cold feel that my metal case had .
you can just tell by the feel of it in your hand . although i do n 't see it listed in the specs , mine came with a micro usb cable , a usb male female cable ( new trent calls it a galaxy tab converter cable ) , and a storage bag .
this headset seems to work fine , but the audio quality is nothing to write home about , to the person on the other end of the line you will sound soft and like you are talking on a speakerphone .
i buy a lot of ipod cables .
i was able to use a squeegie like device and get most of them out but the ones that are still there are seemingly magnified due to the mirror surface .
it is an amazing phone , much better , and sexier , than the blackberry phones . just one thing , to fully unlock the phone 's potential , i suggest you get a 4gb or 8gb micro sdhc card .
it is much more sturdy , with the headset resting very comfortably in the charging unit .
charger is so easy to use in my van .
this is the headset i 'd recommend for anyone with the treo 650 .
i bought the boxwave stylus to use with my cruz tablet , which has a capacitive multi touch screen , and to cut down on the fingerprints that touch screen picks up after some use .
then i have to go into the audio settings on the ps3 and re connect it .
most headsets fall off , while this one stays on quite well comparatively .
never had a car charger that lights up after you plug in the phone .
the fix is to plug in the iphone in one usb port and the headset battery in the other usb simultaneously .
the ear attachment and its hinge is made of flimsy loose plastic .
have expensive ipod adapter that worked with my nano 4g .
the profile is thin and does n 't take too much space on your car visor .
the bluetooth adapter that comes with 590a fits very snugly into the ipod 3 . 5 mm audio jack ( unlike many others ) . telescopic microphone is unobtrusive , works well on cell phones and the listeners at other end do n 't complain of poor voice quality . the main drawback of these headsets is their flimsy construction , cheap plastic .
i will definitely use this to charge my phone and ear pieces simultaneously .
there is no static , great at noise cancellation , decent battery life , and comfortable to the ear .
as others have said , the functionality of this headset is very good .
replaced my original sprint car charger for 1 4 th the price .
i could not see a major improvement in signal i was trying to amplify a fringe sprint pcs signal .
and it was n 't sprint service either t mobile and sprint are equivalently bad . 5 ) setup very panful to readjust setup options ringers . overall , i do n 't like this phone at all .
however , if you can live with that , they are the smallest bluetooth headphones out there that i can find , basically a set of earbuds that connect to each other behind the neck .
i did n 't like how easy it was to hit the buttons on the side of the ear phones , so you could accidentally fast forward , re dial , etc .
well . . . . this does have pretty good sound , but , the rigid frame for the yoke is a problem for this guy with a 17 . 5 neck .
it is hard to access the sliding phone lock button since it is hidden deep in the open slot .
i actually lost battery life while running the phone gps with the charger plugged in .
i would recommend it to anyone looking for a universal car charger .
they work just as good as the oem charger and cable for half the price .
defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso defectuoso , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
perhaps the shape of my face and or ear is unusual , but the earpiece keeps pulling away from my ear .
it stays put with the rubberized feet .
i solved this by cutting the button part out with an exacto knife . i have a otterbox style case for this as well but it adds too much bulk to an already large phone so this is my go to case .
convenient place to charge the phone .
i 'm pleased with the quality of the microphone and earpiece .
they flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine .
i used it to fit my phone case and it works fine .
the device apparently will not work with the majority of pocketpcs due to a lack of bluetooth software .
for the money , this is a great buy quality sound very fair price .
sound quality is good for listening to spoken word things , such as tv shows and podcasts .
this works great to keep the wire for the keyboard inside the area of the case where it is more protected .
this was pretty easy to set up and definitely helped improve my iphone reception .
other chargers have a clear transition from charging ( blinking orange color ) to finished ( not blinking , green ) . this charger glows solid yellow while charging and slowly goes to a solid green color at full charge .
they do n 't stay on the phone very well , especially around the edges .
i love the design and the ease with which it plugs into my phone .
the micro is smaller and tends to fit bluetooth ear sets and other small devices ; the mini is usually for portable hard drives . this is the first amzer product i have purchased .
the dingus comes with a plethora of adapters for different devices .
they can play surprisingly convincing rock or classical music at higher volumes ( though i usually listen at low to mid volume ) . i connect to an ipod ( through a jabra bluetooth adapter ) and a motorola phone , which works very well .
the first case i got did have problems with the ltach holding the two pices together , but at this price just bought a second one and it works great .
i 'm only giving 4 stars because the blue led on this charger is too bright .
it dose not take drops really well .
bulky and made of a solid material .
if you hold it at 45 degrees like a pen and push down with more than a light tap , the bubble can squish flat and the edge of the metal tube can hit the display .
makes it harder to press those buttons .
the scanner is slightly higher than one side of the case .
it 's not horribly made , but it does have a design flaw that is practically guaranteed to cause electrical failure .
i was also a little concerned with the risk of scratches since the front of the stand hugs the screen .
with the ipad , it drains quickly but it also charges the ipad fast .
i also own another new trent power pack , but it holds twice the power but is nearly twice the size . . .
light crackling on occasion when 802 . 11b is active in the area , but not terribly noticeable .
they should have included jabra ear gels . while this unit has good technology behind it , the design needs work .
sound quality is just ok , especially for someone like me who is used to around the ear headphones with big drivers .
the ones that hook over my ear hurt me , and the ones that just plug into my ear usually fall out .
reviews are subjective and open to interpretation so the star i subtracted is for the inaccuracies in the photo and description of this product not the product 's performance . i ordered and received a usb data cable with no recognizible brand name although the box is labelled usb data cable mobile accessories and has a logo that reads certified hi speed usb .
good thing its easy do to . the charge time is great and really holds the charge in stand by and talk time .
but it 's not a particularly good cable brand name or not .
it works just as well as a wall charger .
i was able to use the thinner metal piece and it even works through my case ( it is a soft silicone case ) so this makes me very happy .
in any case this s9 works perfectly with my lg voyager from verizon .
to top it off , it has a very cool blue light when it is charging .
the prongs on the back are positioned in such a way as to take up the entire outlet cover , so anything else plugged in has to be removed first .
those with small ears , you might want to find a different style headset
wish i had ordered an extra for the mini usb gps car chargers i have and not have to buy more chargers for micro usb
this is basically a very cheap plastic case . .
i was scared it would add bulk , but its perfectly slim and hugs the phone .
when i charge my phone , it 's chargier .
it comes with three steel plates .
also the lack of noise cancellation and wind noise reduction on the other headsets made them only useful in the office or a quiet car .
if you attach this to your shirt and go jogging , it can ride up and fall down . the forward reverse , next song buttons do not work with the iphone but did work with the palm pre .
love the longer cord on these types of chargers instead of those really short usb based cables .
if you do not mind a loop over the ear then this is the device for you .
sure , the manual is clear , but you need to learn all the various functions of the main button .
i did the testing , just to stock up on a high current charger .
looks nice and has a nice velvet pouch to keep it in .
however , i noticed recently that my devices ( samsung gs4 and nexus 7 ) charged more quickly on some cables than on others , so i installed currentwidget and did a bunch of careful testing . using my phone as an example , it uses 460ma of power to function , and i leave it on while charging .
it also looks very nice . i would not hesitate to try another plantronics bluetooth in the future .
also , i have a droid , and it just so happens that if i squeeze down hard on the side braces , the right one pushes on the camera button of the phone and will sometimes turn on the camera .
this model headset is comfortable , unfortunately , its not as loud as i expected .
the concept of the phone is terrific .
charging via the adapter seems to be slower than normal .
for the phone system i have , this was needed to enable the remote functions of the plantronics cs540 convertible wireless headset .
i will probably add some tacky rubber to the holster rails to keep the phone more firmly in place .
i have other chargers with the mini usb that i can use this adapter with to charge my phone if necessary .
the feature that i really like and appreciate is the abilit to charge my phone with a standard usb cable .
the padding on them makes them very comfortable , something my other headphones lack on the part that goes over the head .
found out the keurig coffee maker pulls more watts at a given time than the cloths iron does .
it 's not an apple item , but it works !
when i plugged in the earphones to this adapter , i was able to hear sound , but when i talked , the person on the other end of the line could not hear me .
plus , it has enough space so that the headset does not switch one when you close the case or press on the case . this case is an absolute necessity if you want to protect your bluetooth headset .
i think that this device puts out about 950 mah , which is adequate for most phones .
it protects the iphone screen but i find it hard to install without creating bubbles under it .
hard to put on and doesnt take away any glare .
apparently , the bluetooth receiver in this thing is n 't very sensitive so it depends on walls to bounce the signal from your player to the headset .
but , it does a great job sitting on the table and holding the headset while charging .
this power cube does not put out the electricity needed for newer tablets or smart phones .
this is a great utility for simplifying some of the most common tasks such as archiving phone numbers and for transferring ringtones and graphics from a computer to the phone using usb , infrared or bluetooth connection . the setup was fairly straightforward and the menus intuitive . i am very satisfied with the product .
it fits the phone and protects it from damage , just as anticipated , but the actual design of the gel cover is n 't the greatest for using the phone .
when plugged in to an outlet , it will support 2 hdds , a external odd , and a printer with no issues .
the 1a ampere rating is perfect to charge the htc evo 4g phone and the price on amazon is so much cheaper than buying a sprint car charger from the sprint store .
the inline volume control and mute is nice , although a bit large and heavy .
it 's patent so very easy to scratch .
i purchased a bunch of tiny 16gb usb flash drives to give away .
it will charge several different devices .
that gives the screen a bad look .
you need to buy the jabra gel earpieces to use on it .
because the ear hook pivot swivel loosened with use to point where it would fall out of my ear .
works great with my sprint touch phone , can skip back ahead tracks , pause and take a call .
this charger will charge your phone . .
i tried connecting it to a spectrum analyzer to check but it does n 't get any signals compared to another cellphone antenna that does receive .
an aluminum carrying case is provided to keep everything together . aesthetics a , it 's a tiny and stylish piece . build quality b , the materials look more solid than they are .
the springs on the side do n 't have much force , though , so this is constantly slipping out of the 12v car port .
other cases pouches shells , even ones that cost 5 times as much as this does with shipping , will not protect your blackberry like this oem case . if i 'd given him the oem case and not that stylish , fancy one , i would not have just spent $ 130 on the insurance deductible .
unfortunately , they did not fit well and came off every time i took the headset off .
it comes in a nice pouch with a cable and 2extra usb ends of different sizes . suggestion in addition to the portable charging , it also has a laserpointer and small led flashlight .
more like 3 right off the charger .
although it probably discharges that quick .
look no further for a quality car charger .
why pay more . . . . works great ! blackberry factory original travel charger non retail packaging black . . . good price and arrived promptly . . . i bought several my husband loses them when he travels !
i would have liked to seen a small volume slider integrated into the mic , similar to koss ke29 earphones ( . . . ) so you can control the volume while your phone sits in the pocket .
the way the headset sits behind your neck is nice accept if you want to lean back or lay back while listening to music .
they let you use regular usb to usb mini cables chargers , etc with a device that has a micro usb port . simple and efficient .
it folds so easy to store in bag or sometimes even in my jacket pocket .
great for music , and as a speaker phone . 2 ) the size fits very nicely in the hand .
i love the discreetness of the headphone , people ca n 't even tell you have headphones on .
it is leather fits the phone well .
what is even more impressive is that i barely feel the weight pressure of the headset in the ear , and usually soon forget that it 's there . the sound quality is the best i have experienced among bluetooth headsets .
the last bluetooth device i owned had poor reception .
this case is a perfect fit for the phone .
the new trent battery pack is lightweight and small , and works easily and well .
quality is as good as the original and is narrow enough to fit into the opening of the body glove case .
shipped in really quick and does its job very well ca n 't ask for more for the price plus the glow blue motorola symbol is a win .
not only do i love the quality of boxwave products but i love the look of these cases .
i had this bluetooth for four days .
the itorch charges up quickly and was able to charge my new samsung galaxy s3 from about 15 battery life to full charge three times before needed to be recharged itself .
using it i got a mid range signal there .
it is easy to check the battery level by depressing the two buttons on the device and observing the number of red flashes for remaining power .
i love this little adapter for my android phone .
i actually do reduce volume on the headset because it has more volume potential than i need .
a bonus feature to this extra battery is the inclusion of a laser pointer and led flashlight , both work exactly as expected .
this power port adapter ( power port formerly known as prince , oops , i mean cigarette lighter ) will charge both my phones and both my tablets .
my tab does not recognize the high power port and will either charge while off or use power while on , it will not charge while powered on .
it fits well , and it feels thick and slick enough where light stratches wont penetrate it .
i really do like this headset .
i have two external chargers that i plugged my spare batteries into and my captivate battery charged much faster then my infuse battery ( they both were completely new needing a full charge ) . so it works however its taking 7hrs or more to fully charge my spare batteries .
i use uncle mike 's tactical belts at home casually and work .
i think the looks and comfort of this headset are phenomenal .
best way to protect your i phone !
because i 34 ; hate 34 ; wires dangling from my windshield , i have my gps hard wired through my headliner .
the hue is definitely gorgeous , and is a bright teal in color .
connection quality is contingent with your cellular connection quality .
singlebutton simplicity . the 1 amp nature of the device limits its charging focus to singlesmartphones , or perhaps an ipad overnight , but that 's not what it wasdesigned for .
i used the latest driver from the thinkoutside website .
this was n 't a big deal to me . if you have similar needs usage expectations , this headset will work well with the treo 650 .
they work great but when using the buttons on the headphones it feels like they could fail at any given time .
get the real samsung case and save yourself the headache .
i ca n 't believe that such a cool looking headset works so well and is so easy to operate .
i pressed the status button on the satechi ( which is supposed to briefly light the indicators so you can see how much juice you have left ) and nothing . . . no lights at all .
i prefer to use it without the clear over the ear loop .
i tried this one after striking out on a solar powered speaker system .
indicator light shows when it 's on .
do n 't get me wrong the h3 looks good and sleek but it gives too much feed back .
it did not cost much and charges my iphone .
not sure if it 's the phone or the headset .
maybe all bluetooths have a pretty low maximum volume .
unlike other usb charging sync cables i 've purchased , this one actually works for syncing .
yes , it fits perfectly . 1 . the material is very high quality .
i does the job just as well as a thick corded device .
even the blue light makes it look fancier !
this morphia case was too small for my phone had to send it back . it was nice but did not fit .
and even though i have a total of 3 towers within a 10 mile radius and will map as a peak service area , cell service went from 1 2 bars to no bars .
but this hd version of this headset definately sounds better than the older none hd version . will not work if you lean back in a chair or if you lean you neck back against head rest in a car .
there are cutouts on the right side for the volume rocker and the top and bottom are fully exposed .
it worked perfectly for my htc phone to open the sim card slot opener and no damages .
the krusell is by far as close as i 'm going to get , and it 's even better aesthetically , given the beautiful supple leather . that suppleness , while pleasing to the hand and eye , keeps it from being a five star item , however .
it charged my iphone and my ipad on one charge of the battery pack .
it looks good but really adds nothing and it 's easier to charge direct from the transformer plug , or via the aforementioned usb . overall a stunning earpiece , not as cumbersome or ugly as the jawbone style of earpiece , and the clarity is equal to the more high end pieces , if not better . 4 stars because of the funky carry case charger and the high price .
this headset would not stay in my ear no matter how hard i tried .
this is a great multi bluetooth headset use it with my htc xv6800 and zumo 550 its all great
voice quality and wind noise seem to be acceptable .
this cord takes about twice as long to charge my ipad 2 in comparison to my oem cable .
i struggle every time , trying to get it in my ear and to have the little over the ear piece fit right .
this cable arrived in timely fashion and perfect shape .
i have the casecrown glide and it doesnt mess with this shield at all like it does on others .
although this is a motorola charger , it works great for my droid incredible .
it works great and charges my droid 2 very quickly .
these belt loops fit great on my belt and so does the clip .
the clip works great to hold it on pants , belts etc .
these are not sports headphones and are not water resistant .
the older hub still works fine so i just use the adapter so i can run usb 3 . 0 hard drives with a tv android mini pc .
no , but it shows me that the designers at new trent payattention to details that make products stand out .
the only issues at the gym i have is on the seats of the machines or on a bench the back part of the bluetooth bumps against it pushing the headset out of my ears . i am happy with this headsets but there are many new and better style headsets out there now .
email was great on it , videos , pictures , music , typed up work for school and loaded it up to microsoft word even use powerpoint , google maps , yahoo messager , was n 't big on blackberry messager the dual led flash can be used as a flash light it really really bright flipped burgers at night in the dark with the light .
the case is a great value and works perfectly .
but it 's well worth the price . note that in order to get the holes to line up right , i had to put the volume control side of the phone in the case first , then stretch the case over the power button side of the phone .
the edges do not apply properly around the corners of iphone 3g .
we bought a phillips dual screen dvd player for our car and wanted to use the second screen with my wife 's 60gb ipod video . these cables work perfectly and allow us to use the ipod for video while traveling ( way better than carrying around dvds ) with the tiny phillips monitor .
no damage to phone but case split apart and shot across the room .
this headset fits so comfortably on my ear and i especially like that i can use either ear .
i only trust htc accessories for htc phones having bad luck with aftermarket products that are cheaper , but cheap is expensive .
just the nature of the beast , i suppose .
it feels nice not like cheep plastic . it takes my iphone 4s and my jawbone bluetooth device at the same time and charges them just as you would expect . the reviews on some of the compact designs did not fill me with confidence .
this is not a case that provides ultimate protection .
my husband loves his new otterbox .
i was able to copy my sim card address book over easily .
the virgin mobile device has the antenna outputs on the sierra wireless , but an external antenna it is not supported .
if you ca n 't find importer520 , check their seller feedback before purchasing .
this bluetooth headset functioned well enough , but i found it very uncomforable and bulky .
also is also another minor problem . . . there are no 2 color leds to show charging or fully charged .
got this for my so n 't nokia 's 5800 and works fine with an igo charger anywhere unit .
although i had to look at the commands for working the volume , etc . it comes with a case , and the case also doubles as a charger !
cable works perfectly fine it is about 3ft long .
this is more of 28 . 8 speed . no background wallpaper because of the deaktop icons , background image is n 't availableoverall . . . positive outweigh the tiny negatives by a ton .
however , this headset does nothing to impress me .
luckily i had an in ear ear gel from my older jabra earpiece , and with that it fits like a charm .
it showcases the ingenuity of american engineering when you see the qwerty keyboard hidden underneath on this lightweight ( 4 oz . ) cell phone .
do not work out with these !
they come with 3 different sized rubber pieces for a customized fit .
product presentation mail accuracy what you see is what you get .
but i can say unequivocally that the touchscreen on the 5800 works extremely well .
the at t ; employee was nice enough to install my first screen protector and i proceeded to buy a plastic holster from the att t ; store .
the device will cancel out some wind noise , but not entirely .
it works perfectly with very true sound and easy to pair to my phone .
this causes the eyeglasses to rest lop sided .
charges the motorola droid x with out problem , even with the gps wifi and bluetooth on .
this gives my phone a couple charges and a couple charges to my bluetooth headset .
seriously bluetooth , ir , good phone book features , nice color display ( though it washes out if you are using polarized glasses ) . however , i get much weaker signals ( and call quality ) on this phone vs .
the sliding boom mic made a big difference . the downfall of this model , as other reviewers have also written , is that the rubber tips that hold the headset on your ear break off with time .
the audio has static and you ca n 't really get a good listening experience with this adapter .
i finally had to part with it , along with my old moto razor , and replaced with a jawbone ii and a moto droid .
i had a generic charger and it did n 't shut off when charged .
over time , as sweat accumulated on the foam covers it lost its softness .
i then tried a not retractable cable that was pretty thick and the static was gone and the sound was a lot better .
unless your receiver has bluetooth built in , you 'll need a transmitter .
as long as you have a 2 . 5mm socket , you 're in business .
it works very good with my stereo . ) i bought a plantronic 260 for my stereo .
this is a nicely manufactured product , looks good , fine build quality .
the sound quality is awesome , especially when compared to the multiple various ear bud type of headsets .
it eliminates most of the background or wind noise .
the amazon seller antonline not exactly a speedy rabbit . now i have to figure out how not to lose this device .
wife loved it as the razr thin phone craze took over .
the hs820 has much more volume and even seemed to fit on the ear a little better .
i had particular difficulty with the 5 way directional button .
i was able to improve that someone with setting changes , but it still picks up significa n 'tly more than just the handset . 2 ) it suffers from interference with other bluetooth devices .
no charge ) more good news i discovered that one of my old jabra gelcaps fits really well and it 's more comfortable to wear than the official earpiece . this headset is the only one i 've owned ( 5th one ) that my mother had no complaints about hearing me .
charges me up all the way .
yes it 's blocky and wo n 't stow well in a flat carrying case . i have two solutions store it in a separate location ; or recycle an old , unused , fat sunglass style zipper case the zipper kind designed for somewhat fat sunglasses ( i used an old bausch lomb case ) . i pulled out the central nose piece block to make room for the touch and the accessories .
the microphone performance is better than any other bt 'stereo' headset i 've used in noisy environments ( i 've used in the past sony ericson and itech ) , but the noise reduction still is not good enough to have a normal voice volume conversation when in a moderate street noise environment .
just ok did not work well all apples
this is a decent bluetooth headset . static , in general , is tolerable , unlike many of motorola 's other ( and pricier ) headsets . however , the volume level is far too low .
i do like this headset phone , however it did n 't work with my current cisco phone system , looks great and will come in handy for someone who needs dial , answer and cordless speaking capability .
the browser makes all website and email text into a standard font , so you get text that is large enough to read even if a website is not responsive .
you pull back the flap on the back of one of them and you plug in the charger .
the case pouch with the phone in it , fits comfortably in pants pockets .
and using aaa batterie gives me lots of flexibility .
all bluettoth headsets are guilty of this gaffe .
i mount it under dash board close to car stick on my toyota camry xle .
the sidekick 2 has a better form factor than the competitors such as treo 600 610 and blackberry offerings .
works with lg optimus g ( lg e970 )
i used it to connect a digital cam with a flat screen .
works perfectly for my psp 3k .
a bit tough to put on .
just do n 't understand why they do n 't make them like earbud headset .
it 's the sleeve that 's the problem enough for me to knock 2 stars off . i understand why you need to use the included rubber sleeve , but i love the other one that i had been using http www . amazon . com casecrown iphone polycarbonate slim black dp b002zukyju ref cm_cr mr title .
the phones fit snugg , but a bit tight .
it 's a fine headset from a technical perspective the sound is fine , it 's easy to pair and use , etc .
this will make a space between your cheek and the boom so people can hear you !
the only drawback i have with this particular product is , unlike my itruck , it does not come with an ac charger for its micro usb port or a dock connector to usb cable to charge your ipad .
this is perfect for that . the jabra is wonderful .
some observations 1 ) if the signal is fairly strong without the booster , the booster * seems * to actually slow down data transfer speeds .
i hate the extra thickness with cases that fully encloses the phone . comes with the rubber case , screen protector , card to squeeze out bubbles while installing the screen protector , and micro cleaning cloth .
provides a good degree of transparency .
overall not bad , very small light weight , fits in ear comfortably .
the in ear design does a decent job of shutting out outside noises , the mic boom can extend to enhance voice pickup .
with tpu cases it 's usually a hit or miss .
the size of it , 4 inches , is perfect in my hand , not too long .
i was tasked by my office manager to purchase some headsets to make our office calls easier .
i like that the silver lining is showing with this cover .
also phone was just bouncing around loose in box no internal packing .
while in fiji i decided to take a kayak out with my camera inside this 'waterproof' case .
when i lock the keypad , i still sometimes hear tones when the keypad is pressed and the display lights up .
this case was shipped very quickly .
it charges up very quickly and one up !
there is apparently no power regulation built in .
the leather was supple and the felt like lining protected the clear screen . and then one day , i struck my hip against a handrail and the clip broke off .
the touchstone back and charger work perfectly , as expected .
works smoothly and syncs and charges my blackberry curve 2 . very cost effective solution for my needs .
i later decided to replace the whole callpod adapter with a powered usb hub .
using the headphones is quick and easy , no more tangled cables and mess .
it is just way too tight for my galaxy note 2 with a slim case attached .
but why , oh why , does this dual charger come with only one charger cord ?
the clamp opens and closes easily and holds the phone securely even with the phone in a case .
there 's a groove in it for the wire that goes between the two speakers and that groove sometimes digs into my ear .
i have to use a 2 way pager for work , and instead of carting around a cell phone and bulky pager , i now just have this one small item .
moreover , a handy feature ( controlled by options you can choose on the phone settings ) can automatically shift the bold to clock mode when it is charging .
it fits in my front jeans pocket easily .
with only one microphone , it can not do noise cancellation .
they fit my ear canal perfectly , negating the need for the ear loop that came with it .
the color , feel , and has a strong hold to my phone .
but c 'mon people , us geeks who use bluetooth headsets are the same geeks who have wireless home networks .
there are n 't too many aftermarket car chargers out there that can charge the htc one .
no one makes a belt clip case for the iphone 5 , probably because apple hipsters are too cool to wear their phones on their hips .
it took only seconds to set up .
even with this cover on and folded back , i can still mount ( barely ) the phone on an older phone mount with suction cup in my car with the cover flap folded around to the back .
the dual charger belt clip is an interesting idea , but seems to be poorly executed .
this product * was comfortable * functioned as advertised * had good battery life * was loud enough * had good outgoing sound ( based on comments of those who called ) * was fragile the stem between the battery compartment and earpiece brokethe poor durability is my biggest concern .
i know it 's just a car charger , but i love the blue light .
due to my usage , i have no comment on the audio quality or useability with mobile phones .
this charger i use all the time to charge my phone not even that but my nexus 7 ! as you know nexus 7 needs to have alot of battery charging power to charge a powerful device
now you 've got this foot long thing dangling from the bottom of your camara .
the other two work just as well as apple 's .
and all of them fits nice .
it got a lot of static noise .
very easy to hear the person on the other line .
just remove or bend pin 1 on the diagram below , which is the pin closest to the diagonal corner of the usb port .
it fits in the car charger and the motorola logo lights up when it is plugged in .
the magnet sucks the device to it 's special dock area and a pleasant tone confirms that the device is charging .
very inexpensive and seems to fit very well .
remember tap to accept , tap to disconnect ! bells and whistles comes with a case about 1x1x3 that stores it and also has a battery and charges it during storage .
no problem with swiping or drawing , but the static tip often feels like it 's about to fall off .
it is not always convenient to charge our electronics in a wall socket .
at first , i did n 't look at the directions and just stuck the gray rubber ear piece end as far as it would go .
first came in d . o . a . , second worked but blue indicator light did not function .
i used the s9 only for imac computer .
its great mostly because i love jelly covers !
this charger works really well , in fact it works perfectly with my incredible .
it 's so handy . seems to hold the headset pretty securely .
the otterbox case for the nokia e71 is perfect for the phone .
had a terrible time pairing . but the tight grabbing at the neck fit was totally un acceptable . exchanged for the jabra halo bt650s set and have loved the jabra halo 100 .
it has a sleek style , and i like the blue light that glows when the charger is powered .
pros good sound quality for each side of the conversation .
i set the voice commands using the headset and it works .
it makes for a difficult fit .
i can setup my smart phone for gps using charger power source with plenty of wire .
this headset did not work out of the box for my situation .
i carry my plantronics voyager pro in it and a retractable micro usb cable for when i 'm on the go .
this device works just as described .
perfect for those cases that is hard to fit . . like otterbox and speck !
but i fixed it with a sharpie . .
pretty good for ipad 3 as well .
but just to emphasize , you must reposition the clip on the holster 's loops as previously mentioned . . .
just your run of the mill micro usb cable .
my ear is well within normal range of size and shape , but was bent out of shape by the headset . on the positive , wind noise and lost connections common criticisms of other bt headsets was not a problem here .
its ok s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s sssssssssssssssssssss sssssssssss ssssssssssss sssssssssss s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s sssssssssssssss
i wish they were slightly less slim because the ca n 'ted boot on the microusb end is off centered as you can see in the pictures .
i 've tried external battery chargers that take 2 aa batteries , but with the latest batch of electronics they just do n 't seem to have enough current to charge these devices .
they may not conform to whatever the latest hdmi transfer standard is , but for normal everyday viewing with a $ 300 hd camcorder attached to a 720p lcd television , i am satisfied .
this antennae matched with the sleek booster exceeded my expectations for strengthening a weak cell signals where i often find myself .
i put the headset in my piece and bent the second piece .
you need the power cube with a backup battery . apple does not support the external power cube , it requires the 34 ; power door 34 ; search it on amazonthe product works great , i am very happy with it .
but for general istening and where i am not expecting to hear synphony hall quality , they are great .
you will need suction cup and very small philips screw driver ( magnetic helps a lot ) other than that the kit is complete and works well .
the headphones would not power on .
i have tried way too many bluetooth headsets ( motorola , plantronics , io gear , logitech , jabra ) and found most to be disappointing .
additionally the daily removal of the bottom portion to use in my docking stations has worn down the clips that keep it connected to the upper part .
this is the exact item listed on the samsung website with a $ 20 list price .
some sounded tinney , and all carried lots of road noise .
it does increase the size of the phone and gives it a no slip grip which is perfect for me .
the instructions have you push the appropriate voice dialing button your phone to get things going .
the controversy over the wireless aspect has led to a device title name that is now impossible to knock as deceptive .
it really holds a lot of juice . pros stylish outfit , with a led light built in , which can function as a flashlight .
i use a cell phone in my home office all day , and i need a headset that sounds very natural and as close to a land line sound as possible .
when connected to a plug , sure , it worked nicely enough .
this was a very nice bluetooth headset until i lost it .
buy a single charger , and it accommodates a variety of swappable charger form factors ( i also purchased charging tips or an ipod nano and my phone ) . add an igo ps00272 0001 power splitter , and you get the flexibility of being able to charge two devices at the same time .
definitely . ( although if i could find a little earbud bluetooth headset , i 'd like to try that . ) )
i tried to charge my moto q in my car ( while using a bt headset ) and i had to cover the charger with my coat . i ended up buying a noname made in china charger for less than half the price , it has a screw on battery cover and a red led rather than these super bright blinking blue ones .
i use my outlook exchange , gmail , and yahoo on the phone and love the email management .
solution take the back cover off the phone then put it in the case .
it comes with two screen protectors .
i also highly recommend reading the section of the user guide ( available online and on the cd boxed with the phone ) that covers shortcuts ; it will make using the phone a whole lot easier .
the audio is very soft of this headset .
the plastic two piece holder which you place your phone in does n 't connect tightly , feels real loose over the phone before placing it in the rubber outside protection price .
i can have it docked and displaying gps information with the screen at full intensity while on a phonecall using my bluetooth headset , and this charger does the job . pros powers the most amp hungry devices without a hiccup .
it 's very compact ( 3 . 4 x 1 . 9 x 0 . 8 ; 3 . 8 ounces ) , and it has weight when it 's in your hand . as for features . . .
it fits like a glove , all features and functions of the iphone work seemlessly with the case on , and it protects everything !
the only thing that could make it cooler would be some kind of retractable lightning cable for charging an iphone or droid .
unfortunately duracell 's mygrid is the stuck in the flood of the past ; still using connectivity to charge devices albeit in a clunky , ugly , inconvenient way . for some reason i had in my head that the unit would utilize a tiny little dongle that would contain all the components needed to charge your phone .
it costs a fraction of the price charged by at t ; ( $ 29 . 99 ) , apparently for the same product .
one became defective and no longer works for charging or syncing .
this will allow you to store as many symbian apps as you want .
this is my fourth bluetooth headset , and * finally * i have one that actually works consistently !
this backup is a nice size for portability .
this is a nice looking piece that works well .
not much to say , but this is an oem motorola charger , good quality and very cheap .
i like the convenience of blue tooth and wireless , but our family keeps coming back to this top quality wired headset for sound quality .
the motorola phone tools 4 . 0 software worked perfectly with my razr v3 phone .
but i am pleased with the both items , even if it is clunky using two adapters together . the adapter itself works great and is handy when connecting to an external speaker or stereo .
for now , for me , this is n 't the right cell phone charger .
thanks for the quick delivery time .
which proves the connectivity and continuity in the cable or connectors sucks big time .
i looked at corded headsets , cordless , and a variety of brands , but this unit kept coming up with high praises . the clarity is great , and it has a variety of volume ( macro and micro ) for both the mic and earpiece .
the flashlight thing seems a bit pointless , but i do like the power switch , to turn the outflow on or off .
also , they could increase the capacity to 7000 mah .
the cord is a little thinner than my oem htc cord that came with my g2 , but still look to be decent quality .
they are not adjustable for size but they me fit well and the pressure on the ears is not too great .
i 've had this for about 1 1 2 months and the little loop on the backside has broken off .
enter in the otterbox defender case .
plantronics is fantastic in their acceptance of returns through their on line process , and they even will give me a voyager 520 instead of replacing again the discovery 925 i 'm returning .
the earpiece on the 700lx , unlike the base 700 , has a much stiffer wire for custom fit .
this is the perfect replacement for your g1 . the case is about half as big as the seido innocell and it fits the innocell battery .
however , i doubt very seriously this is an samsung oem item .
the zipper closure works smoothly and keeps the headset secure .
i also made the default volume 75 on my phone .
i did find that if my music player is placed in line of sight within 6 8 inches of the headset , it works uninterrupted .
the button snap is a huge advantage vs a magnetic flap .
this is intended to allow the sensor to differentiate between your voice and the background sounds .
the plantronics hl 10 was not only much less expensive , it works flawlessly and was easy to install .
the keys are marked with several shortcut functions to launch tasks or apps . this is a great item for anyone who wants a lightweight substitute for traveling with a laptop .
i also like that it 's retractable and has a cool blue light .
while this cable is very flexible pliable at room temprature my guess is that slightly below freezing conditions in my car stiffend the black outer layer of plasting leading it to breaking .
recently switched from a blackberry 8830 which uses a mini usb port to a bb storm which uses a micro usb .
so your immages become like pictures printed in non glossy paper . not so shiny , but also not reflective of external light sources . i love it .
i liked it , it was useful and good quality while listening to music , just did not like much when using it to answering the phone .
sometimes i 'll carry a three position mat when traveling .
for the car , i already had a double usb charger , and this cable replaced my iphone cable wonderfully .
this battery charger is a excellent solution as back up power , especially for traveling .
battery life went down to minutes . dealing with motorola support was a nightmare .
the four led lights that display capacity are not very accurate .
in addition , the speaker system does not support volume control from your bluetooth device so you must adjust the volume from the speaker itself .
being free of connecting wires seems wonderful , i must admit .
this headset arrived promptly and looked to be in good shape .
that set up worked and really really increased my rig .
maybe i should be happy i got 2 years , after looking at some of the reviews for any bluetooth music player hands free mic device .
you can use it with the duracell usb backup battery so you have power on the go ! ! .
this product works great in my camry .
its also cool that it can run off a regular usb so you can power the booster off a laptop when a plug in power source is not available .
with the new cellular products all coming with the micro usb connector , many of us need an adaptor for our car chargers or other connectors .
the limit battery capacity of the pixi might require this for most folks .
on the package you will find an american flag .
love the battery life , look and size , but have found the sound inferior to my bottom of the line hs 805 . frequent static . and then the topper whenever it is on , the blue light on the side blinks .
this thing is handy , as i tether it to a usb mini patch cord , so i can charge my droid ( micro ) , my tablet ( mini ) , or any other device that charges via mini or micro usb .
perfect was looking for a usb charger that did not have a detachable usb cord , works great and was real samsung oem .
does not work with iphone 3gs at all .
perfect fit gets two to three days life .
i wear a 7 3 4 hat size and this pair is perfect . sound quality this is a mixed review for sound .
schosche support was extremely nice and helpful and the wait time was just a couple of minutes .
this is an excelent usb port it has the option for it 's power . ether pluged in an a c outlet or power from your device 's nice option
you should first buy the touchstone kitpalm pre touchstone kitwhich includes the back panel and one dock . the confusing thing for many is powering the puck , as this dock does not include any cables . the instructions state that you should not connect this dock to the usb port on your computer .
the idea of a premium plastic film is a bit odd , isnt' it ?
i like the fact that the company has swedish roots and uses better quality leathers .
i have an 8gb card . i also have the n79 which is absolutely amazing as well and i am saving up for the n97 . . . see a pattern here ? )
i hate cases that cover up the power buttons and volume rocker .
the newtrent power pack would be great for outdoorsmen that need to take their cell phones with them , or high drainage users that are away from a plug in power source .
not good protection for an iphone .
beware in direct sunlight and florescent lighting its difficult to see screen .
the diversity of the feedback clearly indicates that they are not all selling the same thing .
this charger works excellent for my evo and the wife 's evo shift .
a cheap solution when compared to replacing expensive earbud headsets .
the compilot is awesome , except that increasing the sound does so by increasing the hearing aid volume .
these stickers work like the review says they do .
this generic cable takes several hours to charge my phone .
recommend for those on a budget or who need a permanent home charger . sincerely , isklcndykid
note that on occasion when charging my blackberry the unit produces a device ca n 't chargefrom this source message .
of course the holster meets all the normal requirements of a swivel belt mount , large overflap , and rugged design .
for this price , it certainly beats purchasing an apple branded charger !
no protection is offered for the face at all .
i am switching to another case that covers more of the iphone . just a side note about rubber iphone cases i do n 't like the feel of the rubber cases at all they feel weird in the hand .
thin materiel would not last long , inexpensive looking .
i find that the pull of the cord ( because it is short ) makes it harder to talk while the phone is connected to the cord .
they would maintain my phone battery .
case did not protect the front of the phone and it made the back square instead of rounded fits in holster well but i did not like the feel on the phone i sent it back
i was able to put my iphone 3gs with its speck candy shell into the case .
my favorite car charger so far !
see my review on the samsung oem charger for more details . the charger quickly powers your phone and looks good while doing it .
first unlock the screen , than touch the answer key .
i really like the flexible wire that connects both sides together , unlike the motorola set that had a rigid connection that also put the bulk of the unit behind your neck . . .
the 600s just kept breaking ) . it is a dramatic improvement and i love it . the screen is now high res and looks incredibly clear , the bluetooth works wonderfully with the wireless jabra headset .
soft enough not to mar the surface of plastic but hard enough to do the job .
the ac adapter is oem but the cable i received was aftermarket .
this stilus pen for any iphone 3 4 is just great for accurately typing without making mistake while using your fingers .
it works with usb charging cables to recharge your devices .
i was thrilled to find an extremely comfortable in ear bluetooth that had great sound .
you can also use it to dial by contact name by pressing the green call button .
there are included in the package 3 different size rubber tips to fit different ear sizes .
it has a padded front cover which is especially nice .
easy to recharge and good to have as a battery topper on hand when traveling . if you do n 't expect it to recharge your tricorder 's dilithium powersource , it works just fine for the 21st century gadgets . . .
i had bought mine through verizon with a 25 corp .
this holder is long enough that my phone is within easy reach and view .
the discovery 655 seemed to fit the bill .
you will definitely not be able to jog or move any faster than a power walk with this on . 2 ) volume buttons are loose and feel cheap , although the main function button is fine . 3 ) near the end of its charge audio quality suffers greatly very static y and cuts in and out . 4 ) wish the audio alerts also work for text messages , alarms , etc .
it means his needs of charger his phone .
well the golden rule always works you get what you paid for .
i have tried 2 other real iphone cords and have had no trouble syncing .
the docking charger is a great feature instead of some corded charged laying around looking like all the other chargers around the house .
one i use for my bluetooth and the other i use to carry earbuds .
great grip , great style , gerat durability , great price !
the white usb cords works better in my opinion .
i especially liked the fact that it had three different ear buds to accustom its users , but the part that went around the ear became annoying at times .
the string is about as thick as fishing line .
it is the size of a 90 's era portable cd player and the exact same form factor .
the cable is sturdy , but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff , which makes charging and operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle .
i must agree with gary tuscon 's review .
you simply slide off the bottom part of the case .
in theory . what you have instead is a semi circle nub that attaches to your phone ( or device ) either permanently ( through adhesive tape ) and therefore makes your device larger with the weird nub sticking out .
i got this because i have two universal car adapters without a usb cable for my samsung galaxy sii .
the case is as advertised ; leather , with a good fit for the iphone 3g .
this is the only charger i 've found that will accept the sm 1 battery that the b . b . 9000 uses .
the back piece is not leather , it 's synthetic and bad quality material .
i still had the usb to wall plug converter and this has worked great .
short story i 've been using sony ericsson bt set on win xp pc with skype .
great for navigation and listening to pandora .
and one of the best soft cases i have ever tried .
but the swivel earpieces are ridiculous .
one stays at home by my nightstand with my two position mat .
i wanted to use a wireless headset and voip to make international calls , mostly from hotel rooms .
a micro usb connector version would be nice as well although the tiny motorola mini micro cable works .
the silicone is smooth and feels really good in the hand , and the nubbly surface and high corners make for a nice , secure grip when you 're holding the phone .
this means this cord will work with any of the current audio devices you have that have a standard 3 . 5mm jack .
i upgraded my phone to a iphone with at t ; , it was even worse .
when mine arrived , it was in little pieces all over the inside if the plastic bag they shipped it in .
it looks really nice . the phone comes with quickoffice so can read and edit word , excel and powerpoint files , if you need to open the new version of this type of files you can get a free upgrade from nokia so you can open office 2007 files . really nice phone with multitasking of all apps not just a few .
i am not technical enough to talk about dual mics and special electronics and software .
if you try to use both , it is almost impossible to remove the note 2 from the reiko as it becomes stuck due to the tight fit .
negative the case gets stuck in pocket and peels off of the phone .
the motorola power adapter charges my droid with the 1800mah battery in 30 min . . .
this headset was purchased for my wife .
do n 't pay the carrier prices ( $ 20 $ 30 ) for a car charger .
i dropped my phone , it landed on one of the corners , and it bounced !
my iphone 5s fits snugly into the holster .
kudos to the seller for that .
it 's comfortable and really does a great job of noise canceling .
a bit more of a plastic feel than i expected . .
i thought this was useful to store my purple bluetooth .
the silicone skin , cable , and wall charger all work great .
it 's as though it were actually designed to grip the screen like a race car tire .
not all the cutouts , just the charging port , speaker , camera , and top microphone .
has the weight , design and feel of a pen , which is nice with the pen clip and all .
this motorola charger charges all of them without any problems .
small size makes it easy to carry in a pocket .
as i 've only just received the adapter , i cannot speak to durability .
do not buy stuff from sold by the oem shopthey mailed me 2 different cable and both damage !
so unless you have some monster sized skinned outer case on your iphone 4s or 5s phones this will fit your phone fine .
if i go into another room , there will be a drop off , but it reconnects once line of sight is re established . with the ipod bluetooth adapter , all of the features work volume control , play pause song forward backward .
small and stylish but large enough for most bluetooth .
fits perfectly , except you have to use your nail to do the on off switch .
the magnet in this case seems larger than the marware and holds well . overall i am extremely happy with the looks and the price of this product compared to the marware version .
looks like the originals at first , but after a month or two the cable joints start coming off , exposing the inner wires at the junction of the wire and the plugs .
i never have issues with background noise , static , or range .
the cut out opening was too small for the power button , there was also an extra cut out for no reason .
cable connects directly to phone allowing you to use the nokia phone tools , contact management and even usb mass storage .
this one was supposedly samsung oem so i ordered it . the cable works fine .
fits well on my at t galaxy note .
any1 that 's had bluetooth stereo headset knows how bad they sound and these are no exception .
the battery life also shortens significa n 'tly during the 1 year warranty with moderate use .
i like a sideways phone holster better than a vertical one too .
the dual mic and boom set up seems to really make the difference . i do n 't get the other review 's caveat about beards .
my treo 650 is very finicky but it works pretty well with the jabra .
while it does perform the task , it does it about as well as a transistor radio . the headset is comfortable .
pros real samsung charger . nice build qualitysleek lookingcons slower rate of charge 700mah ( not the 1a or 2a ) green led is annoying and very brightafter 6 months of heavy use it stops charging if the phone wiggles in my hand .
i have n 't had any problems with these and they work great with my two and three position mats .
heavy duty box for and outdoors person . is moisture resistant and has saved my phone from moisture damage at least twice . the clear cover sticks to your phone screen giving an oily contact appearance .
it 's fine for natural indoor lighting and great at night but in the harsh sun light you ca n 't read a thing .
the screen protector is a good fit for the iphone 3g and adheres well offering the protection desired .
my wife has broken her iphone screen three times .
i was able to pry the top glass of my phone off by using the tools provided in the kit .
i was shocked that the sprint store was selling car chargers for $ 30 such a rip off !
i get between 8 12 hours of use per charge . note this will only work with headsets that support the a2dp profile .
the noise cancellation was pretty good , but sometimes produced boomy artifacts while i was driving . ( maybe from trying to cancel some wind noise when the sunroof was open ?
i wonder why its called power bear . .
may want to ask your it person before ordering .
i already had one that is essentially identical , except my old phone ( motorola v5510 has a different sytle adapter than the razr , which uses a 'mini usb' . this product is inexpensive , does exactly what it says , which is charges the phone in a car using the auto 's power cigarette outlet , and it comes with a cute little motorola 'm' insignia which lights up bloue during use .
none of them worked with the mike in my headset ( which does work as i 've tested it with both an iphone and a pc ) . candidly , i despise samsung 's use of proprietary port that is used for both charging the phone and connecting a headset .
the hs850 is a better designe here , but thats the only one up the 850 has on this headset .
using this headset , i usually use just 1 3 of the max volume !
i have had over 15 and i was really interested in the dual speaker for clarity and pick up .
they also use a omni directional microphone which picks up everything .
there are two vent holes in the back of the case that allows dust to enter and potentially cause scratches .
i ca n 't even hear the tv that 's on because these ear buds work like earplugs almost .
noise canceling is by far the best feature .
light still comes on but it wo n 't charge anything .
the charger is nice design , works well in the car , and also a reputable name of motorola .
excellent item and is an official blackberry case .
i got it perfectly centered and every edge of the case was bubbled up because it was overlapping the silver bezel .
they are cheap but useful for attaching to small drives so they are easier to find .
i have a black phone and the white cover makes it look so cute .
by far , these headphones are better due to their over the ear design , allowing the headphones to sit comfortably on the user 's ears , and not block out external noises .
the case is pretty inflexible , so when i took the case off , it also pulled off the back of the phone .
works great , easy to install , stays firm .
the case is approx 1 1 2 d x 3 1 4 l x 1 1 2 w .
this smartphone has everything required for a practical use of email , e mail account wizards settings are very easily to use , and with the ovi suite you can have it all in one place .
the only nit i can pick is this in spite of plantronics' claim otherwise , it is terrible in wind .
the protection is unbeatable with this case it fits if your pocket nice and protects the phone perfect .
i love that the charger comes with a led flashlight and a laserpointer .
it was easier to talk to someone on the phone than someone 4 feet away !
they are poorly made and the headset jacks are loose .
the case itself is a great fit for a g1 . the magnets do a good job holding the flap securely closed , and it does n 't look bad on the hip . the design of the cover for the belt clip , however , does n 't appear to have been well thought out .
the sides actually have some support to them , not just a bag .
the rubberized finish rubbed off of that one exposing bare metal .
the imp52d took 105 minutes to fully charge of my iphone 4 from 34 . it costs half of the charger power ( 2 led lights out of 4 were off ) . i would suggest that the battery pack should contain its own wall charger .
works great with my galaxy s3 . charge rate is like the original cable .
this is , after all , a type of transformer to change ac current to dc , and i think something in the device failed .
it charges my phone to full while using it to listening to music while i drive .
the ear plug design is highly innovative and comfortable . 3 . comes with three ways of charging it portable charger , usb charger and a normal charger . minuses 1 . a few times , i have faced some technical issues .
that within it self makes it a winner but the gennum nxzen almost works that good .
what 's bad the manufacturing line cuts .
my favorite feature is probably that the earphone are magnetic so when not in use , the l and r sides click and stick together so your earphones wo n 't get tangled .
but it does not look as nice
nothing fancy , nothing flashy , the unit works as advertised .
this has to be the cheapest headset i have ever purchased , yet the best small headset ever made .
it provides protection and looks great .
this was enough that we rarely are out of touch , and my 3g mifi portable modem worked better in the car as well .
hello ? . it 's got its drawbacks but it 's the only headset that works consistently with my treo 650 .
the connectors fit perfectly , the cable is adequately shielded , and it works perfectly with my virgin mobile kyocera tnt ( s2400 ) , lg rumor2 ( lx265 ) , lg optimus v ( vm670 ) , and t mobile g2x ( optimus 2x ) . 2012 update i bought a second of this same cable , and it 's also flawless .
however , i was hoping for a better performing laser and led light .
the blue light indicates whether or not it 's on , and my phone charges very fast .
shipped and arrived within a few days .
i am using it to for a gps , radar , and cell phone charger through usb leaving 1 socket open most of the time . . .
has lasted longer and more consistent than the small usb car chargers we have .
the car charger works fine , but the wire cable to the charger is very thin and easy to be damaged , i rather prefer thicker wire for durability , but for the price , i am satisfied .
the back ground noise can not be heard from caller .
i love this cable it allows me to connect any mini usb device to my pc .
this is now the 7th bluetooth headset i 've owned and it is far and away the best in terms of quality of call .
either side of it fell off and my phone then landed on the front glass cracking the screen !
the charger integrates with your current charger .
i have used it and it can fully charge an ipad mini and it will charge a pantech burst about three times .
now whenever i want to use the headset all i do is turn it on , activate the bluetooth feature on my droid and instantly the voice on the headset states connected .
this after trying the infinite combinations of earloops and earbuds the unit comes with .
this type of pry tool tends to wear out quickly .
i 'm impressed with the sound quality of this bluetooth headset , mostly because it 's bluetooth .
there 's a problem with the design of this headset .
i cannot stand the a c wall charger that came with the fire .
did n 't work for connecting a card reader to a smart phone .
the reason being is there is no padding whatsoever on the part that actually rests on your ears .
the only difference is this one has a non oem looking sticker wrapping it , looks to be printed from a scan of an oem .
first of all , it is black and less bulky than the stock picture ( see posted customer image instead ) . it has a red led light .
it simultaneously has low gain yet no sound isolation .
still , it works and at this price , it 's just as good as any of the more expensive tpu cases .
the cutouts keep your control buttons and camera lens usable .
it came in bubble wrap , no clunky packaging , just an instruction manual and charger .
this case fits perfectly , and is one of the most protective cases available .
therefore , you have to readjust it to start the charge again . of course , any silicone used must be removed before using the pod . at t ; has a silicone case with a kickstand on it .
i 've found that usb chargers charge quicker and more efficiently than the general car chargers .
was looking for a carry case for my i phone 3 that would hold my phone when it 's in a thin rubber shell case .
love this skin , it 's slim and light , but protects the phone very well !
it is a must with the car caddy , the blur lighted m is not too bright and is pleasing .
the screen protector works great on protecting the screen of the phone .
as long as you 're ok with 34 ; basic sound 34 ; they work fine .
this would get rid of any of that flappiness on the sides .
this is perfect to wear on a utility belt and is sufficient for a samsung galaxy phone enclosed in an otter box .
this charger works great with the phone and looks amazing .
it is light weight and does not add any bulk to the phone while protecting it .
the only thing that made me worry was the thin section by the volume rocker , but it has held up well .
it is a good headset , however , you are paying for the name .
i still do not understand the wide spread use of overly optimistic ratings in the field of external mobile battery devices when other industries seem to rate their batteries to correct capacity .
the very first day , the clip kickstand popped off .
this battery arrived on time and was visually identical to the original oem battery .
that said , reception call quality is n 't as reliable as what i 've grown to expect from my plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset .
it does connect to internet , but you have to ask your carrier for the browser settings , and set it in your phone .
the parrot has better volume with the built in speaker , but using the t505 over my car stereo is totally awesome .
car chargers one thing i really hate buying .
i highly recommend this product and in my eyes jawbone has redeemed itself by finally producing a bluetooth headset that matches their advertisement claims .
for several years i used a logitech bluetooth for my cell phone , and while it worked great , it was always uncomfortable .
ca n 't even return it since it 's 10 days past the 30 day amazon return policy .
on the other hand , i 've heard that all bluetooth devices with same standard ( i . e .
fit well , worked just fine , solved the problem with a bold that would n 't charge anymore .
all of the cut outs are aligned perfectly .
i was very disappointed that the head tip of this cable is too wide to fit through the opening of most shells while it looks similar in size to a standard oem apple tip , it 's not an is about one quarter of an inch wider and thus does n 't connect to the charge port on the bottom of an iphone 4 . very poor design on belkin 's part .
this rubber case has extra thick rubber on the ends and on the back , which is great .
it 's a cheap silicone case so do n 't expect perfect cut out placement .
very light to wear and long battery life .
warning if you want to save your time , money , and iphone , never consider this crappy item . the holster has one metal clip at the center and two loop straps to hold a pants belt .
it is very well made with much attention to details .
it was about the same price as the speck case , and i feel that this case provides better protection .
when i moved the phone to the other end of the visor , hoping that being closer to the connection to the car instead of a snap that held it in place would result in less vibration and hence less motion , it failed to cover the road noise .
the 3 earbuds give you a pretty good range of sizing , in my opinion , but the ear clip thing is not that great .
there was extra play where the phone could wiggle around in .
i had the otterbox impact case before this one and it was quite flimsy in the inside corners by the screen .
very good fit while still easy to remove from the case .
none of the different ear buds fit my ear and you could barely hear any sound on the highest volume .
you can buy an inexpensive converter to plug in headphones , but it 's weird they did n 't include that .
in few words , the name otterbox is really known for the safety it gives to your devices .
the clasps that hold the phone in place protect the corners but the sides are left to the elements .
the old icruiser is still going strong , but the size is not conducive to fit in the 34 ; modern day 34 ; medium size purse .
i am very pleased with this headset .
it arrived as an original motorola charger and the company has wonderful customer service .
i bought this primarily for the headphones rather than the hands free aspect , so this relates to the headphones .
i 'd recommend this carrier to anyone who wants to keep track of their plantronics bluetooth .
basically this is a sorta cool looking but way too big multi functioning charger that is about as wireless as a showerhead .
it pairs up with my mac g4 no problems .
flip phone with keypad was nice .
the new software allows the phone to ring even when the headset is connected .
small ears may work just fine .
the color is stunning on the black phone , a nice deep jewel tone .
some cases really detract from the look of the iphone .
not a bad headset not the best but works pretty well .
if this device could act as a ppt slidepresenter too it would make it even more perfect .
the jawbone lives up to its claim of clear sound , but is difficult to adjust , not as secure in my ear as my last headset , and hurts my ear with prolonged use .
p3 international p4460 kill a watt ez electricity usage monitor , got this to look at my pc 's wattage usage , unfortunately i did 't check to make sure this goes over 15 amp and over 1000w 1200w , so it did n 't help me much but i did check other things with it and it works and does what it says .
i use this wall adapter to charge my htc incredible and it works great .
this charger set works great for the phone it is designed for .
well buy again from the seller , just not another s9 head set .
not the worst for road noise , but it 's no caddy .
all of the parts fit together well and all of the phone buttons are accessible .
the no name crapper charges so slow you 'd have to drive around all day to charge your phone .
if you want to throw more cash at it , the jawbone era ( also with jabra eargels ) is a better headset but perhaps not worth the premium price unless you plan to spend quite a lot of time using it .
the sound produced is clean and these really reproduce the bass tones and power better than most wired head phones .
it provides great protection and is not rubber silicone so you can easily put in your pocket without ti sticking .
it is really well made and will not tilt over since it feels solid . i was really pleased at the automatic bedside mode feature where the clock comes on when its in this cradle ( it comes on when you plug in the blackberry the normal way as well , so its more of the curve 8900 's feature then the cradles ) so it makes for a great bedside clock .
bracketron just plain makes good products .
the cable is very thin , though longer , which is nice for out of reach plugs .
the clip that comes with the stylus fits over the iphone alone .
would have been better to leave this hole filled with plastic as they did with the up down volume buttons .
no problems with this charger , came in original packaging , and the blue motorola logo that illuminates is cool !
i believe they are also metric in sizes .
one of the channels did n 't work consistently , and that side also held the microphone , so it did n 't work either .
i put one in the phone to charge and one in an external charger .
i had 1 ) speakerphones with tons of glitches , 2 ) the pricey ones that hook onto the ear , and 3 ) other earbuds that constantly fell out .
the clips do n 't work on all ac vents .
classy and a color other than black .
i like the blue glow light that lets you know its working .
it also charges my ipad mini air and my jaybird headphones !
worked a few times and then would no longer change the volume on the headset .
using with a motorola e815 with verizon . calling is good with the voice dialing with the e815 . good range for the signal .
i did not think it worked that well when moving it quickly on the screen .
it was using power , because the low power unit was getting warm .
come on , it 's a piece of leather .
unfortunately , the new iphone 3g has changed the adapter plug so that you cannot use plain run of the mill usb plug in cables to charge the iphone with the standard callpod usb plug .
the wrap does not adapt for any other type of video devices . frankly , it takes less time to get the camera out of a generic camera case ( 1 second ) than this wrap ( 2 seconds ) . tested with a stopwatch . also , there are no pockets in this wrap , so you cannot store sd cards or batteries . a camera bag case is much better if you want to protect your camera from dirt and water .
the jabra gel fits snugly over the smallest of the rubber ear pieces which comes with the device .
please cancel necessary phone and service plan packages from your order .
the jawbone bluetooth headset is not really made very well and is a lot worse than people seem to give it credit for .
it is a much better than my jabra headset which cost nearly twice the price .
it has a rubberized finish on the bottom which will probably end up being more durable than the hard plastic of the 5000 . very satisfied new user !
really good as a mirror and screen protector .
it charges with the ubiquitous micro usb cable , and it can charge anything via a usb cable .
however , they do n 't move around as much as the tone 's .
the new megadeth album kicks butt thru these . i wish they had an asymmetrical ( around the back of the neck ) version !
when she got up , it retracted very quickly and hit my stereo .
it charges very quickly and the charger folds up in a compact fashion when not in use ( the electrical prongs fold up into a recess in the charger ) . the unit holds a charge for a long time .
i have this and a retractable power cable that i keep in the car .
i purchased this speaker because i want to have wireless speakers for my nexus one .
i purchased this kensington charger to charge primarily cell phones .
case fits phone well but is a little bulky .
a naked iphone 5 slides around a bit , but inside a skin , it fits perfectly .
i would n 't wear these eargels without having an over the ear hook attachment on my era , but these have made a huge difference for the comfort of my bluetooth earpiece .
phone doesnt slide out of the case easily also no too tight to get out of the case .
in practice , i found the following problems 1 . each charger is 3 components wall auto unit , cable , and the tip that goes into the device and these 3 components do not fit securely , especially the cable keeps coming out of the wall or auto unit . 2 . the charger does not come with even one tip .
was helpful , but could have been shaped better to not cause the talk button of the headset to be pressed so easily .
cord is long enough to let phone rest in console .
the iphone 's screen sensitivity was severely reduced by this case and you ca n 't easily get to the keyboard characters near the edges because of the defender 's bulky construction .
google dagi stylus and you 'll see what i 'm talking about .
the itorch charged my iphone 4 from 0 to 100 twice before running out of battery .
this cable seems to work better than other similar cables .
it went on cleanly and without any snags .
the bottom developed a hole after extremely light use .
after a few minutes i hardly notice that i am still wearing it . pros nice qualityeasy on the eyescomfortablegreat batterysuperb rangeeasy pairingmanageable buttonsgreat volumeaccessoriescons have n 't found any yet ! this is the best bluetooth in this price range by far !
the only complaint i have about them is that when combined with glasses the comfort level goes down ( as they compete for over the ear space with the glasses ) .
this is a great toy , i love how it fits my earpiece and attaches securly to my purse .
it has enough distance on the part that plugs into the phone to reach down in , around , and easily fits between the plastic port opening to reach down to the port . i am planning on getting a portable usb powerpack and this will work great when the phone is in my pocket and plugged into it . motorola logo is on the micro usb male and micro usb female ends .
this is my 3rd bluetooth headset and my 2nd plantronics . plusses works really well with my phone , even up to 20' away .
a better design would have made the headband part a solid cylinder so there are no edges , or placing a small section of padding on the part that actually rests on the ears . pros for the money , they sound like you would expect .
is the blue light distracting and pointless ?
you can use the included charging pad along with the little clips to lay your phone on the pad and charge wirelessly .
the ear attachment and its hinge is made of flimsy plastic .
be sure to use the same port for the camera and the same port for the digital x ray sensor and label the ports .
excellent charger for the car , arrived in perfect condition .
each time it makes contact again it goes into 'clock mode' so this makes it pretty impossible to use it while its in the cradle .
pairs easily with my sony headphones , sounds great , half the price of sony 's transmitter what more do i need to say ?
i am using this case with a protective shield over the front glass of the phone and have n 't had any issues .
variable ear piecesare a great touch and this unit should fit larger ears better . sound quality was very good .
pros plugs into your phone ( my galaxy note 2 ) very securely .
the material is nice and soft and the inside has a soft lining to protect the phone .
motorola is used throughout the product description without any mention of motorola compatible , so i expected to receive a motorola branded charger .
i had to buy a cheap bluetooth connector by logitechg .
if your tape player has a skip mode , be sure to cancel this mode i . e . , put the player in normal play mode .
for audiophiles , the 855 wont cut it .
the d wrap screws into the tripod case on your camera and is sized for small point and shoot models .
it even come with its own power supply in case you have power hungry peripherals .
rock on ! for phone use , they are pretty good .
my only complaint is that the particular polymer used for the case is somewhat attractive to dust .
i have the same plug on my samsung stratosphere and i do n 't seem to have the same problem . with this cord the part that plugs into the fire virtually fell apart .
item does work well as far as sound quality and setup ease .
this works with 2 aa batteries and will charge a totally drained smartphone to at least 60 level .
great stuff what is wrong with short and sweet ?
my kid got one of these in black at the vendor 's own site which was a bad thing because , even with shipping , the amazon price is better . contentsyou get the following the case itself microfiber cleaner film to protect the screenfeaturesthe case is very light at appears to be quite durable .
it has no protection for the screen so you will need a stick screen saver ( you probably have one on it already ) . the only downside is that it offers no protection for the chrome edge of the front and side of the iphone so it will get nicked up pretty quickly .
with it i had a very solid 3 of 4 bars and a good data transfer rate .
it is very easy to put on the phone .
it 's a nice protective , attractive , rugged case except for the belt clip and the fold out stand .
it was probably right there in the manual all along . . . this thing is about the equivalent of a bluetooth earpiece except that it stops the music . . . if you have a friend that has a stereo that imports the contact list , dials from the screen , etc .
imo , bent rings are in no way strong enough for a cell phone , camera , or mp3 player .
this all rubber case is a waste of money , but better than nothing .
well it does work as advertized .
going that route , i assume , increases the size of thedevice and the cost .
instead of buying an expensive p . o . s .
i upgraded to the red sync from cingular and wanted the red wep .
samsung replacement usb data charging cablegot a half dozen of these , they 're great , better than some of the oem usb cables i 've seen . . .
for the price these preform really well .
this is n 't bluetooth 4 . 0 , and it is somewhat clumsy when switching between attached devices . but it delivers great sound and acceptable microphone input at a great price .
the rubberized tip keeps the stylus from sliding across the screen .
i was a bit worried that the device would bot like using a purpose built blackberry charger , but ti worked flawlessly as a generic charger for any micro usb device .
good battery life , nice mini usb charging port ( convenient ) , decent sound quality on both ends .
i now swap to a normal wired set of earbuds when i do my cardio workout to keep the sweat out of these .
but i only have problems if the noise is coming in at just the right angle . it has an isolating insert so it blocks out external noise ( you might need an earplug for the other ear in really noisy environments ) . a few nits they should have cases for the windscreens they tend to get squished .
by entering the battery cover will damage one of the fasteners , and with the backing to buy him and he realizes that .
i also have used it to charge my external bluetooth speakers and bluetooth keyboard .
i bought a few igo tips to charge my kindle ebook reader , mynintendo ds , and my samsung blackjack smartphone . the splitter fits two tips and two devices perfectly .
first i had to buy so many accessories ( mini surge protector , 2 in 1 usb cords ) that it ended up being much more expensive than i anticipated .
in text mode , they use the same layout as a digital phone .
it was my 1st bluetooth and it looked like something straight out of star trek .
this is a motorola charger that costs about 4x as much in the at t store down the street .
with a tpu or silicone skin only , there is enough room for a second phone .
great little car charger and the charging light is a nice touch .
it arrived on time and on great fashion !
unlike some others , i can actually fit my treo 650 with a skin case in this leather pouch .
i thought perhaps a wired headset was going to be my answer before i found the blueparrott . this headset is great the battery lasts forever .
blue tooth devices are often sucky .
works well with almost all android devices .
delivery was prompt and the battery looks identical to the oem battery that came with the blackberry .
as far as small flash drives that require external power i have no idea .
also usefull to measure electric energy consumption for any number of home appliances .
i have this antenna magnetically stuck to a coleman metal camping plate dish ( used as a plane ) . its working just fine , and picking up 2 more bars !
the concept is nice that you carry one set of auto and wall chargers for different devices but change just the tip for each device .
the product is well made and offers great protection for your i phone .
the itorch imp52d is really a great external battery .
like the dashboard , or the table next to where you 're sitting . that said , it 's a workhorse headset that has increased my on the road focus , and saved me some cell to brain radiation , and definitely saved me some neck cricks .
not worth the postage to return kept the removable usb cables , and threw the adapters away .
for this function , it works perfectly , exactly as the cable that came with the camera did .
it 's one solid piece , and does not fold .
it has comparable features to the mophie tag a long juice packs but at 1 2 or 1 3 the price .
without cutting your nails or taking off gloves , you can use this stylus to select icons , answer calls , write email and text messages , play games , draw on the screen , or surf the web . personally , i do n 't have long nails , but i do have trouble hitting the right letters on my iphone .
when i copy movies to my personal video player from my network hard drives these never fail .
i purchased two of these cables for charging on the road .
they work perfectly and they look identical to an actual iphone charger cable .
i found every piece of the igo to be inferior quality and not worth the money .
it fits the phone , but has a crappy , cheap feel to it .
a piece of plastic with a crease in the center so it quasi folds .
i used this strap to connect the stylus to the dust plug , and it works great !
it is a snug fit and the silicon like cover keeps the phone from slipping out of my hands .
in addition to great music quality , call quality on both ends are superb .
positives bluetooth , ir port , vga camera , multiple e mail accounts , speaker phone , more programs becoming available for symbian o s .
i bought 3 and all 3 cables works as designed .
the internal handset audio would not work .
the perk is the light so you know you are actually charging .
turning off on when the bottom is flipped down is awesome .
there are better bluetooth headphones out there , but these are just ok . .
i connect my bose portable and place it directly under my 120 34 ; screen .
compact and easy to carry around . it arrived on time and in good shape .
i have tried very hard to like my $ 9 rubber tipped sticklet , but . . .
it picks up background noise which is not good , however .
never static or pops when connections are moved while moving signal .
impressed by the low price and that there are 3 protectors each in its own wrapper and with a cleaning cloth .
it does n 't fit in the 12v outlet ( cigarette lighter ) as well as it should and it comes loose all the time .
it does not rest easily on the head .
i blame apple for not making standard components .
it appears to be a genuine lg battery , held it 's charge well .
great price , recognized brand , solid peformance and a really cool barrel charger .
it 's not only the best mobile phone case you can possibly buy for $ 2 shipping , it 's also the best mobile phone case you can buy for $ 5 . 00 shipping , the best mobile case you can buy for $ 10 . 00 shipping , and maybe even the best mobile case you can buy for $ 15 . 00 shipping , too !
this blueant product works like a champ !
i have made the mistake of purchasing jawbone , sennheiser , blueparrot , motorolla , blue trek , and god only knows which others .
it constantly falls off my ear and it is a power hog .
plus it lights up blue , which i really like .
my kids break these at a rate slightly higher than the oem cables .
the buds are hard plastic in the ear type with a thin cushion ( which you must install without tearing ) . the microphone is on the left bud , and is held close to your mouth because the left side wire is much shorter than the right side .
this jell pad is a harder compound than other more expensive jell pads i have used and is less subject to damage from use .
the unit comes with both a plug in charger and lighter plug usb charger .
i noticed on a smaller version of this case for the iphone 5 that the loops are proportionally shorter and thus the case fits more snugly to the belt and body .
an added plus was a free 2 pack screen protector .
great style , simplicity , and decent sound .
they do not withstand much movement .
in my quest of the ultimate bluetooth headset , i purchased the plantronic voyager 815 and it was such a disappointment . i also used bluetooth headsets from various brands such as nokia and motorola . when i read the rave review of blueant noise cancellation technology , i jumped at the opportunity .
i had considered add on battery packs that simply encase your phone in a larger case with a built in battery , but the bulk really makes the built in products less desirable .
it was able to recharge an iphone 4 twice and a kindle fire with 1 charge .
the power button is extremely easy to depress and turn on .
particularly in landscape . the material ( seems to be leather ) is impregnated with a serious amount of oil so when you close the lid , it leaves a mark on the face of the phone .
i wish the in ear part gripped my ear a little better .
this is supposed to be an oem ( original equipment manufacturer ) battery that is identical to the battery that came with my blackberry bold 9650 . it was purchased from the battery king and it appears to be identical to the original battery .
the outside antenna is on an old tv antenna mast 5' above the building roof , and the inside unit is sitting on top of a suspended ceiling in the center of the main area .
this is an awesome oem motorola charger that works perfectly on my verizon blackberry tour .
it is simply a plastic disc that is supposed to fit and hold the earpiece .
my purpose in purchasing this was to avoid running wires from the battery on my motorcycle up to the handlebars to power a gps .
belt clip is thoughtfully designed and works well .
i ordered this charger for my palm pre .
out of the box it smells like cheap plastic and burning electronics . . .
no box , no packing not even some cheap bubble wrap and a rubber band , just chucked it into a bag .
its hard to push the power button .
i bought this headset at the same time as my verizon palm treo 650 . pairing was a snap , and it supported the hands free profile .
it comes with three different sizes of these little rubber loop things that are supposed to create enough pressure and friction on the inside of the auricle to keep the device in place , but none of them would keep the little thing in my ear , it would always fall out . it comes with nice a little case that also serves as the charger .
i 've found that a light dusting of corn starch on the side that contacts the iphone will get rid of it for a while . the silicone outer casing picks up dirt and lint like nobody 's business .
using these fellowes screen protectors has made it less of a hassle to remove and replace those pesky stickers year after year .
i could hook up my nokia lumia to the audio system and get pandora or nokia music , so al in all it worked .
bought this car charger through amazon it works great and looks stylish , when plugged in the middle lights up with a blue motorola symbol , when off it is see through .
its bluetooth implementation works fine , but the speakers do not measure up with similarly priced regular docking stations .
fits great and doenst lift up .
i use bitpim to load contacts , etc from my computer .
it costs a fraction of the oem and works just as well .
it has a low output , so it is slow to charge up a battery .
interestingly the replacement had a metal belt clip .
into power strips ) just get a high quality one that uses lower gauge wire and you shouldnt have any problems .
looks better than what most of the repair shops install .
use them with tablets , cellphones , ebook readers , car chargers , plain usb cables .
a lot of cars nowadays are coming in with the cigarette port inside the middle console so you can plug in some sort of mp3 player but they do n 't give you very much space between the port and the lid of the compartment .
not much need for a corded earpiece any more . for mute function , no combination of taps gets there on the headset , use the button on your cellphone and the headset is muted .
i do like the fact that it uses 4 aa batteries instead of a built in rechargeable battery that inevitably is dead when you want to use the speaker .
some of the flats seemed a little thick in the blade .
the 3 g sim card worked well without any problem .
a square does fit into a slightly bigger square .
i wound up ordering both , this and a reiko case .
i believe the sand problem was caused by the tacky rubber not releasing all the sand when i tried brushing it off .
you will attract attention with this headset on .
i have not noticed a lack of protection from the open corners of the case .
and what 's the deal with the replacement cups ?
much better than no film at all ( the anti glare one ) . the clear one feels like the regular iphone without a film . the anti glare does what it says .
a replacement charger through my service provider would have cost me over $ 50 . the replacement charger that i found on amazon was perfect and extremely reasonably priced .
be sure to set device overrides desktop on contacts . i do n 't use the web or e mail pieces because the data package is too expensive ( $ 45 mo ) . unless you need to send and receive attachments , sms is sufficient for e mail .
but honestly , a paper clip will do the same !
i wear a 7 . 75 hat to give you an idea for sizing . 100 recommend these .
the wire connection to the 30 pin end tends to get a short in it or just completely stop working .
i swapped out a jabra bt250v for this ( see review ) . the moto is a heck of a lot better sound quality pretty good on the calls , functions with the moto e815 no problem voice dialing works without a hitch , volume on the phone controls headset volume , redial function , etc .
talk time is great standby time is great .
this is a great looking case , especially considering the low price .
here are the reasons 7 8 hours talk time true 30 feet range wind filter for clear talking small and comfortable , does n 't intrude your ear crazy price , huge quality warranty and reliability of logitech ! i 've used a sony ericsson and jabra bt200 and i would say the jabra is much better than sony ericsson , but the logitech blows them both away .
it 's not one of the newer a2dp headsets that do audio other than a phonecall , but if you do n 't need that , it 's good for just phonecalls .
it is easy to grip and the lip on the front is raised enough to protect the screen if the phone is laying flat on the front .
this is light , does not annoy in the ear , holds a charge well , and is easy to work with .
i tried my new cable , my old cable my wife 's cables nothing .
the lanyard that plugs into the usb slot and i always have it on my neck .
it however does not work with motorola droid .
my car cigarette lighter plugs are in use for a flashlight and my gps and my kids stuff and i always need a place to plug my phone into . . .
comfortable in the ear and clear sound as well as noise cancelling technology have made this a great choice .
i love te design and that it has the microphone bulit in .
the otterbox defender series 3 case fails in every way and given how poorly it performs , it is grossly overpriced to boot .
a normal press of the buttons does nothing .
it takes three men and a dog to get it on or off the belt !
g1 pouch still wins hands down .
if i had to come up with a con for the boxwave tuxedo suitup case , it would be that due to its glossiness , it shows fingerprints , however , they wipe off easily . in summary , i would definitely order one of these cases again .
but with the sleeve on you cannot use the iphone usb cable to sync your device or use in any other cradle type device .
of the two cords , only one works at all .
good qulity styus , works great , i have big fingers , so the perfect item for me .
and ; my wife loves the lighted motorola symbol .
this is the protective 34 ; box 34 ; i keep my bt in .
paired my v3 with bluetrek g2 bluetooth headset ( received rave reviews and is cheap pick one up on ebay ) and i wonder what took me so long to get on board .
this holder can grab my motorola razr maxx hd evwn when in a large otterbox case .
you want cushion and spring so that when the phone drops , the case will absorb as much of that velocity as possible , providing the phone a soft landing .
this one actually works well and charges my phone when i use the gps .
it 's great when driving in the car but not for walking around the house .
this case has a tackle touch which makes it nice to carry .
this charger works great for my verizon branded samsung galaxy siii s3 s 3 s iii .
the jack used is too short .
but works . the shipment time was awful from the seller .
these charger hold up better than any other car charger you can get for this price .
that fix works great and gives you an additional layer of protection .
i will never go back to a thin plastic screen protector ever again .
now i have the best of both worlds a lower phone bill and house phones .
it still works for him , and it charges the phone .
the device was very easy to pair with my iphone 3g ; there 's no voice dialing but this is due to the iphone firmware and not the headset .
i recommend another leather case for situations where you want total iphone protection in case of a drop .
my iphone with cozip still fits nicely into my incase horizontal holster . the polycarbonate cozip may not be as tacky as a silicone case but it still feels secure in my hand .
my cooler pad also has a few usb ports , and i have a 4 in 1 memory card reader plugged into that .
it seems to charge the devices faster then some of the other chargers .
the blue led light is a nice touch in the car .
bluetooth is great , and the samsung pc suite ( free download from samsung ) lets you edit your contacts , upload ringtones , and just about anything else you want to do .
no way to find the program executable as there are no entries anywhere to get to it .
all five protectors were bent and would not adhere to the iphone on the edges .
it is very slim , adds some grip to the phone ( which can be pretty slippery otherwise ) , and shows the bezel of the phone quite nicely .
get the job done well and works just like a mirror
item is made of quality materials and makes a tight fit to the phone .
over the years i have just cobbled together an odd assortment of small screwdrivers .
great price for this cute little case .
same to turn the unit off . it can be challenging to manipulate .
i bought satechi car mount for my iphone 4 . i 'm impressed with it as soon i opened it .
i thought my other case which was a gel case was nice but this is alot better than the all gel case .
it charged a battery as quick as the phone did , and 100 charged .
sounds pretty attractive , right ? ! ? it is very hard to plug it into my vehicle 's outlet i have to really shove it and both the charger and the outlet bend in the struggle .
only con is not being able to charge via usb .
i was n 't getting the 3g status so i called t mobile and found out that i wo n 't be able to access t mobile 's 3g service because of the different frequency or bandwidth that they use .
i really enjoy the high quality , that 's a constant with belkin .
i 'm now using the belkin vue and it 's working out great .
after just 2 days of normal use , the blue paint begins to peel off !
one corner of the screen protecter keeps coming up . 2 . it 's leaving marks on my phone .
love the color and they fit comfortably .
keep in mind that this case only protects against scratches on the back of the phone .
it works fine but it does n 't fits tu well to the ear .
with no tax shipping , this amazon price is still one of the best price for this out there .
calculations are there if needed as well to calculate day , month costs . as other reviews had mentioned the small text is hard to read without proper lighting and angle .
it has a pretty high cool factor , and way more interesting than the regular silicone sleeves .
i love this charger works great i opened apps while it 's charging and it still charged .
this polycarbonate hard shell is extremely thin less than a millimeter of material and so is barely noticeable both in terms of bulking up the 5c 's size as well as barely noticeable weight wise .
the itorch is a great external battery .
you cannot have the phone ring and vibrate at the same time , you cannot change the horrible wallpaper on the front lcd , and you cannot change the color scheme from red .
it may be due to my car set up . 1998 honda accord . 1 12volt plug under the radio .
makes it easier to fit in your jeans back pocket .
the physical properties ( size , weight , feel ) are perfect for the battery capacity , and it seems to hold a charge as expected .
these are oem samsung cables , they work on a computer as a data cable as well as charging .
i bought this to replace a lost energizer usb battery charger , and immediately realized that this would solve a lot more problems than just charging my blackberry on the road .
it charges nexus 7 up to 83 ( starting with no charge left ) within 7 hours .
there is no included combination of loop and earbud that will work for me .
it 's thinner yet wider than my last new trent battery , which makes it harder to hold in my hand .
i got no response from supplier .
this replacement battery for $ 3 did the job !
the case is rugged and strong , the seams around the edge are n 't perfectly matched , but close enough .
it manages to keep charging both while doing gps draining apps in and the screens on !
the iphone touch screen surface is not designed to work with a stylus .
the second one only gave audio out of one side .
perhaps a bit on the pricey side , although the amazon discounted price helps , this is still the best pre accessory available .
it 's plastic covered in white paint and the plastic edge rough and will scratch you iphone .
the earpiece speaker would not plug into the board correctly .
it has to be in the case to charge .
most generic cables do not fit my otter box case but this one does !
the silicone keeps phone from slipping , fits very well , a tight fit .
the dupes are somewhat tolerable to deal with , but losing contacts , which slip into my deleted outlook folder is not acceptable .
i like the low profile for my car as the storage area for pens post its is right under my lighter , but this was too much of a pain to keep using , imo .
in africa , i enjoyed traveling from country to country swapping sim cards in an unlocked qwerty smartphone .
there are plugs with 1 , 2 and 3 rings ( respectively with 2 , 3 and 4 connectors the connector is the metal part between the rings ) . however this is htc part meant to work with my htc mogul sprint phone and it does n 't .
so i purchased this gooseneck suction cup and mount and it worked like a charm .
if they do n 't work i will try a hack i saw with a jabra eargels product that involves cutting up the supplied earbuds and gluing the eargels to the locking piece .
this case is pretty slim yet protects the phone from the elements .
not as easy to get on and off .
music quality is great if you do not mind using the included wired headset . the camera is ok and takes decent pictures .
what an awful phone ! purchased mainly so i could use the free wifi hotspot feature from verizon but there is no way i can live with using the palm as a phone . ( if you like love yours this touchstone kit is much better than the ill designed pull out tab and insert little bitty cord to recharge feature .
it works pretty well with the supplied energizers that come with it , and it does have both micro and mini usb connectors , but because of the limitations it only rates 3 stars from me .
throwback that i am , i actually like using styli .
appears to be samsung from the labeling , but only 30 long .
it 's easy to use , it recharges easily and quickly and the sound quality is great .
it 's a sleek fit on both sides and works well .
i purchased two of these and a split usb port adapter for my car .
i ca n 't find a 90 degree angle that goes to the left .
provides good protection and looks nice on the phone .
i have the motorola s805 dj style headset which was super nice , but a bit bulky for everyday use , plus the earphones tend to make your ears hot after extended use .
i am very happy with this headset .
great size for travel . charges using a built in usb connector . has two usb ports for charging one for smart phones and the other for tablets . unit also comes with a micro usb charger for other phones and electronics ( kindle , etc . . . ) first task was to charge my i pad mini .
holds my phone perfectly in landscape or portrait .
works on all brands not just motorola .
it clicks shut with two tiny tabs of plastic on either end of the kickstand , so i guess if over time those tabs break then it wo n 't stay shut anymore .
only wish it did n 't have the huge head on it with led motorola logo . . .
better than decent highs , tempered midrange , nearly flat bass holy cow , these things sound absolutely great !
i installed it and charged the battery .
also , the visor clip is metallic and on the back of the unit they have a couple of really strong magnets .
also feels very sturdy , unlike a lot of bluetooth headsets i 've seen .
great screen protectors for the price .
like the original , excellent grip , good 'traction' . i 'm not having any trouble accessing buttons or the control screen . speck 's a quality manufacturer .
boxwave shipped this on arrived on time in excellent condition .
i 'm having to bend the side prongs in to make it fit without pushing extremely hard .
i would use this case to protect the phone , but i would not trust the rather flimsy clip for hanging on your belt loop . this is a very nice real leather case .
since most of them are expensive , i have a need to protect them while traveling or putting them in my car . this ultraslim bluetooth hard shell carrying case is perfect for most bluetooth headsets that i have . when traveling , i just put the headset in the case and put it in my carryon .
the installation was simple enough , but they should really take 'small home' off the description .
this is absolutely the best and most essential accessory to have for your bluetooth wireless headset .
many cheap cables do no have this space making it impossible to fully plug in the cable without removing the phone case . pros works with my case onsturdy wire ( its not wimpy so it does n 't tangle easily ) looks pretty nicecons kinda pricy for a wire , but you get what you pay forby the way , i have a nexus 4 with a diztronic case
it also has a nice blue led light .
actually , the title says it all contrary to the website description , this pouch , while nice by itself , does not fit an iphone 4 in a very thin protective skin ( and hardly fits it without the skin ) . the width of the pouch is insufficient .
usb charging a real plus . aesthetics a , it 's attractive in its minimalist aesthetic .
it also broke where it comes together , so now the two peices slip apart all the time .
i added my own to the evaluation pool .
they did , although one of the status lights quickly went out , and a few minutes later only a single light was on .
my cel looks j u s t g r e a t w i t h t h i s
i needed a new headset ( my blueant is so small and light i constantly lose it ) . sennheiser figured out easy to use answers to what are the biggest drawbacks of most headset designs noise canceling , switching the mic from side to side , and the buttons ( on off , call , volume ) . kind of a duh ! simplistic design .
the protector itself has a plastic shield on both sides that you peel off during installation .
pros are that they are comfortable , have good bass response for an in ear headphone , and maintain their bt connection well .
best to remove it from the bottom , as removing the case from the top takes the back of the s3 with it . one negative observation the black case was not as snug around the entire phone as the white one .
you will loose way more signal by not purchasing high quality co ax ( lmr 400 or its knockoff wilson 400 ) .
first off , the flat black backing makes it less slippery so if it does n 't slide around .
i got an 80 charge out of the power charger before it went dead .
the one piece hybrid design provides a very good protection to the frame against drops and the lay on thr table desgin also provides screen protection . port access is good , i had no problem using the original samsung equipment and a couple of other headphones . the only drawback for me .
it was very simple to get it all set up .
i 've ordered 10 of these things for my family and it 's simply the best priced oem equivalent car charger out there .
there were scratches all over the edges where the film was under the case edges .
it charges the phone very quickly .
this headphones seem to be constructed well .
recharge time does vary depending on the ac usb converter , but the item does get a full charge as expected .
but in the dark , this thing is a strobe light .
i really love the part of this mount that holds my iphone .
it is very easy to charge , and the operation of the device is very intutive .
just gently touch it and the audio starts playing through your amplified speakers . the audio quality is quite nice and clear and solid .
i 've tried bestskinsever and invisishield , both had skins that attempted to cover the corners , but dust got under those corners and made the skin look terrible in a few weeks .
i needed 8 hours of talk time , i 'm the instructor .
mobile service providers claim that this type of antenna does not work , and i have to agree with them .
i bought it mainly for a verizon broadband usb modem that was only getting at best 2 bars and sometimes none .
hard to find true oem chargers .
it does tear up way too easy .
the imp70d did charge my hp touchpad in a reasonable amount of time , if charged separately from my iphone 4 . my iphone 4 charged in about 2 hours , at separate charging sessions .
in sum , it 's a rather expensive paperweight that advertises plantronics .
the design is okay , but the whole thing is made from really cheap plastic . the ball joint mechanism is really hard to move and adjust . the ball joint has a plastic cylindrical protusion that attaches to the holder .
highly recommend to anyone who prefers the corded headset .
these are about the same diameter as the older apple earbuds . cons typical cord memory ( try the glass w hot water trick ! ) overall i am very satisfied .
both have a hologram with the m trademark , but i suspect the ones that do not work are counterfeit .
with t mobile web , service was mediocre , up and down .
that means the itorch can putout 60 of its capacity with the extra 6 cable .
i got the frosted version , and i kind of wish i got the bodysuit or something else because the frosted feel is not my favorite .
no problem with sticking to the wind shield .
when using the gps on my palm pre , my phone will actually lose battery life with this charger charging the phone .
i got the grantwood iphone holster instead .
so far my favorite is still the voyager 510 . this one is really terrible in that it picks up even the slightest background noise despite what plantronics advertises it as a noise cancelling headset it is completely the opposite .
the charger lights up when the phone is charging and i have found to be genuine motorola oem of the highest quality .
the light works exactly as expected .
it 's not bad , i 'd just like quicker access to my phone 's voice commands . i 'd like the ability to go on off mute quicker .
i only needed 2ft of cable length to plug into my laptop , but these cables are 5ft long .
the candyshell was not perfect for the boy who quickly snapped the thin bottom rail on the case which is a common weak spot on the candyshell .
the hole for the camera is very small which allows for a lot of back flash .
the universal power cube work great with the exchangeable tips that comes with it .
the ear pieces will not stay in the ear .
range is easily 50 ft i like to pace while i talk on tough calls , and this unit is flawless for that ! ; ) the plantronics cs55 is a nice desk based bluetooth unit .
of course i could tape the disc to the phone , increasing the phone 's girth and weight and rendering my cellphone belt useless . . .
no experience with high draw devices like smart phones .
if i bend the cable near one of the ends i can get the other channel to come in intermittently .
it shakes , it rattles , it makes all kinds of noise and the weight of a smart phone was just to much for it .
of course this assumes that your phone can make voice calls . again , it works with mobile 5
it 's a cable and it works .
the combination of button presses to get the laser pointer flashlight battery charge is a little confusing .
i just was n 't happy with the fit for my ear .
web browsing is easy too , no need to buy an expensive data plan to surf the web .
it 's totally worth the small asking price .
iphone 5 5s slides right in , but forget it if you have a protective case on the iphone !
the front of the case is not flush with the screen , which protects it should the phone fall face down .
there will be no better deal found than this for an oem brand name charger .
much better quality and it lights up when it 's connected .
it covers most of the back and provides a firmer grasp on the phone when you 're using it .
this is my favorite type ( wep460 ) brand of bluetooths .
simple , cheap , works great and exactly what you need for hands free use .
i hope they make the clips stronger in the future . this week i received the new cactus green pogo sketch and a clip that attaches it to my iphone case .
the rubberized surface of this case is very nice , and the screw for belt clip attachment is much better as well .
the charger works as advertised and batteries seem to charge faster in it than in the phone . it works great with my fs 1 batteries . if the light goes red , it usually is an indication of a bad battery or a failing battery .
not being able to use my smartphone hot spot really made me angry .
works for p7040 . just keep in mind that this is not a 2 piece charger .
it would be even better if it had an additional 2 . 1 amp port , but this might effect the handiness of the design if it increased the thickness and weight of the device .
month 3 , it started dropping calls .
i used a standard mini usb power charger that i had and that worked fine .
it sets in a small cubby hole in my dash so it looks like it was built in .
the two layers fit perfectly together .
and there 's no light button or anything .
my iphone 4 gets charged in less time than the original charger .
the touchstone charger has a pretty small hole that most microusb plugs wo n 't fit into .
i ordered 2 and both work perfectly for both charging and data transfer to a computer .
the blue light matches my aftermarket interior lights so it looks pretty cool .
what a great product this is ! ! ! perfect clarity , small package , sweet all around , i can find nothing bad to say about 'etymotic research hf2 hands free earphones headset' . if you are looking for a compact solution for listening to mp3s from your ipod or phone this is a wonderful product .
mirror screen protector provides the privacy factor you do n 't get with a plain clear screen .
the adjustable mic is also a nice feature , and the loop stays securely on my ear .
each earpiece about half the size of a 20 year old male 's fist .
amazon continues to ship this antenna with the wilson electronics sleek booster , and it is not the right antenna .
background noise is greatly reduced . best yet , the strength of the signal appears to be much stronger than most headsets ; i can place my blackberry on another side of my body , or even the car , without hearing clipping noises or having choppy audio . as another reviewer mentioned , if you have facial hair , the windscreen on the mic can catch an errant follicle .
the inner hard shell , is durable !
i had a thin plastic covering the back and sides of my iphone , but it did not fit well and peeled off .
charger style is also nice and small . real on off switch no wondering and waiting to see the light to be sure the unit is powered down . pairs quickly and easily with my motorola w385 and works with the phone 's voice recognition . fits my ear comfortably .
keeps my earbuds from getting tangled .
i love the extra pocket too .
after testing them , i liked the blackberry vm 605 better because 1 ) it fits the sun visor much better .
doesnt stay clipped to my belt , falls off easy .
no sound from the mini dual band version and just as good reception . update 5 28 10 actually , the mini has much better reception
make and receive calls and text messages for free with uma anywhere there 's wifi . the way it works is that wifi minutes come out of your regular minutes , or , you can pay a few bucks more for unlimited wifi minutes .
for example , the ad picture has a blackberry word imprinted across on the back where as the real case does n 't .
good product . 2 hr talk time .
high quality charger , appears to be genuine motorola .
i love the blue lighting that illuminates when it 's charging as well .
hold the case up to the phone and it will change the direction drastically .
as an increasing number of states are now requiring drivers to use bluetooth devices or face fines , a good bluetooth set is a must for some .
i neatly ran the antenna cable straight back along the roof of my prius and down through the hatchback . the sturdy antenna has a strong magnet base .
this phone case is so much better with the belt loop snap on it .
i like how it lights up too and that ring makes it easy to pull out .
the first , a tritton , was difficult for the receiver of a call to hear clearly .
i have plenty of open slots for additional devices .
i live an a weak signal area for at t .
this is a real handy item for charging up a spare battery .
has motorola branding and special sticker to tell if it is a genuine motorola product .
i 've ordered 2 batteries and received the pictured 780mah battery .
great form factor comfortable excellent sound quality and noise cancellation . 3 . 5 to 4 hours talk time might not be enough .
i tried to extend 34 ; the wings 34 ; and make it fit tighter into the cigarette plug of the car but i could not .
the only difficulty is getting the phone out of the case when i receive calls somewhat awkward .
therefore , to sync your phone to itunes you need to take it out of the case to connect it .
this bluetooth headset is tiny compared to others i 've researched .
the back of the case appear to be a bit lower quality of leather ( as was the 12 south product ) but is completely on par with the 12 south quality , me thinks . time will tell , of course . . . .
it 's nice that new trent has included a charging cable with the device so you can just use your iphone wall charger or pc for charging .
this product works exactly as stated .
this charger works great and it really charges rapidly .
i lost my original iphone adapter and usb cord , and rather than spending $ 60 to replace with apple products , i decided to spend $ 10 on this fake cord and an adapterapple usb power adapter for ipod iphone .
i had a few screen protectors .
when it works it 's wonderful , but it hits snags way too often .
bought this signal booster to enhance my att signal at a remote hunting cabin . this product does exactly what it is supposed to do . the nearest att 3g tower is 18 miles away , but there is no terrain or structures in the way .
the hf2 does a great job of sealing outside sound in say like a crowded coffee shop .
but anyone who claims this speaker excells at musical reproduction simply has no use for bass frequencies , which for the most part are inaudible on the eq5 . the motorola eq7 , on the other hand , covers the entire frequency range , its four jbl speakers constructing a soundstage and providing a sense of life like presence and vivid realism simply unequaled by any other bluetooth speaker .
it works great it charges my iphone 5 fairly quickly .
i kept it together with electricians tape until they all broke off .
also around the edges you can still see the chrome accents best case so far .
the iphone 4 speaker is not very loud , especially when driving with the windows down .
the head set will operate up to 33 feet from your bluetooth device so if your phone is in your briefcase or in the back seat of the car you can still take calls . the unit also features adaptive frequency hopping to find a free channel to avoid interference from other wifi wlan sources .
i have an ifrogz case that i love as do both the kids ( we actually know which ipod touch belongs to which child based on the ifrogz color ) . to use the charger , you have to remove any existing case and use the duracel skin instead .
just be sure to put the phone in the case screen side facing the tag side of the case , as a small portion of the case is visible if inserted the other way .
in order to get maximum comfort , i bought a pack of jabra gels and tested out which is the correct size for my ear .
you can connect up to three blueooth enabled cell phones to the unit .
this is the best headset for truckers .
i got this charger for my dad because he always asked if i had any car charger for his iphone .
really good sound quality , battery life noise cancelling .
you can find them on amazon , ebay , and the plantronics site .
i just paired this with my hisense sero pro and it works great .
never been too impressed with apples 3ft charging cable .
simple . a right angle micro usb female to micro usb male . the angle when put in my phone , faces down when the phone is in landscape which is perfect for how i use it .
when the external battery dies it switches to the main battery .
very easy to utilize to charge phones during trips . , enough cord to hold the phone while still attached to the charger
hard to use because it keeps falling out of your ear .
with this cable , my sony ericsson w3001 just showed up on my windows xp system as another drive .
i got this pack of 5 cables knowing that they were not original apple cables nor original replacements .
this handy pink hard case is easy to find .
my wife uses her phone primarily for talking and text messaging .
it 's more of a blue blue .
engineering at its best . ) perfect light weight design with a great price to boot . 5 5
any safety pin would remove your sim card .
they differ from regular samsung batteries in that they seem to have an lz instead of a fancy barcode on the back .
others have had good luck with oem products , but amamax does not ship oem products , and they take a week to ship it . . .
the keyboard is small , but my thumbnails always seem to end up hitting the right key .
personally i think it looks better than the bulky lt .
other cases are made mostly of a vinyl while this is a faux leather .
i can listen to music , audio books , and even streaming video with absolutely no issues .
the v710 does not require this and utilizes true speech recognition software .
usable for a 34 ; standby mode 34 ; with a plastic bracket ( of course , it could be more strong and i would pay more for it ) .
the idea behind this station is simple one plug , multiple phones can be charged but what duracell does not mention is that that for each phone you want to charge you must have a special clip .
the cord is long and the blue light is okay but this does charge my phone fast for being just a car charger
the screen is really good . the camera has poor quality and has a shutter laag . .
there were more bubbles and it curled on some edges , making it hard to fit into my case .
we bought this item to replace a broken 3 . 5 mm cable we use to connect our fm modulator to our iphone 4s .
i had been looking at different car handsfree options for a while .
it includes an adapter so the you can charge a galaxy tab .
the rubberized leather started to peel off the corner and any dirt that gets inside scratches the back .
an opening for a charger would have made it perfect but overall it is a good buy .
it comes with a 3ft micro usb cable as well .
i am curious to see if the data cable ( and software ) does more than the one that is included with the musiq ( ringtones , etc ) .
they charge and transfer data well with my evo and nook reader .
does not work to boost cell signal in a basement .
battery life is terrible after the first couple weeks , requiring you to carry the charger with you all the time . the problem with the whole t mobile data service , though , is the poor quality of t mobile 's gprs coverage .
it 's quicker than screwing with the microsd . o speaker are loud enough . o being able to load different application is neat . o the pictures seem plenty sharp for a 2 mega pixel .
conferable , sounds great , light weight , no wire , no static , better than my iphone ear buds , and definitely a very nice price for the quality .
that is a fault of apple and the lack of a full headset profile in their stereo bluetooth implementation .
i love the ability to use as mono headset for a quick phone call or to use as the stereo headset for a call or music .
i take this headset and the sister 3 in 1 version any day over several bluetooth headsets i have purchased over the years .
company was fast with shipping too !
product is working great , the length of the cord and the charging speed seems reasonable .
voice commands work well . i like the v1 voice commands , except for calling .
the era comes with 9 different options for ear inserts .
this headset launched at 2010 ces .
i 've had no problems charging multiple different device types including non motorola phones , my car security fob , etc .
of course , you mileage will vary here . the sound id 200 's speaker was acceptable to me .
you also get a little clippy thing you can attach to the case .
the protection on all 4 sides on the front panel looks sufficient ( anyone dare to slam your phone on the floor to test it out ? ) . i wish the top margin ( above the earphone ) can wrap down by a few mm .
previous to using this case , i had been using a hard plastic case .
works well even in the wind .
the power indicator is very convenient to know charge pack status .
the charging port on the bottom of the headset gets stuck in the charging adapter , and after several weeks or months of use , it will completely come off .
the icurve has two ports and also allows me to charge my nexus 7 and the iphone 4s at the same time .
no more aftermarket crap for me ,
i really like the large crisp screen .
cable does exactly what it says , charges and syncs my mytouch 4g phone which uses the micro usb connector .
at first my treo moved around a little in the case .
the igo chargers and tips are really great .
very nice ! sturdy , soft , fits the sprint samsung s3 100 . easy in and out .
it is also too short when trying to use the vehicle phone dock .
great price and no complaints with receipt of material in either packaging or transit time .
this headset fits nicely on my ear sometimes i forget it 's even on !
this product has volume controls , play controls , talk controls , and a built in mic that all work well . is this product comparable to a $ 200 pair of bluetooth headphones ?
the case also has a neck strap loop ! i run distances of 10 miles or more and stream my music via bluetooth to my sunglasses .
instead , it can be operated with a single aaa battery .
it provides a matte look instead of the usual shiny one which now makes viewing in sunny locations possible .
she loves the compartments for her id , credit card , and money .
will not automatic paring at turn on .
i start up pandora and have high quality streaming tunes even though my phone is in my left pocket .
this is my first touch screen smart phone blackberry torch 9800 and it can get touchy feely it needed the hands free treatment
i prefer the elago case easier controls and easier to put on and remove , but not as much protection as this .
i also took away one star because the design does expose too much of the phone around the volume mute keys .
nice sticky pad to keep my phone and glasses from sliding across the dash when i turn .
finally remove the outer layer 'step 2' and you 're done ! i did the external screen with ease and the effect is invisible and does not interfere with the functionality of the touch screen .
also , need a light source such as flash light to see display in small spaces such as under the computer desk .
the top portion of the phone is fully exposed and the back is well covered . the black colour of the case is also nice . the apple logo is shown which enhances your ownership . the quality if casing is good and will protect the phone . finally the looks are just pefect without compromising protection . just get it , you will love it .
this is the most compact and reliable bluetooth headphone i have seen so far and can be dubbed as a cordless phone as well .
it charges with a micro usb plug common to most non ios devices these days ( rather than the older larger mini usb ) . oddly , it features a 1 led flashlight and a laser pointer as well .
it fell from my bag onto the concrete .
i did not purchase this for the listed application .
the 34 ; thread 34 ; is not much thicker than what you 'd use to sew buttons with and the ring that you are led to believe will hold several items is barely 1 3 34 ; in diameter .
it works as described , but i wished it was more pointed to be able to draw fine lines when using the drawing apps .
i 've paired mine with a razr v3 black and a razr v3i without any issues .
i am using the igo keyboard with a blackberry curve ( 8300 ) . like others have said , there is a nasty sticker that covers both the outside cover and the keys that may never completely come off .
this is a pretty sketchy listing for amazon .
almost a sure bet the headset cord will fail if you use your headset a lot . with aftermarket headsets , the diameter or shape of the headset connector may prevent you from fully inserting the connector . this adapter is very flexible so it 's not like you have a rigid wire sticking out of the bottom of your iphone .
as some have noted , the outer matte coating ( non slip ) eventually starts to flake peel off , and the underneath is very shiny ( and , i imagine , slippery ) plastic .
using the touchstone is more convenient than having to remove the charger port cover on the palm pre every time i need to charge .
there is a clip in the center of the case with loops on either side of it to attach to a belt .
it blinks red when it is charging .
i got the winter white with kickstand for my white s4 . this is my 4th case for my s4 but its also my best case .
i bought this to use as an adapter for the kindle 2 . it charges and the data connect works too .
i guess it depends on your phone , even though this cable says it works with the shine , there is no shine driver on the cd .
so i contacted plaintronics for repair .
i can close the door that covers my 12v plug without taking the adapter out .
running , lifting , riding , basketball you name it , they are right there with you !
this headset is inexpensive , but the sound quality is great .
using that , netflix runs great on my 3g with this cable , at least when the cable is working . ( google for info on jailbreaking or tvout2 mirror , but proceed at your own risk ) .
it is a very useful and feature rich headset , but be warned that the mild hissing and low volume output will certainly be an annoyance at times .
this is without a doubt the _loudest_ bluetooth headset i 've ever used .
the bracketron products are top notch .
this product is a genuine motorola accessory , easily identifiable by the cable tag and m logo .
they look really good and easy to see through , they just do n 't stay on well
no more battery packs or car chargers for the past month .
an excellent device works great and fits well in your ear . . . .
it is not a cable made by samsung but made in china , nevertheless , it is actually thicker than my oem samsung cable .
i have loved jawbone prime since it came out .
so , that is what i keep looking for a dlo like case with a magnetic closure . this case is pretty good .
this product looks like and works as advertised .
this combo was the only holster i found where you place the phone face in and uses a hard slider case .
the camera takes awesome pics , and the larger screen is crystal clear .
then the replacement ( refurbished unit ) breaks , and then the second replacement unit ( refurbished ) breaks .
there is a small lip over the front screen to protect the screen on a fall .
had issue with first cable but got a replacement shipped out reasonably fast . works as need when plugged into computer usb port .
i made the mistake of upgrading from these headphones to lg 's headphones .
this did case did not hold up very well .
in order to recharge the duracell unit you 'll need access to a wall powered outlet for about 3 5 hours .
the included charging case is great as well . finally , th comfort is amazing , as the shape of the rubber ear fitter thing ( haha ) is extremely comfortable , even over long periods of time .
i was having trouble with wind noise in my convertible causing too much noise to hear phone conversations with normal over the ear headsets .
for the other , that whole clasp cord gizmo at the top of the barrel is a sorry piece of work . junk , actually .
they advertise on their website that the jawbone has a 1 year manufacture warranty to the end consumer .
this is a decent adapter for the price .
due to the big sound effects and lots of bass there are reverbs and the sound gets muddy and lose some clarity .
they were priced higher than on amazon , but they filled the bill . they fit nicely in my ears and had a decent quality of sound .
i opted to buy the 5 screen protectors for $ 2 over the $ 20 shield .
the headset boom swivels to fit the location that is best for you and even folds into a small form for easy storage .
the quality , price , value , and dust free installation are unbeatable .
connects my tv and mp3 player perfectly with my motorola s9 stereo bluetooth headphones .
the cut outs are not even , they do n 't fit correctly at the camera side nor the silencing lever .
much slimmer than i thought and it ads 125 battery .
this is a very stylish and functional car charger .
just today i found out that there was another crack on the circle part of the case on the back that holds the 2 pieces together .
the little green light on the side is not to bright to interfere with your night vision , but can easily be seen when looking for it plunged in .
this case is a perfect fit .
sites like howard forums ( google it ) are good for finding out what others have experienced .
the back of the headphones will hit your loose collar ( it might work fine with tight collar and tie , but i have n 't tried it ) therefore making it very uncomfortable to move your head while using the headphones .
the silicone case fit the sansa fuze perfectly , the power adapters have been working now for over a month without any issues .
he could n 't geta signal on his phone , we slid his phone into the wilsonsleek and he got 4 bar signal . i would recommend these products to get a better phone signal , no matter what phonecarrier you use . wilson electronics sleek cell phone signal booster for single user
what i also can do is slip the end of my headset thru the hole between the flap and the main body and then pull until the earpieces are against the body , and then wrap the cord around the bottom where they join together and snap it closed .
the windstop feature works very well .
this case is a very tight fit for a naked iphone 4 ( without a case or bumper on the phone ) . with a bumper on the iphone 4 , i could not get it in the case at all .
a little thick but protects well and the kickstand is stronger than other cases i 've tried . the thicker corners also make it harder to slide into my car dock .
the metal discs on the side are magnets to hold the left and right speakers together and prevent tangling to some extent .
there is nothing to connect , such as when you dock an ipod and have to make sure the port on the bottom attaches to the pin connector on the dock .
it folds up and can fit in your wallet .
the first one became extremely hot when charged with the 12v adapter plug would n 't hold a charge for over a few hours . , i suspect that the truck voltage ( 14 . 1v ) is too much for this little battery .
these fit perfectly , every pack comes with a cloth and a card to smooth them out .
the green led light indicates it 's powered up , and unlike a lot of devices with led 's , it is n 't distractingly bright . if you need a dual usb car charger , the scosche is a good bet .
it 's oem , works as expected , and holds the charge .
it does not come with thecharging cord .
i figured that since it uses aaa batteries , it can charge device that uses little power but not devices that drains a lot of power . it is , however , a good battery extender for my bold .
otterbox delivers great quality again with the s5 defender case .
the jawbone prime doesnt have all the fancy bells and whistles that the era and icon have , but it lives up to its noise assassin that jawbone has prided itself on since its debut .
you can really stream music to just the main ear piece .
protects phone all around with good access to buttons .
i had originally placed my 3g broadband device inside the wilson sleek ( designed for cell phones ) , using the original mini antenna .
everything i needed to charge can be powered by usb anyway and with this setup i have no proprietary plugs or equipment to deal with .
it is well made , other than the rather cheap carabiner included .
one thing that does bother me is that one side is a nice glossy black ( the top ) and the other is a matte black ( the bottom ) . i would like to maybe see a way to customize color or at least select a glossy or matte finish on both sides .
these mini battery chargers do work , but they are extremely slow .
the case also came with a screen shield .
the second time i extricated the phone , all the stitches on the side ripped .
everything is as promised with a mesh pocket on the inside .
the only problem i 've had is that the soft nylon piece that goes behind your ear to hold it in place came off .
first off , she liked the topaz color , which was sufficiently 34 ; girly 34 ; for her .
so the sound from one side is intermittent now .
the edges of the bezel can still be scratched , and the bottom is exposed .
this gives you a usable 10 hours of talk time without bulking up the size of the headset to hold a much larger battery .
one side has a net , where i keep the slightly damaged headset as a backup .
the quickflipcase is a perfect fit for my iphone 4 in its sonix case .
this phone cord is so easy to use and easily connected from phone to computer .
as another review notes , the pod does not connect the tour to your pc .
it sets the phone up slightly so you can see the screen , without it sticking up out of a dock like an ipod . this dock will not work with non palm power cords or chargers .
great product fits iphone 3g perfectly .
it picks up a lot of background noise .
also leaves the 3g 's metal band visible classy .
not samsung type small profile plug , but larger connector that is hard to fit into some phones particularly if the phone has a protective case .
it 's incredibly easy to insert and remove your iphone , and it worked with just about any case bumper .
but it 's better to have this inexpensive adapter fail than to damage the $ 30 earbuds . some battery case manufacturers are beginning to include an adapter like this free of charge because they have realized the design dilemna associated with apple 's decision to move the headset jack to the bottom of the phone .
i had much better luck with a couple other clear tpu cases .
it works , but it is missing the release buttons on the sides like the original cables have .
excellent for hearing on both ends , noise cancellation works great .
the range of the headset is quite good , but i get more static in my apartment .
it lacks some of the power that other blackberries have namely , it could n 't work with my job 's bes server .
there is nothing like having the right tool to make an opening job easy and this little tool works better than my finger nails .
well they say you get what you pay for , and that is certainly true of this bluetooth earpiece from plantronics , which ( although a little pricey ) is the lightest to wear and clearest i have ever used . the in the ear design with changeable plastic attachments to gently keep it in place against the flat part of the ear is comfortable , discreet and easy to wear for long periods .
i love the headset but when i 'm in an airport , it picks up the background noise as loudly as my voice .
poor quality , and does n 't really attach to the headset sturdily .
i had a clear naked case and was constantly taking it apart to clean out all the lint that worked its way under the clear case .
i got tired of windows phones , lazy start , continuos os freeze and all the bad stuff you already know about this operating system .
it 's not as good as my regular old cordless handset that has jack for a headset buttons are small build quality seems to be pretty flimsyi think it comes down to value .
i received the genuine samsung micro usb cable as advertised .
this is a very nice accessory package for the sandisk mp3 player .
i liked several things about this it can be charged with desktop laptop computeruniversal adapters for charging and putting out chargessmall and lightcharges fast for a battery packlasts long enough for multiple charges of multiple devices before needing to recharge itselfled 's are not overly bright for nighttime usei plugged it and waited until it was fully charged .
even has a nylon 34 ; loop 34 ; on the side to attach something else or put in a pen , in my case reading glasses ) this is a terrific buy .
there were no groves as competing products and the part that faced up that was supposed to attract and stick was smooth .
came in scuffed with paint and the pieces will not click in together .
very convenient charging via usb port .
i opened it up and in a plastic sealed bag was a very attractive case .
i found that with the curves of a phone , the zagg just does not work well .
it connects to the smartphones without a problem .
the camera takes decent ( not great ) shots , but is very easy to use .
it comes with a little y shaped adapter which lets you use it with skype or other pc based systems .
this case hold everything for my bluetooth .
i like how it has a 1a port and and 2 . 1a port for phones and tablets .
note there are three pieces to this set , a 3 pin microphone jack to three lead rca cable ( for use with older video ipods ) , a mini usb connector , and a dock unit that plugs into the bottom of the newer units that the first two cables can then plug into .
not only does this case look awesome , it feels good too .
however this particular seller did not send it in its original box , and it was missing the cord doughnut winder that comes with all pre plug ins .
this is the first and only car charger i have found that can keep up with my galaxy s 3 while i am using gps and playing music
when used upright , the iphone tilts the stand over .
since there are no tech specs , i would guess this is only a 1amp battery . . .
i like this headset a lot .
worse , their gprs ( data ) network is slow and congested .
to switch ears , you simply pivot the ear bud and voila , it fits the other ear .
it holds the droid razr with the cimo skin and an ikross touch screen pen .
this is not easy to put it in or take it out without pressing the buttons of the bluetooth .
i love the behind the head style headset because my hair hides the headset so nobody can see it .
i recommend pressing the prongs down to make sure they fit .
i 'm sure they will agree with me that the problem should be instead resolved within verizon 's system software solution . instead of spoofing a desired email address , messages coming from verizon phones should have a distinct from and reply to addresses , with the first being any external verizon wireless address , and the latter being the customer 's desired and commonly used email address .
possibly this vendor is the same as the first ( different name ) or vendors use the same knockoff supplier .
there are little tabs on one side of the case that must align perfectly to get a proper closure of the case .
replacing the ear piece caused me to break one small cushion piece around the connector , but it can be avoided .
i 'd rather have a broken retracing piece than a cable to only plays through one speaker .
the big exposed screen is also prone to scratching , and getting dust dirt under it .
since the real price was hidden in the shipping and handling it 's pointless to return it ; i 'll just write it off as an educational expense . i actually bought this to use on a cordless handset that had a hands free 2 . 5mm jack . ( siemens cordless phone system ) . the owners manual says . . . any 2 . 5 mm headset , so that 's what i bought .
case is a nice red color and seems to be good construction .
i had some of these holsters or pouches where you have to take your belt out of the loops to get the holster clip on the belt , and this holster does not keep falling off of my belt .
it does n 't block other outlets in a power strip .
that 's what i get for a eight dollar charger .
pros very clear voice qualityvery good noise cancellationcompetitive pricecomfortable with the earhook onit feels like it will be a very durable headsetlasts all day , even when i talk for hoursbeeps when you leave the range of the headset , auto reconnects and beeps again when you return to the range of the headset ( most headsets just disconnect do n 't warn you that you have disconnected .
step 2 ( again , clearly labeled step 2 ) , remove the remaining plastic side and you 're done .
since it is a micro usb , i can use my motorola droid car charger to charge it in the car . great buy for a really great price !
but its ok for casual listening sound is ok and volume level is low for noisy enviroments . . .
this headset does , in fact , have great reception and clarity .
my hat size is 7 1 4 or in more contemporary terms extra large .
i was excited and well pleased with the operation of the juice pack .
it works on my car chargers , and data sync cables just fine .
only quibble the metal blackberry logo came off .
the problem was that i could not play youtube videos through the apple youtube app .
i only purchased this phone because cingular did not carry the new razr with the mp3 player and 1 . 3 megapizel camera so i had to settle for this one .
i also had a small booklet that came with my bluetooth stored in this case .
there are better chargers out there but i like the feature of having the dual charger outputs with one fast charger .
the battery light indicators on the back of the case easily make it so you can tell exactly how much power you do have . my main complaint is that the case does n 't protect the iphone 's top edges .
it delivered a 50 charge in a little over an hour , which seems to be much faster than my standard household charger .
the speaker is not the greatest quality , so a headset is recommended .
even under ideal quiet surrounding , normal speech will come out muddy and weak .
otherwise your 5800 is going to be well protected and looking good in this silicone case .
one of them did not work properly so i contacted the seller .
very comfortable in my ear and reasonably priced .
it says 950ma current , so i decided to give a try .
the packaging for this indicates the ability to boost signals up to 1500 feet .
no frills cord winder upper thing that works as it should .
the samsung wep200 works perfectly with my treo 700p .
another nice feature is the ability to use your phone in a charging dock .
it worked well in that application and fit the deep pocket of the lifeproof case well . i would recommend this product to anyone looking for a short adapter to fit into a tight spot .
captivate travel charger b002m4nmwui love my captivate , but i 've been having bad luck with chargers .
the 3gs had previously had a speck candyshell case which was perfect for me because it was tough had a smooth outside for easy sliding into pockets .
got from reseller yellowdeals for less than 1 . 3 dollars shipped .
every shirt has holes at the top corner of each pocket .
if you are trying to save some money then go with thisn95 bluetooth wireless headsetit costs less than $ 5 , and works fine .
it fits ok on my ear but not perfectly .
while the charger states the motorola name it will work with any phone that has micro usb charger port .
that being said , verizon and t mobile do not come in at 3g but regular slower network speeds , edge to be specific .
if you are looking for a car truck speaker phone , this t305 works excellent on both road and highway .
the range is great line of sight ( about 250 300 feet ) but every wall drops the distance by a factor of 4 . the volume out of this unit is great !
it has a one year guaranty for whatever worth that may have . the microusb connecter has a thicker than usual cover .
none of them have the same background noise cancellation as this one .
these haedphones work fairly well , sound quality is fair , getting them to be recognized was very easy .
with this adjustable and rubberized stand , i do n 't have to hold the phone or tablet while i tap to call or tap to play games .
there is no way to take the snug tension down a notch .
considers earloops to be a consumable .
this car cord works well when charging my samsung galaxy s3 or my palm pre 2 . the cord is reasonably long and in general is well made .
thats a lot for a case this small .
the rubberized case is huge , but provides fantastic protection to the iphone 3gs against drops .
these headphones sound very good and the convenience of wireless is a real plus .
i love my jabra wired headset do n 't know why the bt was so horrible .
plus that it folds flat for travel , minus that for a piece of molded rubber ( ? ) it is . . . bucks .
these cases cover a little more of the front of the phone than the other case i was using which is nice because it covers the side edges of my screen protector , tech armor ballistic glass , but without interfering with the viewing area of the screen .
lights up to let you know it 's actually working or connected to a power source .
for the last two weeks i 've been used my itorch to charge my phone , ipod , tablet , gopro camera , and usb powered external speakers while camping , fishing , and playing disc golf .
i could 't believe the low cost of these earbuds considering their build quality .
to get between the case and the phone .
only downside is that there 's a blue led that lights up the clear motorola logo in the middle of that circle .
a great case and a great company !
my wife loves her blueant supertooth light , even though the retractable microphone has failed on two units ( both replaced under warranty ) . so i bought the supertooth 3 instead , and i love it like she loves hers .
if you 're looking for a motorola bluetooth stereo headset , these are a great deal and much better than the more expensive models in motorola .
the button where the microphone is located works perfectly to control siri , answering and hanging up calls and for the ipod play pause function . do n 't expect the audio of these to be on the level of a $ 300 pair of shure headsets but they work great for the money and have held up well so far .
fit is snug for my iphone 4s without any protective skin or surround .
the back is clear but has slight grip feel so easy to hold .
still the best a2dp headset that i have found to use while running .
call quality is superb and hands free works flawlessly too .
the magnets that attach the unit to the visor holder appear adequate as long as one is n 't over zealous when pressing the on off switches and volume controls .
in fact , they are so clear , i can easily tell the difference between standard mp3 compression sound quality and audio cds .
this works well enough and is such an improvement over using the cell phone with its own 'speakerphone' setting .
if you want a great case for any phone , check out otterbox or spigen cases .
connected easily to my sanyo katana ii cellular phone as well as my bluetooth usb device for both use with both my skype and vonage talk accounts .
the phone feature works very well too .
too bad i was playing a violin sonata by debussy .
it 's also easy to put on and take off , and gives good access to the buttons on the note 3 . one noise canceling microphone port is missing on the corner , which i was able to drill out .
good sound quality , fits well , stays on no matter what .
the magnetic cover snaps shut with a satisfying muffled 34 ; pop 34 ; sound , and the non glossy black cover makes the large size less obtrusive . cons i 've had it now for about 5 months , and the leather around the belt clip has all frayed and come off so that it now scratches my belt each time i take it off or put it on .
seems little tight on female end , but no big deal .
good price and it fit snug .
the case is slim and has a great texture , but the little clips that hold the case halves together started breaking after the second week .
this is probably the third set of bluetooth headphones i have bought .
the functional unit paired immediately with my wife 's cell phone , and appears to work well .
one with say more style and possibly a pen or a light attached .
i like the case , but the stand only works in landscape mode .
i managed to get about 2 charges out of the itorch for my phone .
this product recharges quickly when plugged into the wall and the four green bars help you identify how much power is left in the charger .
the cord is just long enough that i can talk on the phone while in the driver seat with the phone plugged into the adapter .
the hf2 still does n 't have the base of a shure or ultimate ear , but overall i prefer the etymotic sound . then the not so good sadly at least on my blackberry , the microphone is terrible .
it looks great but its for show not for protection .
built in cables are a great feature .
great idea so that i can now carry on my key chain just like my at t reps . . .
came with a lot of adapter accessories for different phone chargers except the samsung models .
is anyone out there going to do a bluetooh pouch ?
very practical and easy to fit perfectly flush covers the phone to keep conmtra scratch or hit the surface directly .
flimsy , slides back and forth when you go around turns .
the keyboard will connect to an iphone 3gs with ios 4 but will not reconnect automatically . i did the ctrl lft fn rt fn keys and the light on the keyboard starts flashing .
it is a vey thick protecter .
it 's an awesome bluetooth piece available in the line of bluetooth headsets .
the tops of each screwdriver twirls independently from the shaft , meaning you can keep a finger on top of the head to stabilize the driver while you 're screwing . ( sorry , there 's no other way to say that . ) the box suggests these screwdrivers can be used for repairing eyeglasses , cameras , watches , fishing reels , hobbies , electronics , and small appliances .
cheap price , genuine brand name , micro usb nothing more need be said .
overall , i would recommend this bluetooth to anybody looking for a quality , durable headset .
also , this headset did n 't manage background noise well as i often had complaints .
i was little uncertain at first when i opened the shipping package i saw what it was packaged in , a zip lock bag .
the buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking .
i 've got decent manual dexterity , but i found that this install was very difficult .
there is no problem using the original ipad usb cable .
i returned theotterbox defender case for iphone 3g , 3g s ( black ) one because it was missing the speaker covers , and it appeared to have already been previously used .
i purchased this on a recent road trip when i left my mobile phone 's oem ac charger behind . while there is not much obvious difference ( other than price ) between replacement ac chargers , the igo ac adapter charger for mobile electronics , the igo has unique flexibility that make it worth considering over others first are the interchangeable charging tips .
this adapter allows me to connect my new tom tom , which now uses micro usb connectivity , to my old micro usb power lead .
it did not charge my phone .
rubberized in a way that seems to be high quality .
no problems or hassles connecting and syncing using windows xp or vista .
very nice case for iphone 3gs .
while this does n 't have the range of the nokia bluetooth headset i tried , it is vastly more comfortable .
the dock should be connected to an a c power source ; i hear a car charger works , as well .
no more ac wall adapter . ca n 't stress enough how great it is to only carry one cable . carry case included .
as soon as i hooked up the zboost ( with the signal antenna at the roof peak ) , i went to 5 bars .
it has replaced my ipod , my gps receiver , my radio , my alarm clock , and even my archos video player .
besides being a retractable usb cable for the sake of portability , the thin cable is much lighter and more flexible than regular usb cables , which makes it a little easier to handle connected devices when tethered .
i had to come to twelve south 's defense on this case after looking at these reviews !
overall , i like this headset a lot .
a built in task manager would help .
i used this case once , maybe twice , had to return to the magnetic boxwave leather clutch instead .
it comes with three different size plastic ( comfortable ) tips that you can slide on off the bluetooth in order to fit in your ear .
the earloop prevents the unit from coming close enough to the ear . pros 1 . good audio quality .
the led flashlight is a handy feature .
it fits nicely over your ears and has good sound quality .
was shipped well and in time by amazon
i love the sound quality of the jawbone but it does not fit me and many others . the hunt continues and plantronics says it does not have any bluetooth headsets for the 755p ! caveat emptor !
it 's cheap , especially compared to most iphone stands .
fits well on the phone and it is easy to use .
if possible , provide a model with a smaller diameter tip .
this nokia dc 4 mobile charger fits the nokia e63 . the charging time is normal rather than quick ( such as when using a quick charger ) . the construction is average .
it 's not worth the price difference .
when the drivers auto installed after pairing , it set the speaker to a mono device .
i bought this thing assuming it would work on all capacitive screens .
no updates available so useless . . . moving to nz 500 unit with built in bluetooth and iphone4 certification . . . .
the micro usb end of my cable is a little bent from use , and it remains to be seen how long before wire fatigue causes a short .
this is a great looking case for the price .
a very solid piece . the repeater however has a poor feel as if it would break on the first drop .
it does n 't require a data plan .
i liked the fact that 2 power related cords for recharging this were included , although it would also have been nice for it to have come with an ac power adapter instead of needing a usb power source from a laptop of cell phone charger .
if you want to use your phone as a gps , you really need a 1000ma charger .
works with cl84100 . this model is tl7600 . does n 't work with el52100 . comes with 3 attaching pieces .
i got this as a replacement to my att tilt .
the shiny case smudges very easily .
headset fairly simple to attach and easy , quick to remove if i get a call , put in ear , turn on , and push the talk button .
it works great charging my epic 4g .
the bells and whistles are fun should you want to use them .
not too bulky but good shock protection .
the picture makes it appear to be long , but in reality it 's massive for a bluetooth earpiece .
pros it fits my galaxy s 3 with it 's protective box case , and it is a nice , leather feeling holster .
i 've used them for working out in front of a tv ( if you equip your set with an inexpensive 3 . 5 mm audio out jack ) , listening to ipod , portable dvd player in the car , and computer .
but * the outer plastics used in the construction are very cheap .
might mention the two leads inside the insulated wire ( one red , other black ) are stranded wire of about 20 guage so i can see how flexing the cable at the connector when attached to a device in an auto might cause an intermittent break .
the motorola charges my phone pretty fast without over heating it even when i stream online radio through my car 's bluetooth and use gps on the phone at the same time .
no more pinched broken wires or cracked bluetooth casings .
what you need is pogo stylus .
i ordered extre cords because my others burnt out .
oh , and it charges my phone ; )
my phone went crazy with the fully charged beep over and over .
its cheap but fits well without added bulk .
being able to advance to the next song , answer the phone . . these are great , but with limited use time .
it does seem to charge my phone faster than a standard wall adapter .
what sold me on this particular headset was the outgoing sound quality .
simply put , the signalboost dt does what it says . the 801247 kit is easy to set up .
in low light situations the photo comes out grainy ( tho it has a flash ) . however in bright light areas the pictures come out amazing .
it charges , it trasnsfers date via usb to my computer .
i use this cord as my work charger .
i have a 34 ; jabra wave corded 3 . 5mm headset 34 ; that i wanted to put in this pouch , but this pouch is too small ! ! if the pouch were 40 bigger , it would be a great product ! !
this time i am disappointed , the cuts for camera with flash , s pen , speaker and microphones are too big and it looks ugly .
i found it easier to hear voices with the 955 than anything i 'd experienced with a dozen corded headsets . the accessories are probably the biggest selling point .
and for my dumbo ears . . its hard to fit this thing inside .
supply the user with a built in 3 5 ac or usb hub at the bottom and i would happily spend double the asking price .
why is it that all of the different companies that sell chargers on amazon can get the plug part of the charger right but not the micro usb cord ?
exactly as described , works perfect using it on my pc or my charger .
simple and arrived quickly . wife used it and found the cables easy . shipped quickly and units functioned as promised . simp ; icity is an elegant trait . making the price nice makes it better .
i used this with a wilson booster .
they 're a great hands free set and the mic and control button work very well .
everything works with case on like camera , flash , sensors , charger and all buttons .
however , you have to press the button on the scala after picking up incoming calls .
one feature this newer model has that the older ones apparently do not have is a smart sensing ( power saving ) capability which turns off the battery pack once your device is fully charged .
plastic pry tool kinda sucks , but all the other tools in the kit are quite handy , helped me fix a broken screen on a $ 500 phone so saved a bit of cheddar there .
in a pinch you can use standard aa batteries .
these boosters have helped , but we 're not seeing a jump from 'no service' to '4 bars' or anything like that .
get these if you need an inexpensive set of styluses .
because the green light on the charger stays lit all the time , even after the phone says it 's fully charged . the green light could not be brighter .
yes , the moto logo glows blue from the blue led , but i know that moto makes quality chargers .
i was looking for a horizontal holster with a magnetic clasp that could fit my iphone in its protective case .
solid quality product that works perfectly with multiple phones and bluetooth devices i 've paired them with .
great body case it provide very good protection with out adding bulk , easy to put on and fit perfectly highly recommended .
my only annoyance is the bit of rubber over the charging port because the whole speaker area and lightning port of the ipad mini is one big cutout , the little rubber border in that area below the home button is flimsy and flexes a lot when i 'm using the case .
this results in the iphone 5 's glass screen being perpetually dusty , and in need of a wipe .
as an added bonus , i ordered with 2 day free shipping through amazon prime and it actually arrived the next day .
the case is sturdy and the right price but thestiching is starting to fray .
one benefit of this wire is it rolls up to a tiny hoop and would fit easily in a velcro case with your portable cd player .
this case is made of a firmer material than the silicone cases , which is perfect because it does n 't stretch or get caught when going in or out of a pocket or case .
the audio quality is great for both calls and audio .
negatives speakers ( normal and speaker ) not as clear sounding as my nokia 6600 , no ir port , has a usb port but not software to use it even for charging the phone , battery life a little short , video recording time way too short , difficult to find a name in the address book ( a lot of keystrokes ! ) .
it has to stretch to hold the droid x without the case and it is very difficult to put the phone in or take it out .
and thats with it being on the low power saving mode ( 2g connection only , screen dimmed , wifi off ) . . .
this device is pretty simple , plug it in , hold the button to pair and thats pretty much it .
i wound up returning it and getting the zboost soho which is working fine .
it is a flat ear tip though that rests on the ear eather than channeling into the ear like the 520 . it does , however , come with 3 different tips which lock securely onto the headset .
i am replacing this headset ( it replaced an explorer 320 ) with a 510 because i am sick and tired of swivel earhooks getting loose and falling off which is apparently not a warranty issue according to plantronics .
it charges slower than oem charger also .
bonus that the back is open to show off the apple logo .
bought this mostly for in line control features to control my bold 9700 when it 's holstered .
it could have happened from a zipper , metal button or most probably from a rivet on my jeans coming in contact with the back of the iphone through the slot .
the screw ( ? ) that holds the kickstand in place on the back of the case bulges out and makes the phone sit slightly lopsided when you put it on a flat surface facing upward .
the freedom of bluetooth makes my ipod more enjoyable to use with my music and other apps .
i charge it on the weekends only . cons occasional loss of bluetooth communication between phone and headset .
the entire keyboard as well as my palm pda fits into the pant pocket of my cargo pants shorts .
the belt clip does not sure the phone very well .
i use this headset with my playstation 3 and it works well .
this charger stopped working properly soon after the first ios4 update .
it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip .
the retractable part works fine but the cable is pretty thin .
i use this right angle connector to allow the phone to be a little lower in the iottie without stressing the cable or phone connection . fyi the right angle causes the cable to go to the left on the s4 .
no bulk here and extremely stylish .
the case was shipped quickly and works as expected .
this headset is clear and since it fits directly in the ear , more than loud enough .
the phone feeis like it is very secure in the holster .
recently purchased a razr v3 . have tried several headsets without luck . hs805 uses a battery , but had the best soundhs815 okh300 poor low volumem500 very poor lower than the 300 , beepshs850 good design , poor volume ( again , too low ) highest setting , constantly beepsplantronics 640 a joke , falls apart in your hand .
i 'm no fan of the bass heavy recordings , but i still appreciate being able to identify the pitches of an acoustic bass not to mention the touch and tone of individual players .
after going to some droid x forums , it finally occurred to me that the 12v charger just was n 't supplying enough amperage for the droid x in the gps navigation mode .
primarily for the additional screen protection offered by the defender series , which in turn also gives a tiny bit more protection to the keypad by putting a 'bridge' of sorts ( horizontal crossbar underneath the screen and above the keypad ) that might take some impact if the phone hit the ground face first .
the device is especially good at boosting the volume level .
there is even a red light when you plug the charger into the wall .
this case did n 't hold the phone tightly on my belt using the clip .
wifi , camera , video ( you need to upgrade the firmware ) and a full keyboard what a great phone . very small issues sometimes the network cuts out ( at t ; 's problem * * edit no it 's not it 's a problem with unlocked phones picking up signals from multiple carriers ! * * ) , no mainstream im client , no way to check email or use im over wifi and the browser needs work .
its a charger and it works as advertised .
this case is thin enough that the phone case still fits in my holster nicely .
this case only holds his phone .
the holster fits perfect on my waist and holds my phone well !
it 's not a micro usb type , but something that must be plugged into the wall not your 2 usb car charger , next to your phone .
would have been really flawless if it had click able volume and power buttons .
it allows room for charging cords and headphone cords .
the swivel clip is also very very hard to press down and take out the phone . . .
this headset is alright for what you pay .
it actually works well for the iphone 5 also .
only one earbud worked on my first pair .
the suction is just fantastic and it sticks really well on the glass .
i love the look and feel of these types of protectors and at least 3 of the 5 always work .
however , the stitching on the belt clip and on the elastic on the end has started to come undone . disappointing , but what can i expect for a couple bucks ?
i recently ordered some iphone 5 cables .
i like the opening at the bottom because it allows me to push the phone out easier .
this charges has very pretty blue light and work very well to this day .
it will charge ipod and droidx ok . . .
i like the kickstand on the back .
clearly a well made , quality constructed charger which is not something you can say for every aftermarket charger .
the leather that holds the side closed came apart and the leather on the belt clip had started coming apart 5 months ago . ( marware would not replace it under their lifetime warranty ) i liked the looks of the marware case , but hated to spend another $ 35 plus shipping for something that was going to last only 5 6 months .
avoid this headset if you want wear a headset for extended periods of time . a final note the wind blocking technology works well , but at the expense of a high quality sound transmission to your recipent .
the belt clip is wide and sturdy without adding a lot of bulk . the only complaints that i have are * the finger hole on the bottom that you use to push the phone out is a little small . * the case is n 't specifically design for an iphone .
verizon has the best coverage of any provider .
it 's fairly thin , fits perfectly on the phone .
it works great after you glue or velcro it to the dashboard .
it has a built in sony battery that you have to use its own specific charger for .
i bought two of these boxwave cases for the samsung s3 one black clear , one white clear .
this one had a great sound port on the back for clear listening .
the mophie case is simple , elegant and completely complementary to apple 's styling .
there is a lot to like with this model , but some tweaks are needed . pros lightweight , comfortable even for a larger head neck . very good sound quality . bluetooth hook up consistently works . not too 34 ; thick 34 ; or bulky . cons all the buttons along the 34 ; rim 34 ; of headphones are just too darn small .
what more can i say except this is an oem car charger at a super cheap price .
i would still recommend this case as well as the moshi iglaze .
the jawbone connected ok to my motorola q but when my phone rings the headset did not ; i press the answer button nothing ; i press the answer button on the phone and phone works like there is no bt headset connected .
again , it says blackberry but works for any micro usb charging device .
there 's more effort spent on the company branding than on the materials .
no more washing or losing my headset .
of course , i wanted this to run an inflator to blow up mattresses and paddleboards .
so a free light show is included .
nokia suite transferred a boatload of music by bluetooth in less than an hour .
some people say that since this is a modified sign wave inverter that its bad to use on sensitive electronics , but i 've had zero problems with this inverter giving a noisy signal or any problems at all .
i use these with my touch pro 2 and the pocketplayer app .
considering the fact that many of the cases currently available for the iphone utilize a magnet for closing , which may or may not interfere with an iphone , i wanted a case that featured a velcro closure .
not much to say about a wall charger except it charges my bluetooth perfectly .
it also folds flat and is quite flexible when flat with it 's rubber hinges .
acts as phone protector and charging case in one .
so i plugged the output from the satechi into my nook color and lo and behold , the nook proprietary cable lit up and it started charging away .
the mp3 player sounds really good .
it would be very nice to mount this securely , and well worth the trouble and effort to achieve a good mechanical and electrical connection to an auto roof .
this unit has reasonable capacity ( 7000mah ) and a couple of good features a built in usb charging cord that snaps into the case when it 's not being used .
the sheild was very hard to put on the screen .
then only con i think is the power , it ca n 't charge my iphone 3g battery fully for once .
the headset was purchased to pair with the new storm , it was terrible , muffled on the called side and sounded like a tunnel on the caller side .
it 's almost as much fun to hold in my palm as my siliconestress ball . another advantage is that this is a one piece case that slips over my phone easily .
first , the ear clip snapped around the clip that holds it on .
i like the selection of covers as well .
if you have love handles ( muffin top ) then this case will be a hassle .
you can plug a dvd player or web cam into this thing and it will work perfectly .
it fit the the device well , charges , and discharges well .
one has to literally press the headset against one 's ear when driving on the freeway . on the bright side , the open fold of the boom to turn the headset on off is and innovative feature unique to motorola headsets ( and not all of them , at that ) .
in all only 1 out of 3 chargers performed as expected .
they offer superior protection due to their hard plastic covering which protects all 4 corners of the phone as well as the back .
the belt clip seams have also come apart and metal part is exposed , so i patched it up with some black duct tape and works ok now .
to sync i just plug the cable to the phone .
the hp site was also excellent .
we bought this device because i needed strong cell phone reception in my basement office .
looks neat in the ear , has great sound and the stickers make it look cute
with the 4620l , verizon no longer offers this plan , and i had to upgrade to a 4g plan that was $ 15 more a month , with a higher data allowance .
walkman is good , but could use a little more human factors work .
plus the built in flashlight is a nice extra feature .
a friend of mine had this otterbox defender in all black .
but this works great for original spec .
it is good for multiple devices where a single device power case will not work .
fits well with the phone and it does not come out at all and sits well .
these are great for any device that has a 3 . 5mm earphone headphone jack , its not just for the palm pixi or pre . i like the magnetic balls on the side .
this is a good quality charger .
turns the iphone silent switch to on when removing the cover .
finally , these ear buds come with a built in microphone for accepting calls , and a button that lets you control playback on all ipods , iphones , and android devices , allowing you to play , pause , and skip forward and back without reaching into your pocket .
the open style does not have this problem , but has poorer sound quality and lets in more ambient noise . yes , you can only hear the phone calls in the left ear , but that 's the communication 's standard .
the blue light helps u see it 's charging in aux jack .
i can text and make calls but cannot go on the internet or send multimedia messages .
i like the decent size number pad . . . very adequate volume and it looks great .
while the sound quality is good , but not great , the functionality to discreetly listen to music while on my break and being able to talk handsfree has easily made this bluetooth stereo headset a winner with me .
it looks like a little usb extension but somehow charges the tablet .
this setup quite simply makes all other design efforts look bad .
and the second thing to understand is that it takes a proprietary plug ! ! ! ! this is a uc e6 usb cable .
easy to use , easy to clean .
the a630 is another ground breaking handset design from motorola .
1575 ; 1604 ; 1581 ; 1575 ; 1601 ; 1592 ; 1577 ; 1580 ; 1605 ; 1610 ; 1604 ; 1577 ; , 1608 ; 1575 ; 1587 ; 1578 ; 1591 ; 1593 ; 1578 ; 1573 ; 1587 ; 1578 ; 1582 ; 1583 ; 1575 ; 1605 ; 1607 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1604 ; 1576 ; 1604 ; 1575 ; 1603 ; 1576 ; 1610 ; 1585 ; 1610 ; 1588 ; 1603 ; clipboard beautiful , and i was able to use the blackberry thanks for the good handling and product quality and the right price 1585 ; 1575 ; 1593 ; 1604 ; 1609 ; 1581 ; 1587 ; 1606 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1578 ; 1593 ; 1575 ; 1605 ; 1604 ; 1608 ; 1580 ; 1608 ; 1583 ; 1577 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1587 ; 1604 ; 1593 ; 1577 ; 1608 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1587 ; 1593 ; 1585 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1605 ; 1606 ; 1575 ; 1587 ; 1576 ;
of all the various brands of bluetooth headsets i 've purchased , all of the plantronics products seem to offer the best value for the dollar .
controls pretty easy to use by touch , great sound quality volume in out , good fit , and long battery life .
volume up is on the top of the bluetooth and the volume down is on bottom of the bluetooth , unlike my motorola and cardo units .
it comes with several ( around 12 ) musical ring tones .
great replacement battery does its job
this phone case has held up with time .
there are better cases in the same price range .
i 'm a little disappointed that this does n 't charge my phone that fast considering it being a 34 ; rapid rate charger 34 ; . my original phone charger is faster .
similarly , the driver tips are well machined and accurately sized .
seems to work as advertised , was extremely cheap , and allegedly a genuine samsung component .
after reading all the good reviews on amazon , i finally decided to buy this headphone because i have an itouch ( with the latest 3 . 1 . 2 firmware ) and i wanted a wireless headphone for the freedom that it offers .
the buttons on the controller are confusing . very satisfied with the product .
in smaller enclosed spaces like offices , living room , airplane seat , etc . , they work great .
it does help with handwriting ( anything is better than a fingertip ) but it lacks a fine point that is needed to accurately draw and write . for note taking i will likely continue to use the onscreen keyboard and the evernote app instead of the pen . the handwriting capability with a pen stylus just is n 't there yet .
caller confirmed very little air noise disturbance and great voice quality . cons 1 . switch off little inconvenient to use when it is on your ear .
i was interested in getting these headphones because they have a built in microphone , which would be very helpful with the ps3 . note that the ps3 will only transfer chat through it 's bluetooth .
screen protectors if ordered for the right bb work really well .
i 've also used a paperclip which works too .
the case is easy to use and hold securely to my belt or waistband .
when i pick up the headset , the ear tip falls out .
the one for the back seat is for the kids if you 've ever had kids arguing over the one adapter plug for the back seat ( if you have one available ) , go ahead and get this one and let them both charge at the same time .
i was very impressed with this headset .
working without issue to charge samsung galaxy 3s .
in the case of the mac , apple 's bluetooth support is incomplete ; they do n 't handle the advanced audio profile required for stereo headsets , and so this headset ( or any other stereo bluetooth headset , for that matter ) will not work with a mac until apple decides to fix this .
these cases come in some pretty cool looking colors too .
the odd shape it has makes it super easy to grip and pull out , and best of all it lights up blue !
i use bluetooth headphones constantly while working or just around town .
takes very good photos , though not in low light .
bought this as replacement for my lost iphone 3gs cord . it 's the generic version and works just as good as the apple one , but costs way less .
would recommend if you have the requisite at t system .
my husband i were sharing one car charger between two cars .
sorry , but this compares badly against other merchants such as powermat .
it arrived partially charged and i plugged it into my ipad charger and it was fully charged in about 3 hours the green leds clearly indicating when a full charge was reached .
it is impossible to create a solid connection both inside the iphone and when connecting the headphone jack .
i studied all of the installation videos and instructions .
the laser pointer is adequate , nothing special . my only question is about the light on the unit .
it is about the size of a swooshed twinkie , perfect to grab and go .
the nokia ca 101 was a better length , and it was in the prime area . pros syncs with itunes on the imacgreat companion in the carsolid construction ; not cheaply madecons cord will slip out of the juice pack battery with no noticenever have enoughstrong , and long enough to use in case of a zombie attackhighly recommend
this little bluetooth transmitter is the berries .
it wont fit with some cases .
the system is well thought out and is fully outfitted with ac adapter , motorola case , and mine even came with a motorola cinch sack .
this case fits perfectly on the iphone 3gs .
instead , it tends to lift the sticky pad off the dashboard by sticking itself to the back of the iphone .
having the bbry stand up on a slight angle is perfect for call screening , charging , and a rather simple , cool place to keep the phone .
when they work especially for the $ 1 each price i paid .
in my home i also have a wireless computer router and portable telephone in the 2 . 4 ghz frequency range and so far have experienced no interference at all .
offers great privacy from side view and was easy to put on .
my charger was bad but agfa store sent me a new one very fast .
it seems that bluetooth headsets are not yet ready for prime time .
i think it works as promised , and is well built by a reputable company that backs its product with a lifetime warranty .
i bought these to redirect sound into the ear for my jawbone .
this is the 2nd bluetooth speakerphone that i 've purchased for my car , after also owning 4 bluetooth headsets .
they cost a lot more but they they wear well too if you buy their real leather cases .
i love this headset ! ! works right out of the box .
of source i have to disable the internal 4v lithium ion battery to let car battery provide the power , so that when car power off , it will stop working .
i have a usb drive that is thumb nail size .
best screen protector for the iphone
the boom folds out , and the headset turns on .
only disadvantage is not having in built gps .
other adapters have either gimped the frequency range or only come out of one speaker .
it is roughly the same size as the other cases on amazon , but this one comfortably fits my iphone with a hard protective case on it .
i have a small usb car plug adapter and the cable from this works perfectly in that capacity also .
the cord also reaches the back seat .
review of new trent itorch ( imp52d ) the itorch is an incredibly useful tool for any road warrior .
my mobile device was drained of energy , sucking more volts then provided by the poorly built 12v charger . . .
they do have openings for earphones to be plugged in while the phone is in the carry case , but not for the power cord .
this product arrived on time but i nor several other people including personnel at verizon , or apple could not get it to connect to the phone .
however , the visor clip on mine kept slipping on the visor , resulting in the phone moving around .
it would not work with my phone in an otter box case as the charger plug was to short .
this is a very well designed holder .
easy access to all buttons and features , without any loss of phone reception .
i think it is the part that plugs in that is causing this issue , not the cable .
i love these headsets because the way they sit on the ear .
this device paired right away with my motorola t305 . the seller eforcity shipped out same day , item arrived in perfect condition .
the charger makes some high frequency noise when it 's not charging .
kind of a pain . good sound but tends to focus on high end and low end response .
this headset does everything they say it does well .
it is a good lcd screen protector , it give a good protection to the screen without decrease the sensibility of the screen
this little speaker set is way overpriced , but they do work quite well .
the charger was a motorola charger that was half the price of the one at the local cellphone store and it was the brandname charger .
as a result , you get glare on the bottom of the photo from the flash . the kickstand is useless .
use this with any usb charger to charge your phone , it 's much cheaper than the bulky charger option .
it 's the kindle touch , nothing special ( not the fire or paperwhite ) . it 's simply a black and white touch screen .
holds my htc evo to my windshield very well .
this headset is an excellent ally to my lg . . . mp3s sound good . . . . during a call , the mic pics up and puts out good and clear . . . . . comfortable behind the ear fit . . . . .
it also works with the car adapter .
the boxwave case i bought for my note ii ( bodysuit ) has disappeared from amazon .
it is definitely a blunt instrument , rather than a sharp ended pick . that said , i used it on a samsung galaxy tab 7 inch and a motorola photon 4g with a 4 . 3 inch screen .
i have yet to find a bluetooth headset that can handle direct wind noise and this is no exception .
charger works like it should and has all the marking to show it is a motorola charger .
the silicone ones we had were a little bulky .
i will never buy another motorola bluetooth again !
it comes with a lifetime warranty .
the antenae and reception are excellent .
motorola is very good about warranty replacements .
edge enabling means you have virtual 24 7 access to the internet , and to your email through the web or an outlook style program . the 1 . 3 mp camera is more than adequate for the opportunity shots when you do not have your camera handy . this is a far superior product to a blackberry unless you need push .
all the other stereo headsets are always dual earpieces . 3 ) i love that you can connect this to two devices .
this motorola made charger does a great job of charging my phone .
because the screen whizz has the removable top layer , it can be made thinner . . . it certainly feels like the actual screen protector is thinner than the fellowes protector .
you ca n 't beat the price for oem chargers that charge many phones .
it works beautifully and has excellent sound quality . while waiting for the tour , i used theapple ipod touch 8 gb ( 2nd generation ) latest modelto get my e mail and access the internet via wi fi .
not worth the return shipping cost for a refund .
it has a reliable on off switch .
hands down this is the best bb ever and i 've been using them since 1999 . no more battery pulls daily for me . . 168 o s is totally stable . wireless headset to enjoy music now possible thanks motorola . wireless music control with bluetooth stero gateway .
not only can you plug this into your car 's aux electrical outlet . this one is equipped with a hardwiring option so you can place it in the system with its own fuse block and leave your stock outlets free . i did that , mounting this outlet block inside my car 's center bin to give me charging options for phones , tablets , kindles , cameras , etc .
the usb charger can be used with many devices and the cable itself is the original hp touchpad cable .
no problems with conductivity through the screen protector either .
if you need a charger or data usb cable for a palm pre , this will do the job .
this adds hours of extra time . when powering other devices , there can be some compatibility issues .
the tool does the job but it is not the original sim card tray tool by apple .
this is next best thing and a big improvement over my motorola blue tooth speaker
bluetooth speaker phone function is impressive .
works awesome , but i took 1 star off as the clamps on side press the vol down button on my htc one x .
i had pretty much this exact case for my galaxy s3 , and was delighted it was available with belt clip belt loop in nylon , no magnet closure , for the galaxy note 3 . there is a 34 ; pouch 34 ; at the rear of this 34 ; holster 34 ; as i call it , which accomodates an extra battery . .
if there 's an air conditioner running , the headset will broadcast it loud and clear to the other end .
using a nokia usb charge cable i get a useful charge rate .
i use a mophie juice pack plus on my iphone 5 , and the head phone jack is not easy to access because of the case .
it does n 't matter what service provider , sprint , verizon or at t it is 800 mhz 1900 mhz compatible .
also it 's bulky head may not work with all cases .
from all the reviews , it seemed this little adapter was magic .
good for charging and data transfer .
i found it hard to see the iphone in navigation mode and hard to remove the phone to answer it .
jabra 's does n 't fit just right inside my ear and the sound of the caller 's voice is deeper and not as clear as the 510 . the jabra comes with three ways to charge it and the plantronics only comes with the wall charger which works for me just fine .
instead of buying the pod , buy the silicone kickstand .
it fits the phone well and will offer some needed protection .
when i have my tablet and phone or if my husband is with me i use the bigger new trent icarrier 12000mah dual usb ports external battery pack .
update 2 17 14 the unit is still working however it has gotten more difficult to get the unit to suction to the window .
i have n 't used a vehicle charger for cell phones in years .
good product bright blue light , and long cord make it easy to use in your car .
i switched to this headset because of what i heard regarding comfort of wear .
the stand by battery life could be a lot better .
i bought this phone because i was sick of sprint 's contracts .
at that point , it works like any other rotary dial phone .
the asymmetric shape of the usb plug makes it easy to tell if you have it right side up .
if you do n 't wear glasses , this is an ideal bluetooth headset for the treo 650 .
when it arrived i went to plug it in and noticed one of the prongs was bent .
this plantronics 925 is an excellent product .
i find the phone sound ok , although some people that i call report high noise levels . the biggest issue is switching between silent vibrate and ring modes .
it 's a little bit bigger than the normal size bluetooth 's out there .
it just like the oringal charger that comes with the galaxy s 2 .
this review has been changed due to the change in the product description . this was originally advertised as a wireless charging product with wired charging capability .
so far , both are working fine for headphones .
the itorch charged my iphone in what seemed like record time . my iphone contained 2 battery life when i plugged in the itorch and began charging .
the ball is large enough that it is pretty hard to nick the screen with that silver metal end cap .
i did try going to bed wearing the headphones with a sock over the earpiece .
this is a flimsy piece of cr p !
it 's a great buy , great price , blackberry oem .
i prefer the behind the head method . likes 1 ) . comfortable wear , even for hours at a time2 ) . style and design .
my bad for buying them anything with an i at the front .
it provides both a direct ( in cradle ) signal boost , but also will boost many gsm at t ; phones if you are within a few feet of the cradle .
i enjoy listening to sirius satellite radio on my old bluetooth headset but the volume was too low .
we had cell coverage , but no way to charge iphones without going back to the car .
when there is no outlets , or chargers near by its powerbear to the rescue !
plantronics also provides three different sizes of the pieces that you insert to your ear , makes it perfect to fit any size or shape . that is all i have to say .
normally i am provided a phone bridge .
i have set the phone to go into bedside mode when i plug in a charger , so a beautiful digital clock shows up when i put the phone in the charger .
there are strings ( cord ) attached not wireless .
works just as good as a $ 20 cable from apple .
the clip does not swivel , but that works better for this type of case .
it is only the size of the palm of your hand .
he sent me a pre paid return label .
this device , like their blu ray players , is lacking in function and performance .
the kickstand is strong , does not feel weak or flimsy , when placing the gn2 inside the case , it snaps in very firmly .
i use my headset for business calls .
earpiece quality sounds great , speaker phone sounds great , microphone sounds great .
it has the metal belt clip that slips on and off along with a belt loop that fits most running belts .
to get this to work properly , i have to unplug the phone base from the handset and in to the plantronics unit .
it was easy to put on , fit well , holes in the right place .
it holds my droid 2 global securely , yet it is easy to remove .
battery life is only average at 3 4 days with moderate usage , and the phone is occasionally sluggish in java game applications . the camera itself produces decent quality shots for quick mms texts and web postings .
the other is the ear piece ( hooks on ear ) and more favorable . the tl7610 works on it 's own ( does n 't need a base is the base ) or has a phone jack to the wall .
once i switched my default sound device to the bluetooth speakers , they immediately began to output sound .
it looked fine physically , but my phones were no longer sync'ing with the extender box .
i also like how easy it works with all of my devices .
one pair of foam seals is included , which may block off more noise , but i prefer the triple flange seals . the wires are thick and stiff enough to untangle easily .
it blinks in standby , it blinks when in operation , it blinks all the dang time .
i really like how the small end has an asymmetrical plug part , because it makes it easy to know which way the plug goes in the phone without having to look at it .
the mda 's full sized pull out keyboard was amazing quality for the time , in an era when on screen blackberry keyboards were the standard . the only reason i 'm not using this phone anymore is because i ca n 't get a decent t mobile phone signal where i currently live and work .
if your looking for a sim card ejector for your iphone look no further !
there is also enough room to fit in the standard apple charging cable . not so good the button to switch between the laser pointer , led light and turning it on off is a bit of a pain .
the wall charger , car charger , and usb cable are each in a sealed plastic bag without any additional packaging no clam shell or cardboard box .
they do not work as advertised .
the lint cleaning cloth was missing from my package .
nothing much to say these are the high quality iphone ipod ipad connector cords at a much more reasonable price than you can find elsewhere .
i think that is not an unusual problem . it came with three sizes of clear plastic covers that fit in your ear .
guys can clip to belt loop ; ladies can clip to hook inside purse .
smart pad is a soft rubber part and sticky on both ends .
the ear piece goes in the ear , so outside noises are less distracting .
the plantronics cordless headset phone ( ct14 ) does what it 's supposed to but at almost $ 100 it does n 't offer any compelling features and may in fact provide fewer features and poorer quality at a higher price than a good cordless handset and a headset ( purchase separately ) .
you could use a fine file to make the area more accessible . 2 . the 2nd camera for video conf .
these are very comparative to the zagg covers , and are extremely easy to put on !
then , the end of the blurtooth , where you talk into it falls down towards your chin you have to pull it back up .
verizon has also disabled the use of motorola phone tool , which enables you to put your own ringtones and media on the phone .
only amplifies what is being piped through without adjusting the volume of the hearing aids themselves .
this is a replacement for a prior motorola bluetooth headset of very similar design .
some decent hacks for it on howardforums dot com !
it works well for basic touching , etc .
it 's built tough , no loose wires .
he then lined up the two holes in the film ( one for the speaker and one for the home button ) and he carefully let the film affix to the glass .
it charges quickly compared to my old car charger .
it 's firmer so it stays on the phone better than the soft silicone cases and does not pick up lint or stick to your pocket , while still offering some cushion when you drop it .
it is a bit longer than the ab and seems to be of a heavier gauge aluminum tubing .
the plantronics 510 is comfortable to wear for hours and does n 't feel like it will fall off your ear .
sound is clear on both my end and the receiver 's end .
a weak cell signal is a common problem with concrete and metal buildings shielding those signals out .
plus , this device looks nice and lights up blue when plugged in .
overall , i would recommend this headset .
sadly , . though the description says the plantronics voyager pro headset fits in this case it does not .
we have not used the wall charger because it does not fit in the iphone 3gs plug when you have the otterbox defender case .
would by from seller again but will pay closer attention to desription and picture
fits nice and tight on the phones , covers it completely ( even the chrome rim around the top of the screen ) pretty thin and you can barely feel its there .
this usb sync and charging cable is and was necessary to charge up my i phone .
this case does not fit blackberry storm , although the seller claims it does . the case is too small for storm with silicone skin and too big for naked storm ( the phone bangs side to side ) .
the clip on bluetooth transceiver clips on most anything and remains in place while walking .
this holds the phone in the otter case snuggly .
this is by far the best bluetooth speakerphone i 've tried .
also beware of the so called rebate .
the used plastic peels off easily , without leaving any residue behind . incidentally , cutting these to size is simple .
there was no morotola name logo on the box , software cd or cable itself ; every other motorola phone accessory i have purchased has their name and logo displayed prominently on the package and stamped into the accessory . that being said this product works great and it does what i need it to do .
this could not be much easier to use , it syncs with moto s9 headphones quickly , and the charge ( battery ) lasts a long time .
the ear pices is just the right volume .
i purchased the headphone from local storepairing is easy , press big m button on left side till the blue light bacomes solidthen run search , pick motorola ht820 , enter passcode 00002 options appear on my mda ( 2 . 26 official rom ) hands freewireless stereothe sound is pretty good , but the problem is it 's not good under crowded enviornment ( a lot of hollow noise ) seldom skips with mda
i love the size , form factor , and usability of this headset .
i could only give this usb car charger 2 stars because although it worked fine for about 3 months , it subsequently died on me . pros has 2 usb ports for charging , one ( the top ) is 2 . 1 amps .
it still fits a little snug , but its the rubber design of the case causing that .
i like the style and verything of the logo , but it 's a sticker . .
i would recommend this to anyone who needs tough waterproof case . 34 ;
the extra cushion on the corners has saved my iphone 3g multiple times .
this is a really great phone , though not with the updated phone feature of a touch screen .
this item gets a dry joint in the iphone side of the connection in a few short weeks .
my husbands samsung stratosphere 2 will only charge on authentic samsung chargers and cables .
the range of this bluetooth is very poor .
s60 os is mature and runs well .
i do n 't like cases with big attachment deals on the back of the case so i was happy that you can remove the clip and just have the case as a case .
led lights when the phone is plugged in .
the cable itself works , but the entire point of buying a retractable cable is that , well , it retracts .
you have to hold the volume buttons down for three seconds to on off mute .
the right angle plug is a nice touch as the plug is just behind a cup holder that can cause space and power issues .
i have this battery charger and it goes everywhere with me , very compact and i can charge my spare battery using my ac and vehicle charger adapters .
is the seller manufacturer had paid closer attention to the manufacturing tolerances , and sealed the cable inside the module with a little glue or maybe heat shrink , it would be much better .
space saving solution to running out of ports .
for the 2c it would cost them for the resistors the manufacturers really should have done this .
also , the colour does not match the picture .
i don t know why motorolla called themselve engineer .
it could be that it only works with standard phone lines .
this battery is exactly what is advertised , a genuine motorola br50 battery .
the recharger that comes with blackberry plugs into the back of this cradle and charges through two connectors on the back of the blackberry , so this will not work with most skin type cases . i like that the blackberry screen is visible when it is in the cradle so i can see my email and phone calls .
this charger works great with any phone that uses micro usb port .
these were ok , but subpar and not worth the price . this was my favorite of the 4 motorola stereo bt headsets i purchased over the years , although i found off brand options that were better kinivo bth240 bluetooth stereo headphonei also used the s9 , s9hd , and s10 headsets from motorola .
i mean , in 2009 you expect even cheap bluetooth headphones to be ok .
works fine in the car as long as the windows are rolled up affected by wind noise , high background volume , etc .
still enjoyable great range , and full featured remote control ( can be used is you connect your player to an stereo as only remote control ) . . . it includes a 2 . 5mm to 3 . 5mm cable for plugging to any player of when you ran out of battery ( too bad is not 3 . 5 3 . 5 ) . . . i have been using them for 2 days now . . .
also , the packaging did not seem original , since it came in an envelope and a plastic bag .
there are four sizes of earbuds included which is a plus .
plus there were obvious scuff marks on the device .
. 02 cents , the shipping cost the most .
use every inch of the 50' cable supplied . my installation is in a steel framed and steel skinned building getting a signal inside was basically impossible .
this was my first blue tooth earpiece because i was waiting for the price of these items to drop , and i found this jabra bt125 bluetooth earpiece as i browsed the item on amazon .
if they say my voice quality is bad , i switch to the phone speaker , easy to do with the 855 . phone to bluetooth signal quality is great indoors .
i can run on the treadmill or be on the cross trainer or simply weight train . cons although it is near perfect for listening to music , this device disappoints when you 're talking to someone .
it does not cover much of the bottom of the phone , which means that it might still fit in some docks .
yes the respectable cord is very nice but the quality of the connection is poor and wears out .
i can fit my touch in there with both this stand and my earbuds , and can also ( somewhat awkwardly ) squeeze in a griffin or apple mini power supply . to protect the touch , i put it face first into an old unused 3rd gen soft silicone case , an extra from my 3rd gen days ; my 4th gen touch 's back is protected by a minimalist thin hardshell .
the cutout for the camera is the same way .
i also ordered a new pro plus headset after watching the product demo in the wind tunnel .
for one of them the ear piece post has broken off and with the second one the rubber gel on the earpiece has started separating from the post .
fair car charger for my 3gs .
works for 3g , no issues or complaints .
with the earloop , however , i could barely hear the unit .
there is so much velcro on the front its a bit crazy , no case needs that much .
i finally have a bluetooth headset that people can actually hear me .
sound quality is excellent and will also depend on carrier reception .
i googled iphone echo and returned some results about dust dirt in the microphone and even called apple at t , neither were helpful .
and it 's great to be able to control volume , pause play , and skip through songs right from the headphones . the pairing has been a bit confusing for me , though .
there 's still the bassy , scraping noise whenever the wires brush against something , e . g .
the one thing though that i had a problem with was the battery life on the headset .
everything has its own usb cable , micro , mini , etc .
no hassle compact design and a large capacity charger .
i have owned many different brands of bluetooth headsets .
it is also a very nicely made piece of equipment from a quality standpoint , no cheap plastic and the leather covered ear piece is nice although i am not clear as to why the smallest size earhook is bare plastic with no leather .
this project is not for the faint of heart or those without patience , great eyesight and a steady hand ( some jewelers screwdrivers and a hair dryer help too ) . there are no instructions , but you can find videos on the internet that will explain the process .
i knew before i purchased this that the shield case would n 't provide much protection for the front of the phone , but i did n 't realize how much of the front silver lining of the phone was left uncovered .
the charger itself works fine , but the short cable is limiting , and the way the charger 's usb port is recessed means that very few other usb cables can plug into it .
also when i got the case there was a slight chip in the corner where the two pieces fit together .
works great when using my phone for navigation and bt audio streaming .
this item did not work right out of the retail box .
works with blackberry and droid probably most other micro usb devices too .
i have small ears and it was always a problem for me to find a headset or earphones .
i purchased this for use with my mophie juice pack plus external battery case for iphone 5 after the included cable died .
i had ordered this cable from importer520 . cable works ok for my iphone 4 . it charges and transmits data fine . the connector tip is little bit bigger than genuine apple cable , but i did not have any problems with connecting my iphone ( my phone wears elago slim case ) . my only complaint is the cable comes with a few cosmetic blemishes .
phone versatility , and full a v remote control support for my bb storm 2 ( and most bb ) make them worthy of 4 stars . . . wish it sound better . . .
this oem car charger functions as expected with no issues whatsoever .
this is an adjustable rubberized stand for many items .
this was square ended and a fairly tight fit into the grove .
it picked up the voice very easily and clearly at the other end .
oily shimmer to the screen when looking at your reflection can be a little irritating .
further , it 's uncomfortable to wear and feels heavy behind my ear .
the original back is kind of a pain to remove .
it is better than buying $ 12 screen protectors .
i want to use them for music listening and skype calls through my computer . so far i can only get them to work as stereo headphones .
it was cheap with the coupon code because it does n 't fit !
best small stand i have ever purchased , i have some plastic stands .
this after market one does n 't hand the antennae duties at all , but the headphone part works fine .
it is very small light and decently built the two ports power up well and charge my device perfectly .
purchase the ten one design pogo sketch stylus for ipad , iphone and ipod touch because i did n 't like the smudges i left on my phone ipad screens when i would you my fingers to navigate the games , programs , etc .
this is perfect as my aux input in inside the arm rest between the seats .
easy connection to the bluetooth adaptor on my ipod , and with the a2dp functionality , they work like a charm .
none of the earbuds fit right .
it charges the latest micro usb phones fairly quickly .
the stereo sound is great when you plug in the second earpiece .
although easy to pair with blue tooth to the iphone once i did it and tried it again at the gym i ca n 't get the music to play and of course you probably already know the controls on the sony headset do n 't control the ipod iphone ?
i had purchased the mda solely for use of a custom designed business application that worked under the windows mobile operating system .
also , purchase from one of the other sellers , not accessory export , llc , as their processing delivery time is very slow .
the ear piece , which charges on the main unit body , is pretty hefty and i generally have a hard time getting to hang on my ear securely .
it was shipped promptly and arrived before the scheduled shipping date .
it fits the headset very nicely , but . .
the device is definitely of treo pedigree , however , and the form factor is a significa n 't improvement .
the ac power brick has a rated output of 9v so i suspect the 5v difference is what does in the battery .
to activate the unit , you have to hold the button down for several seconds until the appropriate color ( s ) flash .
this is the best bluetooth device i 've tried .
the v1 adds an additional step in accessing those commands .
it has crack on one corner .
i get about 2 . 5 charges on my iphone 5 from the charger .
when you buy a stereo bluetooth you are not looking for concert sound as much as you are looking for the safety and convenience of not having connecting wires hanging out of your ears .
not only is there a slight hiss , but there is also a slightly noticeable electronic digitization .
works great , a very useful accessory for any wireless headset and the amazon price is right compared to what plantronics wants ! ! !
this antenna works well but the mini is better .
it is powered by micro usb , so you will need one of those .
the charging port is a micro usb port , and it works with all the micro usb chargers i have in my house . pairing it with my iphone was easy , just like any other headset .
but it did work ok on att 3g , wifi worked , the lock ups and freezing was not acceptable for a phone that cost $ 500 .
the vinyl is thinner , it puckers along the seams ( especially on the bottom ) , and , instead of having a nice rubbery coating , the edges are rough .
i was able to charge my ipod , verizon mifi , and my samsung rogue phone while in the car .
and unlike all my other bluetooth headsets , the headset volume only operates the headset , and does n 't link to the phone volume this means that you have more adjustability for volume level and loudness , which is good .
worked great with iphone3 and nz 409 but does not work with iphone4 . . .
paired with a nokia 6230 . awesome headset .
recharging is fairly quick with any of the standard usb chargers ( the one it comes with , the nook charger , or an apple iphone charger ) . this is good , since it measns carrying only one charger .
i like the rubber wires because it 'll be flexible and not prone to breakage like cheaper stiff plastic wires . the sound is impressive for the price range of the earbuds .
although stylish , inexpensive and ergonomically designed , the plastics that make up the two piece ( a soft inner sleeve and a hard , back only half sleeve that slips over it ) case unfortunately pick up a static charge each time the encased phone is slid in and out of the back pocket where i keep it .
it is hard to get off
either way , it is incredibly well made and works .
we do n 't charge them at home even once a week . for our purposes , following product works much better leviton l02 49686 00w 6 outlet adapter grounded white
the sides provide nice grip , and i love the matte back .
as far as usability goes , this a great headset , over the ear is more comfortable than in ear and the fit is perfect nice and snug .
after cutting with a paper trimmer , they were perfect size .
fortunately , they allowed the m circular window to be easily removed by popping out the bottom ring ( look for a screwdriver indent ) . after removing the window , the led is easily accessed , so i applied some white out to the led , which successfully lowered the light output to a tolerable level . the cord and connector seem to be high quality .
easily remedied with some barge leather glue and a strip of leather available at hobby store for $ 2 . 99 for 3 feet of it .
charged the headphone completely ( until the green light came ) and also paired easily with my ipod and also my laptop .
my android phone warns me to use the ( verizon ) charger that came with the phone or charging will be very slow .
so , i did what i always do with phone holsters , and i stuck my trusty caribiner through the top part of the clip , and problem solved .
it went through the washing machine and half the dryer .
i have a htc one glacial ( m7 ) this is the at t ; version 32gig .
i like the fact that i can fast forward , rewind , and adjust the volume from the ear piece .
an earhook is also provided for added stability , but probably wo n 't be needed . compatibility a , no problems pairing or using this headset .
it comes with a few adapters and will work with the iphone usb cable .
what 's not to love about a $ 0 . 60 hdmi cable ? ! ? ! ? !
be sure to look for good reviews on noise cancelling , power , binding .
the power supply that comes with this is a 1a power supply , and the iphone itself needs more or less an amp to charge at full speed . . .
another one does not charge the phone .
i have used numerous screen protective films since 2003 dating back to my old palm tungsten c days .
it great for those without built in bluetooth in their cars .
anyway , initial charging the headset took over an hour , then pairing .
it syncs in a second with any bluetooth phone , computer , mp3 player , or other device .
good lenght and , obviously , very easy to plug and play .
it looks and works like the original .
just the right size , ease of use , works nice as a protective case and extended battery .
it did not come with the microfiber cleaning cloth ( blue ) ,
one minor issue is that the blue lighting produced by the charger is somewhat distracting while driving at night .
the 2 usb ports quickly charge devices and the unit itself is rugged and light weight .
by docking it and putting your phone on clock mode while charging , it doubles as a desktop clock .
great price for an oem cord .
their repair process has no tracking , just sending in your headset to an address .
other than that , the quality of the case is okay , and does provide reasonable protection for a phone .
i have no idea how motorola can claim this as ever being a 'flagship' of their stereo bluetooth headphones .
these are nice screen savers very rugged and give great protection .
its awesome , and i do n 't think its too bulky gives the iphone a better grip when holding it etc . for the watermark on screen use the youtube technique with baby powder it works great .
the noise canceling feature and call quality perform as expected . i 've been using theplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset retail packaging for a year or so , and for my use it exceeds jabra 's in comfort and call quality .
nicer to have a stand than just have a button end of a wire in the mix of charging wires .
this is a great vehicle charger .
good devive though and pretty fast when you use it right .
whereas a vertical case eliminated this problem .
this is a great little holster for your storm 2 . it is very secure on your belt , has a nice soft inner liner and a magnetic cover .
keep in mind , you have a two plastic edges sitting on top of each ear .
these are simply the best bluetooth headphones i have ever had . build quality motorola has spent some years mastering these bluetooth stereo headphones and this set is proof in that development process .
this case fits perfectly and looks great , very good quality .
i purchased this to work with my waterproof case .
you can not eliminate human or hardware problems .
it works well , sounds great , is easy to use and compatible with my bluetooth devices .
once paired , the headset worked well with both devices . note that the motorola s305 is a headset ( as opposed to just headphones ) as it includes a microphone .
they will not charge or turn on .
the battery check feature is great ( flip open , hold both volume keys and see what color the led is ) . reception is excellent with both her razr v3 and my bb 8310 . the flip to turn on , off feature is probably my biggest like for the moto series and only one button to answer , etc .
i listen to the radio , newscasts , netflix with my bluetooth device on my smartphone .
easy to use and to link to .
the smaller tips that these earphones come with fit her ears perfectly .
this case is a fantastic case .
the tip is rubber covered with mesh , it 's size is nice being much longer than other styluses out there giving it a more comfortable and natural fit in your hand . .
this item did not fit easily on the ear .
i still think it 's the best sounding bluetooth headphone to date .
the local battery shop wants thirty bucks for it .
it 's a pink purple with black leopard spots and has a very nice feel to it .
it works and it works well .
it fits perfectly and works much better than the factory antenna ever did . just remember that this is a 34 ; mobile 34 ; antenna , so it needs to be on something metallic to act as a ground plane .
i still use it just zip it up halfway to hold the bluetooth and earbud but the wire to the earbud hands out of it .
noise cancellation is about equal it has a full 2 year warrantyi 'm quite happy with the blue ant z9i and definitely recommend it over the jawbone .
i am impressed with this headset .
the ps3 bluetooth headset is really put together well .
it does what it needs to do charge the phone via computer usb port and wall plug as well as connect the phone tablet for data transferring and will work fine as long as you are easy on the connection heads . why not five stars ?
i like the sound quality for both music and calls .
i have a iphone 3 with a magpul cover and the phone fits with no problems .
it does n 't provide that much fall protection though and might not be worth the increased width since any impact will transfer through the corners to the phone . proscutouts fit well . good shape to screen border so does n 't reduce touch areacomfortable and grippy to hold . consseem from mfg .
no more expensive than other earpieces . really , buy the jabra extreme .
my phone fits securely yet is easy to get out .
only issue is there is some sort of plastic seal on the microphone ( for the soft rubber texture ) that has started bubbling peeling on the edge .
also have not been able to get it to work with my samsung galaxy , i 'm guess that was an issue with the 2 . 5 to 3 . 5 mm plug adapter i got since it works fine with my panasonic cordless phone .
it works much much better than the samsung provided ear loop .
by dual use , i mean , the standard cord that comes with your phone is a usb data cable with a dc power plug on the end .
i prefer the in the ear type headset because i 'm always using it in loud places like airports etc .
it looked very cheap and did not work for my ipod touch .
the c500 is better designed for use with cellular phones but the sound quality in the ear piece and microphone is not as tood at the c250 . the person i called compared the two devices and said the c250 was like at t wireless voice quality ( talking in a tunnel ) . the c250 was also a bit more comfortable in my ear .
they work well with iphones , and ipods and can plug into any computer for downloading and charging
but one of the features i liked the most was the extra charge in the storage case .
my cheapo ( lt ; $ 15 ) headsets perform equally well as this one . as of this writing ( 11 21 2011 ) , i recommend the jawbone icon with jabra eargels as the go to headset .
the fellowes has two layers the screen protector and a backing sheet , with the cutting guide printed on the backing sheet .
as with many third party cables , it just does n 't fit the phone as well as the original .
now back to my initial review . i placed a 5000 btu ceramic heater on this device to see actual usage .
i purchased this in order to use as a cell phone power back up for long plane rides as well as a method to power my gopro camera .
i was tipped off to the poor sound quality when the unit identified itself as a bluetooth headset in windows .
the connection to the phone clicks in securely and does not fall out under the weight of the cord .
now that i have the a2dp bluetooth adaptor for my iphone 3g , this headset is my favortie !
the range on the headset was pathetic maybe 2 or 3 feet from the phone to get a decent signal ( which defeats the entire puprpose of a cordless headset imho ) . otherwise , it was horrific static , terrible sound quality , etc .
and i kept it in my office as a back up charger .
in my experience these adapters should rate the same life expectancy as the mini usb cables they are attached to ( or any other data cable for that matter . . .
this is a great case which the iphone 4s fits with a hardshell cover on it very sturdy secure with belt loops , recommend
lows and highs fall off quickly witch is n 't much of an issue when talking to people . really , all this headset was made for was calls .
overall , i think this is the best case for the curve in terms of fit alignment and look feel .
the reception with the antenna was just not there .
for duracell 's my grid starter kit , it can connect and charge as many as 4 favorite devices from cell phones , and ipods' , but honestly it feels more like a waste of the money .
so the improvements i would suggest ( 1 ) more power and ( 2 ) mat non slippery finish .
i lost my sprint blckberry charger and this fits perfectly and works without getting too hott ! ! glad i brought this car charger .
it will look fantastic , feel and smell fantastic .
the most helpful thing about them is the independently turning barrel which allows you to apply pressure on the end of the tool and easily turn the barrel screw right or left .
please note , this is not a slim case . . .
it measures current , well work i guess , technically .
i have always loved the blacberry charger because the cord is so long !
i solved the problem of it falling off by purchasing the ear hooks for it , they are cheap so i have bought several and they really work . samsung wep180 wep200 wep210 bluetooth headset hook oem aaet180sbebstd
the on off switch on the side slides so its very clear if the device is on or off .
the plastic that goes over your ear to hold it in place is sometimes uncomfortable .
charges fast and has a nice pleasing glow to it .
this is a really nice headset .
my old griffin powerduo does n 't work well with my new samsung epic 4g .
the screen is well protected while leaving ample openings for on off , volume , camera , speaker , s pen , earphone , and microusb port .
good price for so many screen protectors .
it 's that the palm dock is so incredibly good . simply plug the dock into the palm power adapter and set your pixi on top of the angled dock .
cheap and works great as a right angle connector .
simply put , this is the best mobile phone case you can possibly buy for $ 2 shipping . . . period ! it 's a very well designed solid tpu skin case with excellent fit and finish , and precisely placed cutouts for power , volume , earphone , micro usb charger , mic and sensors .
we will update with details ! i would have given the product 4 stars had it not failed us so quickly . wilson electronics 801247 desktop cell phone signal booster for home or office for multiple usershttp www . amazon . com gp product b0014kob6y ref cm_cr_rev_prod_title
there is a large cutout for the camera and flash on the back , and the bottom , top , and a portion of the left side of the case is totally cutout for easy access to all buttons .
i love everything about the h710 bluetooth headset .
even with the thicker otterbox cover the phone slkdes in and out of the case with ease !
packaging and quality feel of the unit is excellent .
as an early adopter of mobile technology , i am always seeking new wireless gadgets to improve my productivity .
i bought a iphone 3gs case with a built in battery for my girlfriend because her battery kept losing charge .
the grippy sides really helped holding this larger device and she loves that most .
this is a really classy looking and very functional earpiece . pros the charging case is wonderful .
oem motorla charger . build quality 5 5charge 5 5real deal . its a little big , but if you are not putting it inside the charger inside your glovebox or center console you will be happy with it .
sound quality is mediocre , as callees often complain about wind noise from my end .
i wear the headset in my right ear .
sound quality is excellent and it makes multitasking so much easier .
this is a very good bt headset .
it 's getting as bad as e bay .
this is the genuine blackberry battery for $ 30 less than what verizon wanted to charge me .
plantronics builds quality stuff and i am sure that there is a good reason for it .
voices came across naturally and the volume levels were fine . unfortunately the sound id 200 's mic results in my voice sound noticeably tinny to those i 'm talking to when compared to the plantronics and the jawbones . i did n 't find the button use on the sound id to be that difficult at all .
this unit fits perfectly and the cable has room to spare . this is a rapid charging unit and works great for power hungry devices .
i have to admit , i have an unusual ear shape , for instance , the only small headphones i can wear are earbuds .
the unit is nicely contoured and has a larger spring clip . 2 ) it looks like a garage door opener and it is less likely to get stolen from your car than the mp3 player looking jabra cruiser . 3 ) it is simpler to use because the main button turns the unit on and off .
we were able to easily , and inexpensively , bring cell phone access into a building that had had serious issues with cell coverage .
it was just as easy to use a paperclip to pop the sim card holder open as it is to use this little device . . .
download the free microsoft live search or google maps applications which both work perfectly with this device 's built in gps .
so if you 're looking for a nice regular headset for xbox live because the microsoft headsets break all the time or for a cell phone , buy this headset .
however , i tried it with multiple mini cables and chargers and none of them would allow me to charge by mifi from novatel .
i got this to use my 5g ipod with my bt 3030 bt adapter . i got this over the 125s because i can potentially use this with anything that has a 3 . 5mm jack .
i love the slip on jelly type cell phone cases but the color was not accurate to the picture and it would not stay on my phone at all .
much better construction than other cigarette lighter adapters that i have owned .
she has no air conditioner in her car so even with the window down i can hear her .
then use a small flat screwdriver to push the pin all the way down inside the jack . i tried this on my mogul with windows mobile 6 . 1 , and it works great .
i am very impressed and these are the best bluetooth headphones headset i 've ever owned .
with the 5200mah capacity , i get about 2 charges on my galaxy s ii skyrocket .
i just scrubbed the candle wax around the zipper area and now i can close and open the case smoothly .
with a screen protector you will be pretty much covered from scratches all over your phone . pros inexpensive soft feel easy to removecons no cut outs for charging pins for cradle
and the metal clip broke through the vinyl covering .
as an extension and socket splitter it is ok . however they missed an essential trick on the usb power supply .
light on your ears and plenty loud .
like the snap instead of a magnet .
it is not overly bulky and protects the phone well .
the cheap plastic band that goes behind your head is huge and sticks out like a wing behind your neck .
xtreme was my most practical choice given what was available and my budget . i improved the performance of my local cell signal , by purchasing a home repeater system , after assuring myself of the functionality of this bluetooth technology .
a truly staggering level of apathy by the manufacturer . . .
i bought this cable to connectflip minohd camcorder 2nd generation , 2 hours ( brushed metal ) to my lcd tv .
the cord from my ears to my blackberry was always getting in my way .
i would get this instead of in ear bluethooth device .
i give it 4 stars because of its lack of ambient noise cancellation features .
it did not work for me .
or until someone produces a bluetooth headset with a slimmer profile or equal or better sound quality .
i prefer this style over the star trek earpieces , but this one 's boom mic extends further out from the ear than other models in this series .
when it is paired with the ps3 , on the screen it shows what the battery level is at , volume , and hq mode .
while the battery life is not as good as some , ( rated at 5 hours of talk time ) ; plantronics took what i think is the optimal solution by providing a battery in the charging case which provides another complete charge of an additional 5 hours without having to connect the headset to an external power source .
the little box they provide does not hold together .
when and if it happens is yet to be seen . i recently acquired a blackberry 8900 ( blackberry curve 8900 javelin unlocked cell phone with 3 . 2 mp camera , gps , stereo bluetooth , media player , microsd slot international version with no warranty ( titanium ) which has a micro usb port on it .
the holster is sturdy and holds the phone well .
the case is clear plastic all around the sides and only metal on back .
it does n 't go all the way into the ear canal but there is a stablizer part that somehow fits in the outer ear and keeps the device in place .
this travel charger for the iphone fits my iphone 4 just fine , charges just fine , and it 's sturdy .
as for fit , the device sits in your ear rather than over it , though there is an optional ear loop .
i suffered thru at t and their conversion to gsm and cingular is not any better than that service no matter what they promise .
to solve the camara problem some foam material had to be cut out . update 27 . 05 . 2011 works great with iphone 3gs , even in protective leather casing .
a extremely lite dusting of baby powder dust on the inside of the membrane cures the water mark .
screwdrivers work well , however plastic separator tool tip broke off on the first phone case i used it to open . . . what a drag .
the itorch can charge my galaxy tab directly too .
it easily clips on to your belt and also provides some protection for your phone if dropped .
turn on your phone 's bluetooth once you hear the beep and it stops flashing you are good to go .
my favorite part of this charger is the big blue ring that lets me know it is properly attached to the lighter socket or my dual lighter sockets .
the phone case clips into place smoothly and stays clipped in securely .
i bought this charger and a compatible back over for my palm pixi plus .
the highlights based on owning the black case .
as many people complained , i found this headset 's microphone was very weak .
works great driving in my truck with the windows down .
it wipes clean easily . to the product developers what would make this better is if you could include two protectors in a package .
who uses such a tiny plug ?
good concept but very poorly executed .
i wear glasses with very thin temples and the over the ear type did not work well with my glasses .
this is a basic car charger .
these look nicer than the senns , but that 's where the overtaking positives end .
it is very easy to put on and off .
i had an old iphone cable ( oem ) that failed to work with an ipad .
however , i found that the design of the headset makes it an inconvenience to put on .
it adds just a bit more thickness to the iphone . gripes ?
it is very small and seems to hold about two charges for an iphone refill .
my biggest problem with this style of headset is that the non earpiece side gets caught in my hair every time i take it off .
also , the case is covered in a plastic that has slightly more grip than the phone 's plastic .
after all , it 's a 402 ; ucking cable for heavens sake .
if you are using the gps feature while plugged into that one your battery still gets drained . no such problems with the nokia dc 4 . it charges fast , and will continue to charge even when using power hungry applications . edit note that this 2mm coax style charger will charge your device faster than the dc 6 micro usb version ( 890 mah vs . 500 ) .
you will not be able to send or receive txt , mms , email , use data , no gps , no internet , wifi becomes unusable .
they can clip it to their clothes , and because the side flap is open the cord for the earbuds can be plugged in while the ipod is securely fastened into the case . the only downside is that of course you cannot operate the touch while it is in the case , unlike some of those armbands with clear covers .
unfortunately the sticker attached to the actual screen would not peel off .
its one flaw it delivers approximately 80 of rated capacity .
much easier to use your finger .
kind of an odd set up with different lengths of wire and the ear things are not foam , they 're rubber .
it fits horribly . this is where the bt205 shines .
cool as it lights up too .
a true , blue motorola brand charger !
this is worth the 76 cents it costs !
the item stays very securely on the dashboard and has multiple adjustments to give you the perfect viewing angle .
the on off switch is small and easily blocked from view when turning the headset on or off .
but in any other lighting condition degradation is rapid .
the otter silicone impact cover fits nicely on the iphone 3gs .
i use sony ericsson bluetooth for years until i got this one .
i had mine for a little over a month and the plastic that holds the right speaker on broke rendering the headset useless .
the charger fits into my port nicely and works well .
stay in ear and work well . . .
i was skeptical since the quality of sound my not be as good with an over the ear bluetooth but this one sounds great .
the top headphone jack is round which may cause some non itunes headphones to not fit completely into the headphone jack .
needed a headset with noise reduction so i could use it in the car .
i change my screen protector every other month and that along with using theotterbox defender case for iphone 3g , my phone still looks great .
the volume and power keys are harder to operate than without the case , though .
the volume of the call is loud and clear as is the ringer i have yet to not hear the phone ringing in my pocket ( one of my biggest problems with my last samsung phone ) . virgin has really simple pre paid pricing plans with a well organized and useful website .
worth the money ! ! ! highly recommend it to everybody who is looking for scree protector with high quility !
i called wilson electronics for technical assistance .
it went on cleanly with very little bubbles that i could remove with the supplied applicator ( a small plastic tool to remove the bubbles ) . bargaincell promptly shipped them on ordering and i got it in 3 days .
i like the tip on this stylus better than the rubber tips on some of the other stylus i have
charges iphone maybe faster than he wall charger . . .
the sound embodies crisp highs and full lows .
you get , what it says . 5 mirrored screen protectors 5 cleaning cloths . high quality , and easy to install , no bubbles .
the otterbox style rubberized cases look more protective but they are bulky and hard to get in and out of a pocket .
within a few weeks the plastic covering near the plug ripped exposing the wires and after two months it stopped working .
it keeps it secure and the back part where the clip is very sturdy .
a good case would be a combination of the two the body glove case with the clip from the holster .
two strikes . as you can see from the pictures there is quite a distance between one 's mouth and the pinhole for the internal microphone .
feels and looks cheap , does n 't protect the phone all that well .
all the features are the same . razr has a big huge color screen , bluetooth enabled and can capture videos .
also , it fits into my at t car charger and is long enough for that to matter .
my old earpiece had a black covering that was coming off in my ear .
well , the best solution i 've found are the replacement ear gels designed for the plantronics 925 headset .
the item was just as described . . . oem samsung micro usb charger . . . came in a zip lock bag but for the price who cares . . . price ca n 't be beat .
i always buy boxwave cases for my phones , because they are well made , practical , comfortable and good looking .
this is a great screen saver .
it 's not as refined a finished product for the $ 15 price .
as a wrap , though , this little thing would add protection to your high end digicam . this would be perfect for a canon sd1100 and the like a small , ultra slim digicam .
i 've had the scosche usb charger for 6 months and i absolutely love it !
plug in the cost per kwh and you 've got the total cost per the elapsed time .
the case also has a decorative pattern traced in it , which looks like the swirling lines in a piece of wood and is quite attractive .
it 's easy to find the buttons to answer hang up and adjust the volume .
however , it 's literally a pin with a handle on it .
my purple skin matches the color indicated on website .
tremendous battery life and superior bass response make this a superior bluetooth unit .
mic is overwhelmed by the 75 to 100db of ambient background noise .
there is a large soundstage effect making the sound larger than it is .
at night , my bedroom ceiling glows blue due all those leds .
it does come with a red laser pointer and flashlight , which are cool features .
as other reviews have said , this works quite well as a bluetooth speaker phone .
apart from the flawed ergonomics , this headset is just about perfect 4 . 5 stars !
price on here is great . it is very easy to insert into the phone , and the back cover goes on more easily than the oem one .
for normal phone tasks , the boxwave works great .
this case has very nice cutouts for both allowing for direct access .
it works and is really easy to remove and replace in any part of the car board .
i prefer a wired headset to make calls as well .
good product , works for my evo 3d for charging and data transfer .
i love this company 's customer service !
i love the igo line of tips and chargers . this one works great with my kindle 2 and also my verizon mifi pocket 3g router . you will love it !
basically , the griffin power duo is almost useless for this phone . then i found this oem motorola auto charger .
this is the mini usb type plug , not the thinner micro usb plug . this is just a really cool device .
includes additional accessories for a more custom fit .
from dubstep to classical , and everything in between , these earphones produce sounds far superior to any stock device earphones , purchase these headphones before palm realizes how much they truly should be worth !
the case fits like a glove and all the holes and cuts outs fit the various ports perfectly .
it comes with earplugs that have loops that extend outwards to fit inside your ear securely . the voice prompts are clear and understandable , there is no back ground noise and the on off switch and controls are easy to locate and use .
it 's designed for the curve , but the width of the opening is , strangely enough , wider that the phone .
it mates easily to my treo 650 and also to my bluetooth enable laptop , which makes it possible to use the laptop for voip calls .
the silicone skin fits the fuze perfectly .
but at this price you 'de be better off using ziploc bags or something equally inexpensive .
however , prolong use of this headset will hurt your hears .
good product works great 1 3 the price of oem and works betterand it appears to be a bit heavier duty .
quickly adjusts to whatever angle , whether flexing the arm or turning sideways straight up .
i bought this set of adapters specifically for a trip to europe .
none of the holes line up , camera slot , stylis port etc .
worked right away with my panasonic hdc tm700 camcorder which has a mini hdmi port .
there are a lot of bad bluetooth headsets out there .
i tried rolling the protector on as slow as possible while rubbing from center out with a microfiber cloth .
i bought these screen procters with the battery and cover all for my lg dare .
we purchased these for my 9 yr old daughter who has trouble with the common hard plastic round variety of earphones fitting well into her smaller ears .
it says its made by plantronics in the description but the headset itself says verizon on the side so i 'm not sure what the deal is with that but i know that it works great .
the wall charger charges faster than using a usb port .
due to the open areas on each side of the camera .
it works as expected and arrived quickly .
as said by everyone else , the product quality depends greatly on the seller you buy it from .
there is a handy on off switch with leds to indicate the level of charge . the battery case came on time and was packaged well .
very disspointed not getting a coby cassette tape because it did not work in my car i need my music
i bought this case for my wife to keep her bluetooth headset .
why , oh why do companies insist on reinventing the wheel constantly ? ? ? please just let me use one of the bazillion mini usb adapters i already have ! ! ! value 5 starsperformance 5 starsreliability 5 starscomfort fit 4 starsdesign 2 stars ( only because of the charging adapter ! )
i bought three different tpu cases for the lg g2 . this case simply does not fit .
after several months of heavy use i did have a plastic piece for the left button break which was likely more my fault than the device .
they are easy to use , long battery lfe and sound great .
lasted about three months and the clip that holds the phone in place broke , rendering it useless .
i can use it not only for a wireless headset , but to connect to the internet and to transfer sound files back and forth as well . the software of the phone seems to be a bit buggy still , unfortunately .
i also appreciate the addition of a pc usb charge cable for travelling lighter .
i was disappointed as the pink ifrogz case withstood a lot of abuse from my toddler .
other headsets ( like plantronics ones for example ) allow you to swivel the earloop to switch ears if you get tired of using it on one ear .
i bought this adapter because my htc rezound is a power hog , and my other cigarette adapter chargers could n 't charge my phone fast enough .
it is supposed to have an auto shut off when the phone reaches its full charge .
it charges all of our 2 . 0 usb devices like galaxy phones , tab notebooks and even some older phones .
left all ports , side buttons and switches open to use while still being protective .
i charge it once per week , meaning i get 24 32 hours of talk time .
i used these for listening to sports and talk radio .
if 700ma is provided , they 'll still charge , just a bit more slowly . this is an excellent quality name brand travel micro usb charger at a price that beats the no name junk from third party sellers .
a stereo or dual mono version would be welcome .
not sure it 'd fit the note sized phones ( i . e .
for next to nothing , i got a silicone skin case , cable , wall charger , and car charger .
this happens with all bluetooth headsets but less with this one .
i just used the medium size earbud and it fit perfectly in my ear from the get go .
i use them with my iphone 3g s and have found that the jazz setting for the eq produces the best results .
intelligibility is not a problem , but the sound is a bit disconcerting .
uhura style headsets . i have a motorola v3 and my car and wall chargers fit this headset so i can charge it anywhere . great value for the money .
it looks well made and works just fine .
it holds a charge well and reads the correct battery percentage .
stays plugged in the cigarette lighter unlike others that pop out .
to be fair the marketing hook for this unit is the microphone technology .
the mp4 video recording is also of decent quality .
the sound opens up a bit at higher volumes like most headphones speakers if you want something a little more punchy but for me , low volume . etymotic really stepped up their industrial design design with this product .
it 's protecting the back side of my iphone pretty well .
spend the money on a better short cable .
but in verizon store you ca n 't get belt clip for samsung galaxy note 2 .
as a mono bluetooth it works great , although a bit on the heavy side .
i really like the blue led light encircling the igo logo , which goes on when the charger is connected and charging a device . ( the light goes on when your ignition key is turned to accessories on , or turned all the way to start with the car 's engine running . ) charging my smartphone with this car charger is much slower than charging it from an adaptor plugged into an electrical outlet .
my advice , simple , order this or any plantronics headset , take the change and get some new games or apps on that fancy android handset . . .
the back area has a flat , slick , x area while most of the sides retain a textured area that works very well when holding in your hand .
cable arrived quickly and works fine .
the unit itself input charges from a micro usb connection which means you can use your phone charger to charge the charger ( unless you are an apple user that is ! ) . it has 4 battery gauge leds that come on and stay on during charging which is really nice .
steady noise is eliminated but music and voices still cause interference .
wind noise isolation is ok in winds up to about 15 mph .
if it had true nex technology voice recogition i would keep it .
and it 's not by hearing . second , there 's the shiny blue light .
the 4 . 5 5 star reviews on this phone are entirely accurate . from a comfort perspective i opted to use the over the head holder vs .
it allows full access and looks nice .
multitask system symbian 5th edition is really the strength of this model , which allows to do many things at once .
because there is only one main button that is used for everything , it is very easy to accidentally activate voice dialing , last number redial , etc .
the sound quality had just the right mix of base and treble .
this headset passed the dad test for me .
a percheron hoof would be the death knell for this pretty and functional , but let 's face it , delicate phone .
slight torque on the arm could easily break it off .
i tried using a 12v cord for the droid x and it charged the unit ok , but when i ran the gps navigation , it kept cutting out .
and even better , i can fit all of my charging and headphone devices perfectly , unlike the spigen .
meaning , all game sounds are still routed through the television or your stereo receiver . these would have been a slam dunk , but the bt stack the ps3 uses will not allow the transfer of game sounds through bluetooth .
constantly messing with the piece to keep it touching your jaw .
review update the seller is altec .
i would attribute this to the inherent signal delay introduced by the booster which probably does not affect voice calls , so do n 't expect higher data rates when using the booster with a data card .
it allows for both belt and clip on attachment .
it looks and works just like to apple version that came with the ipad .
but mine 's in the center console , so it works fine .
this is , by far , the best bluetooth headset i have ever owned .
it works , but only with very thin earbuds .
i could unplug my other devices , or just use a110v usb charger or 12v car charger i have a few of these lying around .
very pleased with it and it is easy to stw away
converts mini to micro usb , keeping your phone charger out of the landfill for just a little longer .
the ribbons on these screens are wrong
it fits and adjusts in a variety of configurations . . .
i just hate the overly bright blue led on it , and had to cover it with electrical tape .
other than that , the products work perfectly .
this is not a good head set !
it was effortless . the bad song skip forward and back does n 't work .
once charged , this battery lasts about 6 hours without mush usage .
the device could be a nice adapter if it was smaller and does not cause launching the music player .
the second one i bought lasted about 9 months , but now the button to answer or hang up on a call does not work .
the product itself is not bad , but the size of the headset is somewhat large and this model does not have the accidental call lock button .
reception is good and it pairs with my l2 quickly and easily .
also fits comfortably in the ear .
the pouch looked better in picture .
looks and works great for any phone using a micro usb charger .
you can not wear it comfortablly while wearing sunshades .
the first holder works well when my iphone 4 has no bumpers of any kind .
good style is essential to any apple design .
i have also used it to make hands free calls and works very well .
also , there are some crazy big ear gels in there .
construction is fair . comfort a , the most comfortable and stable headset ever .
i have an acer one netbook , and i use this hub to power my cd dvd external drive , my laptop cooler pad , and my 1tb external hard drive .
i find the audio out from my tilt to be superior to my itouch with my tilt connected to this adapter and the itouch to the apple cradle .
the lowepro d wrap is for cameras , but not much else .
the charger even has an accessory belt clip so you can carry it with you as a holster for the headset .
not as good as my plantronics headset , but certaintly good enough for the times i am listening to music .
this baby is fast fast fast quality of workmanship is excellent .
the boxwave evertouch stylus feels good in my hand , is light weight , and works great on ipads and iphones with or without screen protectors .
krusell makes the best cell phone cases in the world .
plastic face was scuffed when arrived .
this is an awesome headset that works better than expected .
parrot mki9000 , mki9100 , and mki9200 are the same except for the display . 9000 has no display , 9100 has 2 line led display , and 9200 has color lcd .
the igo bluetooth keyboard works great .
these cables are nearly exactly like the oem ones from apple .
it also does n 't work as well with holding mp3 players too .
out of this case my phone still looks brand newish over a year later . although 90 of the case is intact , today i ordered a new ifrogz luxe case in a different color so that i will have that strip of plastic protecting the bottom front of the phone . update noticed a small crack in the phone as i was swapping cases .
the behind the head part on the backbeat is flexible . this headset is multi point , you can pair to more than one device at a time . if you are trying to decide between the backbeat 903 and the 906 , the only difference is that the 906 comes with a bluetooth adapter for devices that do n 't support bluetooth .
i have n 't been able to get it to pair with both my phone and my ipod 's adapter .
it 's too rigid from the charger , device tip to device . nice . . . . )
the suction cup mounts securely and the angle adjusters on the arms work well , even though the whole thing is just a little wobbly .
the blue color looks neat in the dark , too .
this charger works , feels and looks just as described .
i emailed their support through their online form but have not received and answer yet .
there is nothing on top of the case to hold the phone in .
there is a good amount of movement up and down inside the case .
i 'm not a huge fan of in ear sets , but the discovery came with 3 handy in ear silicone pieces that fit my small ears pretty well .
it comes with three different inner ear rubber pieces so that fit great for me but the loop over my ear bends and breaks way too easily .
for an oem product , this was really inexpensive and works perfectly .
the case comes in layers the holster , the silicone layer and a hard plastic layer . installation of the otterbox is easy enough and was included on the package card which you will have to open up .
the seller shipped quickly , and item was exactly as described .
the phone is already held inside an otter rough case for protection from dirt and water .
drops connection at close range occasionally .
could just as easily used a paperclip , but this fits nicely into my iphone 5 . the iphone 5 is missing a sim ejector , a necessity since a sim chip comes standard on all models ( gsm cdma ! ) of the iphone 5 . fast shipping too good buy .
nowadays , there are plenty of inductive chargers where you do n 't need metal on metal .
i never realized how much the amperage output of a charger mattered until i got this and my s4 's oem charger . it 's only 1amp , but that 's a lot better than the average car charger .
even though my wife has small hands , she struggled with getting the plug into the earbuds .
i did n 't want to attach a clip to my iphone directly so i bought asena 152201 ultraslim pouch for iphone and iphone 3g ( black ) and superglued them .
also , suggest minimizing and controlling the bulk padding thickness of the flap during manufacturing , which seems to be inconsistent even among the same model and size .
i 've used blueant , motorola 's , sony 's , you name it .
it makes typing easier because the keyboard on the screen is so small .
this new easy pak 7000 is so much smaller and lighter weight .
so i went on the search for an over the head set that had an extended battery life .
the quality of these headphones is pretty cheap .
battery life has never been an issue and it recharges really fast .
works better than the usb charger that came with the samsung galaxy note 2 . it charges faster and works with off brand batteries too .
the case is easy to snap onto the phone .
this retractable cable is perfect for connecting ipods , phones , mp3 players , etc to the aux input on a car .
the measurement listed are the inside measurements .
i buy a $ 25 access card every couple of months and avoid the taxes .
very convenient these work perfectly .
i also keep my zune and my phone charger plugged in .
the battery life on this blue tooth is way too short !
quality and or durability of the retractable part may or may not hold up well but only time will tell about that .
it 's a very sleek looking case .
not the best ive purchased but it came with the right size for iphone 4 but the ones with the yellow handles are really just different sizes for a star screw , and none of them fits the iphone 4 star screw .
this product works exactly as advertised .
good voice , screen display quality , and reception .
i am a real stickler for iphone screen protectors .
plastic outer shell makes the commuter case much easier to slip in and out of holsters while leaving the rubber shell sufficiently exposed to facilitate a secure grip . 4 . aesthetics impressive .
seller1on1 always beats the estimated delivery dategood purchase .
bear mountain cases are better , real leather , and cost less ( about $ 20 for the ipad mini ) .
not worth returning , the postage cost more than the items .
this charger works for my motorola defy and the cool blue light adds a nice touch to my center console .
great price works well especially when working out .
i use this to charge my motorola bluetooth headset in my car .
my only complaint really is that the tone of voices on my end sounds a bit like a tin can phone .
the gel inserts on the jabra is quite uncomfortable , at least for me .
step 3 is the tricky part .
until lately , my car tape player kept rejecting it out .
an excellent fit for the phone .
uses a standard 110 wall outlet to charge , and my droid razr was completely recharged almost 3 times . comes with a usb cable for droids and a cable for the samsung galaxy . the bells and whistles , i . e .
it is a hard case and protects my product well .
super fast shipping 100 happy a seller
call quality in my opinion is even better when i use this headset . pros perfect voice quality battery lasts long noise cancelling microphone makes others to hear you solidcons bulky expensive ( but worth this money )
it is hard to adjust the volume while in use .
hooks up snug to the phone and power supply in my truck .
i 'm sending this useless antenna back for a refund . i purchased a wilson 301101 trucker antenna , mounted it on a magnetic base for a cb antenna and stuck it on the roof and it works great .
i absolutely love that they have finally made a way to flip the bottom of the case back so you can place the phone in the dock .
first , the goods stereo sound is very good ( for a wireless device ) ; comfort is good , except there are no alternate size speaker cups in the bulk package .
i run a bluetooth adapter and charge my phone through this leaving me one extra usb port and cigarette lighter in case i need it . it does come with mounting screws and double sided tape .
there is a slide out feature to the headset which is really beneficial when there is any wind .
i get less than 1 hour of talk time and less than 48 hours of standby time .
it connects immediately when you open the boom .
. . . . . . . i went with the following charger fro an amazon 3rd party for 17 bucks does it all blackberry pearl 8130 desktop charger comes with an ac adaptor , a docking cradle and an usb data cable .
these actually do work for the iphone 's capacitative screen , which is not pressure based .
i love the cool blue light that lights up too .
pros light weight , micro usb charger , controls are easy to use . cons uncomfortable the loops that go around your ear are hard plastic and dig into the side of my head , i wear a 7 1 4 hat size .
these are by far the best value for the money . $ 1 . 50 for five reusable protectors ?
this is where one of the moisture sensors is located so it 's important to keep that port protected .
could not clean whatever gunk was on the case .
good sound and they stay in my ear while mowing the lawn and working out at the gym .
headset has full handsfree functionality that is very easy to use . outbound sound quality b , callers can hear me fairly well , but many have complained of a pronounced speakerphone effect requiring some self repeating .
amazingly powerful speakerphone in such a small package .
i really like the extra button that secures it to my belt better .
i was blown away by this headset !
biggest problem was the 'multi purpose' button .
so when you pull the phone away from your face it does not automatically show the end call button or keypad numbers .
oem battery , works great and received in just 3 days !
this product came in s small ziplok bag with only one set of ear buds , in the picture and in the description it lists multiple sizes .
but , first , let 's enumerate its specs input 100 240v at this price dual voltage , amazing .
it does work for android and idevices and has a shelf for you device to rest on so you can see the screen while you type .
it fit perfectly , and works as advertised .
the dual usb output is also a great feature .
in fact , it 's night and day better than my integrated car bluetooth . looks great !
bought a verizon charger that works great .
i had trouble sticking both the silver plate and the black plate to my dashboard .
i am really impressed at how new trent was able to fit a 5200mah battery into such a small design .
very comfortable , adjustable length with a little sliding thing .
it is easy to use with the ipod and provides versatility to the device .
the itorch feels really nice to hold .
this looks great , swivels , and has the magnet or whatever it is that lets your bb know it is in the holster .
this is a much , much better headset than the old hs500 . this has the bt 2 . 0 standard .
their bulky model is supposedly good for all micro usb phones yet it does n 't really secure in the slot very well . after receiving this motorola adapter , not only does it seem to fit more securely for my phone .
it 's a tacky pad that is non adhesive and keeps stuff from sliding around on the dashboard .
while trying to remove the phone , i broke the small , thin section near the volume control buttons .
the cable could easily break at this end since there is no bend protection at the base of the connector .
the manual on the web should be made up to date by a manufacturer at the very least ) . once the headset was reset , not only was the sound quality better , i could finally use the long duration tap of the answer button feature to initiate voice calling on the cell phone through the headset . i actually like the headset now .
large ear piece did not fit in my ear .
another nice feature is the material 's ability to stay put if left on a car seat .
this car charger is easy to use .
over all for $ 225 shipping and handling of $ 20 i have to say that this was a real bargain .
the clip is also a great addition to the headset .
it has the same os as the e71 . the main diferences are 2 mp vs 3 mp in the e71 , no gps , no front camara .
the water was maybe 2 34 ; deep .
mine already came with ear phone , usb cable , leather case and 256mb memory card .
it fits well in my truck .
this is the best bluetooth headset i 've owned in terms of comfort and sound quality .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
i used the headset with voip to call a landline , and there was a noticeable delay of at least 2 seconds at both ends .
this is the first headset i have owned , both corded and cordless , that sounds nearly as good as a land line . the battery life is amazing .
i can also control my music with the headset ( pause , next song , previous song , volume , etc . . . ) . the battery life is amazing .
buy 2 of this usd data charging cables .
wow , a full 6 to 8 hours talk time !
this simple gadget turns the cigarette lighter into two usb ports , making it easy to plug in two devices at the same time .
it seems to be made of good quality material , gives a very good feeling when holding the phone .
the powerbear cases is a great fit and a good kick stand on teh back for entertainment .
this is only the pod to rest the phone in when the pod is plugged into the charger .
but if you want a headset to fit a stereo treo with a mic , answer button , and decent sound , it 's hard to find one that costs less .
it looks good and the dimple makes it easy to unplug .
i use rechargeable aa 's and i can have a fresh pack charging and 6 in the unit and swap 'em out easily .
cell phone problems ? complete your suite of abuse with the highly rated jawbone prime platinum by aliph .
the blueant unit works well and sounds good to both the caller and receiver .
i 've tried pressing the 590 's phone and mute buttons to unmute the microphone , but nothing seems to work . i 'll call their support number to try and make the 590 's work for skype calls .
i use an iphone 3gs , and have been looking for one primary feature in a bluetooth earbud for 2 years ; the ability to play audio podcasts ( narration not music ) , thru one bluetooth earbud .
works great for protecting the screen of the phone .
this was a nice one but ear peice kept breaking finally got the blue ant
i was a little hesitant when i opened the package because it was in a small zip lock bag , no manufacturer brand packaging .
quality is incredible and he synced it in seconds .
the process of fitting your electronic device ( ipod cases cost $ 40 ) into the charging case for the powermat can be tricky at first .
this is the palm oem version and fits great and looks as good .
my dog has massive chompers ; she snaps bones easily .
the otterbox does keep the pone safe .
i have the phone setup to enter bedside mode when charging .
it did not work with my droid razr maxx .
cons only 1 case for credit cards and it is partially exposed .
works great and charges ipads , tablets , smartphones as well as bluetooth speakers and headsets .
it allows you charge your cell phone on the cradle with the usb data cable , and charge the extra battery with the ac adaptor .
if you 're using it with your cellphone and turn on your ps3 , the headset will switch to the ps3 mode ( requiring you to either turn the ps3 off or talk on the phone ) . sound quality is great both hearing others and them hearing you . important to note the headset ( including the charging base and usb cable ) are available in a bundle with the socom ps3 game socom u . s .
portable which is a ( ) , four ( aa ) batteries came with it ( energizers ) that was cool .
this can be worked around in the two port new trent chargers by plugging a high power device into the other port , but since this charger only has one port , that 's a no go .
cosmetically , the generic and oem cables look very similar , but the construction on this cable feels very cheap .
other than that this is clearly a well thought out and well designed piece of silicone . cheers . matt
i 've successfully charged many different devices samsung captivate , blackberry curve 3g , jabra bt earpiece , iphone 3g and 3gs , and ipod classic .
they claim leather but it is really faux leather aka .
this means it plugs directly into the pre without any need to order an extra cable or adapter .
i 've got a dozen slim hardshell cases for the iphone 3gs and this by far is the best fit , mostly because it covers the top edge of the phone too .
priced so low for a quality product
it looks good and provides protection .
again , this may be lg voyager issue . travel pouch sucks .
all ports are available , with the microphone and charging ports being covered with silicone tabs . for the price , this case ca n 't be beat . if you need even more protection , there is a defender version of this case available .
i purchased the black and the pink seidio cases for our blackberry curve 8330 's they are so simple to snap on , have a really nice rubberized feel ( despite being hard plastic ) and they add a really nice heft to the phone , making it feel slightly heavier and otherwise more substantial .
i have an incipio 2 piece case , and there is just no way i can fit it into this very nice accessory .
i use this headset on my msi wind , and i have tried many bt headsets .
when you use it as an in ear only headset , there is a tiny ( barely noticeable , but there ) amount of static .
i use this to recharge my plantronics m50 bluetooth headset .
notice the simple bowl shape that fits inside your ear canal .
used this device successfully for about two weeks before the prongs broke off the end that attaches to the phone .
i like the cool blue motorola accent that lights up when it is plugged in .
however , the surface has not posed any problems for suctioning .
they look cheap but work great .
not compatible with ios 7 . 0 . 4 . supposedly this unit ( which i otherwise like ) is compatible with the iphone 5s .
wrong ! it 's a cheap piece of bended metal plastic .
phone call quality is excellent for both parties .
no mishandling , no rough use , just stopped working , seems some mfg defect .
it makes a good basic phone for making and receiving calls .
i have our ipod in an otterbox case , and the flap opening catches on one edge of the connector .
in any case , i can highly recommend the jabra headset .
the sound quality is very nice ; much better than open ear styles , pairs easily with my pc , g1 , ps3 , and my vtech home phone .
i bought this stylus for my father who was having trouble typing and selecting icons on the iphone .
the genuine leather on the outside is nice , but i think a synthetic inner lining may be more appropriate for this type of thing .
roughly about 2 . 5 inches in length about 1 inch high and 2 inches in width . otherwise , a fine purchase that saves on the wear and tear of charging by the side outlet .
the built in screen protector seems to get an 'oil slick' effect , or air bubble or two .
i got it in hopes that the orange would match my 2006 gomango charger , and it does match perfectly !
could have been better for the price and wait time . 2 of the drivers are labeled as a 1 . 5 but are clearly different sizes .
this stereo bluetooth device works well but there are corded ear buds and a chain , so you have things hanging all over you when using it .
this one charges the device perfectly .
you should not expect oem retail packaging though .
this bluetooth headset has now replaced my normal one .
i 'm no audiophile , and use a pair of jbl radial 2 . 1 speakers in my normal setup , but these will sound awful to even the untrained ear .
guess you could get some protection from a baggie , but at this low price the kwik tek is cheap insurance for your phone and priceless data .
this headset is a real winner .
it looks awesome and it 's low profile doesnt add a lot of bulk .
it fits perfectly and looks sexy .
i also love the builtin laser pointer and flash light .
this power pack can be charged with any of your devices 8217 ; plug in chargers or from a usb port on your pc .
this is a good blue tooth .
i purchased a new moshi iglaze , very similar in design and materials to the incipio .
i got this for someone that had needed a mid day mobile charging solution .
the green color is easy to find in my purse .
they make drawing and we rule farming a lot easier .
there are no markings on the cable to indicate it is a blackberry oem cable .
never had any problems of any kind at all ! ! ! plantronics voyager pro ai n 't that friendly with pc 's ! ? most advanced bt headset on the market can not be paired with skype on vista ?
boy am i glad i did a charger , car adapter , and retractable usb all for less then $ 10 including shipping .
the cable includes software , but it comes on a mini disc that does n 't work without an adapter or a computer that will specifically read load mini discs .
the description states for iphone , however when the package arrived in bold print on the front it says for itouch .
i 've tried a variety of bluetooths ( samsung , moto , plantronics , etc ) , holding out on the jawbone version 1 because of size and price .
the inside is of a soft material to protect the screen .
this is the best one ( seller cable . ) the quality of the cable is great .
excellent value and it feels good in hand .
even if i set the earspeaker to the lowest volume .
they look amazing , they feel great , but the bottom black part is a bit flimsy .
in my opinion callpod should have included this accessory with the callpod chargepod .
these earbuds sound about as good as i suspect bluetooth can , and are the only wireless earbuds i 've found anywhere that i can honestly describe as comfortable and well designed .
i get significa n 't transmission static with this headset with my i mate sp3i unless i point the phone directly at the headset from a few feed away .
cable has nice molded ends as seen in the photo should hold up to repeated cycles without worry of falling apart like most plastic shell cables .
i love that this headset stays firmly on the head with the band and firmly on the ear with just the ear piece .
the top of the charger lights up when the car is on , but because it is a closed compartment , the light does n 't affect my driving or distract me .
no longer need something like that with magnets and wireless charging .
this charger works great on a droid x .
needed a power source with a mini usb .
this is 3 charges off of one charge .
when i received it and put it together , i was disappointed . allow me to elaborate . . . griffin has a good idea here ; instead of a goose neck , it uses a ball and socket joint type system of arms to position your ipod touch iphone .
verizon offers very helpful blackberry workshops , which are more useful than the documentation that comes with their phones .
bluetooth is bluetooth , and it 's up to the computer manufacturer to support the profiles supported by various devices .
it 's a sturdy and well made stand for electronic devices .
it gives your iphone a beautiful red gloss . 2 . a great fit .
this smartphone requires the igo a97 tip ( seeigo power tip for the kindle 2 , kindle dx motorola razr2 , q2 , krazr2 ) . you can find out which tip your device needs by searching amazon , or by visiting the igo web site . this is a well made , good looking car charger .
fits my car 's cigarette lighter plug snugly and stays in .
i needed a stereo bluetooth device because my verizon xv6800 wo n 't play audio through the bluetooth , except phone calls , with a mono device .
also , this adapter makes a very secure connection .
awesome do get it fits securely around the phone .
still , a great value in a diy kit to give new life to your tired iphone 4s !
you can answer the phone or hang up when the call is completed without ever touching the receiver . the lifter came with a plug in mini microphone ring detector that attached to my base phone and it allowed the base station to notify me when the phone was ringing .
works great inside buildings . clear beautiful color screen and camera .
i use these with iphone 3gs and a blackberry curve auto shutoff after the phone moves out of range .
it makes them much more apparent than a standard clear or anti reflective screen protector .
the plug on this particular charger is very flimsy .
as others have noted this offers great protection of the touch and phone .
but wiggles in my accord 's socket . ( and oddly , is hard to remove . )
no damage to case or phone so it does its job well . 4 stars because it blocks wifi signal shortening the distance you can be from the wap . . .
luckily , this sim card tray mimics the apple unit perfectly .
it fits tightly into the lighter and snugly into my phone .
at work the background noise is on the edge of needing earplugs but this keeps up while blocking some of the background noise .
mine is paired with a moto q .
prosmicro usb charging port most all of my gadgets use micro usbsmall sizelightlasergood quality , so farnice , comes with bagconsbattery capacityonly charges one device , not like duallaser goes off really fast , function to keep it lasting longer like light ( maybe a button for laser or light ) ? overall , a great battery .
this wilson ibooster will also charged your iphone .
fits well and is comfortable in the hand .
especially useful in nights to see the time in a dimly backlit screen .
this one feels solid and it chargers the phone almost as quick as a wall plug .
it works with many products to send your music via bluetooth .
mine says t mobile when it starts up , but since it 's unlocked i just pop in my at t ; card and it works fine . * * edit unlocked phones might not work .
it really takes two hands to put this thing on , too . the quality in hearing conversations is also excellent .
it works good , it feels good , and it looks good .
two ports , one high amp one normal and a small for factor make this a winner .
the avchd controls work perfectly , which is great no more fumbling around to flip to the next song or pause , just press the button on the headphones .
i had a 1 . 0a usb charger and this thing was just crap .
i did try the various sized plastic thingys but i felt like goldilocks trying to find the perfect fit .
it 's stylish and the prongs fold in when not in use .
i recently bought a juice pack for my iphone 4 , and it takes the micro a usb cord .
connect time to cell is about 1 2 seconds after opening . comfort is the worst thing about this headset .
the duracell powergrid is trying desperately to capitalize on the new cordless charging device playground , but the service that this item provides is so out of date that it borders on being embarrassing .
it was attractive til the shriveling started though .
this is the phone cingular insurance replaced my sony ericsson w600i phone with .
anybody who has used any headset in either wired or wireless configuration would certainly have been familiar with plantronics .
continues to work with xp well .
great case , the green color is shimmery metallic .
even with my samsung galaxy s3 which requires a higher ( 1a ) rating ( just takes longer to charge so i use it as an overnight charger ) .
it has a minimal profile and fits in pouches or pocket well .
the ends that connect to your iphone were completely out of alignment on both cables !
the earpiece is comfortable to wear and is light enough that you forget you have it on . the headset has the feature to operate with two bluetooth devices simultaneously and the smart technology feature connects you to the proper device with a touch of a button .
blamed it on the wonderful at t service .
thanks to the usps for delivering it so quickly ! it seems to be an original charger , and was well packaged in a small plastic bag and bubble wrap .
the item is not as pictured , but it connects syncs charges .
this is the best phone charger i have ever owned !
i did n 't want to muck around that much , so i called plantronics customer service . i called after hours and the system referred me to plantronics . com .
however , i can say that these are awesome for putting those city stickers or parking stickers on your windshield that need to be replaced annually .
you do pay a bit more for the quality . it pairs with the ipad perfectly following the easy directions in the owners manual .
using a fully charged itorch , i attempted to charge my ipad 3 from 3 battery life .
i also have the s11 hd flex , the only one better than this .
the jury is still out on this since most of my chasing this year has been within t mobile cell coverage .
but with it on the phone you loose one two power bars or on two wifi rings .
the belkin micro usb carger let 's me run my navigation and play music when driving my toyota prius , it also keeps the charge up on my phone !
based on recharging process , i felt many times .
bought this to use the headset with the lg .
this is an upgrade of an earlier single battery unit .
on the negative side , the visor holder for this unit needs improvement .
product came without shipping slip , no protective packaging . . bluetooth was placed in a plastic bag , slipped in an envelope and mailed .
not bad for free shipping from a third party seller !
this is a great headset , but please make note this headset will not work if your os version on your blackberry is less than os v4 . 6 . i have 4 . 5 on my blackberry , and none of the features worked at all .
in fact , i 'm not even sure how they can include the word 34 ; case 34 ; in its description it 's very light , flimsy , and feels cheaply made .
i also like the ability to swivel the cradle so you can adjust for your phone better viewing .
i would have liked to see a standard 3 . 5mm headphone jack , but the l7 requires either an adapter or by wireless bluetooth usage . overall , although the slvr itunes phone is the first of it 's kind , its hampered by so so performance and a high price tag .
the t5 screwdriver did no work at all .
this is a great short lived stylus .
my touch sensitive devices seem to work better with the thinner material .
the boom could be a bit longer . only negative is they do n 't include an ipod blackberry ( some ) android 4 conductor 3 . 5mm adapter , but i already have several .
i turn auto answer off and just fold out the boom to turn on the headset as needed .
plantronics won me over and will always warrant my serious consideration when purchasing new bluetooth ear pieces .
otherwise i found this great for the price . pros it paired so easilygood sound qualityneutral not very comfortable but okconsmultifuction button redails the number frequently
while the buttons 'beep' , the readout is blank .
this battery is perfect for blackberry 8700 , it has long standby time and quick to charge , eforcity 's delivery was speedy too .
it was mainly to play games which required precision like space physics .
fits my motorola atrx perfectly , even with otterbox defender case on it
for the traveler and even the stay at home , retractable cables are the way to go . with microusb connectors well on their way to becoming a de facto standard , i needed new retractable cables with these connectors . amzer is a packager with a large line of products manufactured by others .
i really . . . really liked this case . . . until the plastic tabs on the side broke .
the connection on the new charger seems to snap in a lot better than this one ever did .
caller id will show the phone number but not the callers name .
goes into the lighter port a little rough but it charges the phone fine .
it makes it easy to get in and out of cases . i do recommend the darker colors .
battery would not charge in iphone .
the pogo sketch has a thick tip on it and it really feels like you are writing with a crayon on a piece of paper .
there were both interior and exterior concrete block walls , and coverage inside the building ranged from iffy to non existent .
i was using feather light touches and my kindle fire barely reacted to it .
this case easily accommodated the switcheasy case and also works well without a case on the phone .
it takes patience to get your battry lines up just right on the charger .
and had a noise canceling button .
charges and holds my bold 9650 very well .
it has held up pretty well over the years except for the plastic cover in front of the lcd .
the imp52d came worked out perfectly .
it charges my sgs3 as quickly as the plug in home charger does .
i thought i 'd start clean and use this headset instead of my motorola , which is recommended by the storm manual ; the lock up problem is better , but the phone still locks up occasionally . this headset fits more securely than my oldmotorola h700 bluetooth headset , but it takes considerably more pressure to press the control , and there is a longer delay between pressing the control and getting any response on the storm .
this could be an ideal case , but after only 2 weeks the clips that hold the two halfs together started breaking .
even though both devices support the handsfree profile , you only get the headset profile when you pair the hs 850 and a treo 650 . this would seem to be treo 's issue .
i can push the slide icon on the touch to unlock , can scroll through my contacts , and can easily type emails .
pairing to my iphone was a breeze .
the embossed sides , the nice rubbery feel gives good comfort and it 's not a dust magnet . i only ordered this case because the the one that i had did not protect the corners of the phone when dropped .
and to toggle between laser and charging is easy , but to turn on the flashlight is a little annoying .
a green light tells you when the phone is being charged .
this is the third samsung cell phone charger that i have purchased from amazon .
it is recognized as an ac charger and charges the phone even while multi tasking . i like the coiled cord as well ( i 'm also using a 90 degree adapter to make it easier to plug into the phone ) .
i did n 't realize that this cable was an oem cable since the price was $ 0 . 43 . it fits the narrow jack on the phone perfectly .
design is pretty messed up . 8 . 1 8 of color lcd screen is already dying only after 5 month of useage . 9 . signal is very poor .
all the features work as advertised except the fm transmitter in my 4runner , probably because the car 's antenna is , i believe , in the back glass .
bluetooth conecteivity is simple to establish .
i have a dapt charging station .
they have paired easily with every device i 've tried , and even work very well as a hands free headset for a bluetooth cell phone .
i wish i never hit the confirm purchase button .
especially having nails , it helps to have an elevated key .
it is a much better experience drawing things with this pen , then using my finders .
the contacts on the curve , for example , are closer together . i would definitely recommend this stand for any blackberry owner .
the verizon pre comes with the touchstone back plate , whereas the sprint version does n 't . i have the verizon pre plus , which comes with the touchstone compatible cover , but not the actual touchstone .
on verizon , my lg g2 signal went from 92 to 82dbm on 1x , and from 102 to 85dbm on lte .
the batteries keep a charge for a long time , and recharging is easy .
unfortunately the material around the belt clip peeled away pretty quickly and the edges started to fray .
got this for my wife , given the california law requiring handsfree cell phone use while driving .
definitely would recommend a parrot kit .
it followed me through 2 . 5mm cell phones to 3 . 5mm cell phones with an adapter .
while the original juice pack has a mat finish , the juice pack air has a very smooth finish which makes it a bit slippery .
the design also keeps the face ( screen ) from toching the surface should you lay it face down .
and it seems to charge faster , ive not timed anything but it seems faster , i like the illumiated blue ( m ) built into the plug , even if it is just for look ( ok its a power indicator ) but its a flashy indicator .
i 've had other bluetooth stereo headphones from sony , motorola and plantronics .
this is an attractive case with a black vinyl exterior ( not leather i do n 't understand why amazon allows this claim ) a padded yellow interior .
now the feather case by incipio is currently my case of choice . . . .
however , it comes with a car charger and an attachment to charge through any usb port on a computer !
be aware that there 's no way the cmos camera can take equivalent pictures as ccd camera , even with the carl zeiss lens .
however , the noise cancelling and volume auto adjustment is perfect .
my s4 slides snug and slides out with a gentle pull .
this is actually a lightweight comfortable phone headset .
actually the pocket ca n 't really hold more than 4 or 5 business cards without making it difficult to close the treo in the case .
it just so happened that , that little doohicky actually fell out of my 7100 one week after the first year warranty was over .
bought this charger to replace my 5 year old mini usb charger from verizon .
the leather is more textured ( as seen in the product photo ) and the sides seem to have elastic stretch spot between the leather on the side pieces as opposed to the marware .
this does that and has a wonderful rubbery tactiness that allows me to really hold onto the phone .
i took off one star because the description says motorola retail packaging , but mine came in a small plastic bag with no retail packaging at all .
i snapped my headset in to the adapter and then snapped the adapter into the htc incredible and everything works perfectly .
broke my ford mustang 's power slot because the prongs are too heavy duty and large it pulled the slot out .
theres lots of flat matte black cases out there but i liked this one because it has a lil black gloss trim and that helps the phone slide in and out of my pocket easily .
charges and synchs okay . build quality is not so great .
i recommend the t mobile version however because the rate plans are much better at about half what cingular charges .
the charger has a soft blue light that tells you it has power .
indeed , the sound quality is on par with an amplified motorola headset , complete with background hiss and disturbance .
i was worried about this order because the picture on the description page kept changing to a less desireable green orange cover .
when wearing on your belt , natural 34 ; tension pulling 34 ; will cause the stitching to be strained , so i reinforced weak points with the same bits of leather .
the iphone with the poly case fits nicely into the holster .
i own an incase slider , griffin elan form and a snap on case ( brand name forgotten ) . all are good cases with the incase taking top honors esthetically .
the usb portion of the cable , stayed in the computer ! never again !
air bubbles are terrible to get off the screen .
however , it occasionally emits a soft beep that has yet to be resolved . outbound sound quality b , callers can hear me fine , but some have complained of a speakerphone quality to the sound .
charges phone fast in the car .
i can carry it on an airplane with no security issues as lithium battereies are prohibited in checked luggage .
for walking they are very comfortable and stable no fiddling with them as with various wired ear buds tried .
i have tried other sticky pads .
i have a seperate set of sony earbuds that sound amazing and used them on the handsfree .
the little clock comes up and the keyboard lights up .
in the meantime , i 'll get by with a wired pair of earbuds .
does not sit flush in 12v car plug . . .
the charger pins fold down so it is good for travel and is small enough to fit in a power strip without interfering with other plugs .
compared to my much cheaper motorola stereo bluetooth headphones ( s305 ) , these simply do not work .
thanks to the seller and manufacturer .
good quality composite audio video cable and contacts . plug and play out of the box , could n 't be easier . provides good quality picture and sound .
the screen protector has a plastic cover on both sides .
over 100 reviews all rate thecyberpower high speed 7 port usb huba good to excellent product for adding usb devices to your pc , mac ; desktop or laptop .
then if i turned it up a notch , it shrieked . this new dect 6 . 0 gives wonderful sound quality .
just plugs right into the charger for my blackberry and charges right up !
i bought this to replace a verizon branded charger for my motorola droid razr ( original ) . it charges my device quickly .
this is my 4th bluetooth headset , and it is by far the best working headset .
the lanyard fits solidly in my husband 's plantronic ear piece and it keeps him from losing the headset .
also had trouble with the funky charger finally figured out how to plug it in the buds .
high quality looks and feel . and the ergonomics are very good too .
it 's a micro usb charger , made for the blackberry and sold under the blackberry name , in retail packaging .
i also used this with a different ( mini ) usb cord to recharge a sansa clip mp3 player .
this is the nokia oem car charger .
plantronics is doing better job on noise reduction , this is the best bluetooth i ever use .
the product came as described , with 5 screen protectors each individually packed in their own sleeve and 5 lint cleaning cloths , although i did n 't bother with the cloths .
a very nice holster for the iphone .
i removed the cover three times to wipe both the phone and cover with a microfiber cloth , but the watermark came right back .
in fact , i ordered the 10 color cases from them .
fits well on my ear , very comfortable .
it works perfectly with his iphone 5 and even works with siri .
very hard to operate . hard to get synced up with the phones .
fits reasonably well to my ears .
generic ( ma output and reliability at the top of the list ! ) .
it 's very comfortable as an over the ear speaker , instead of a headset that has an earplug .
it has a reassuring grip that is enhanced by the ridges on the back .
i use a mini usb cable to this unit .
however , hp does sell stereo headphones ( no microphone ) for most ipaq models . update 15 march 2005 am able to pair with axim x50v pocketpc .
package says it is made by samsung and appears to be an official accessory vs .
the stitching at the bottom of the belt clip strap is coming out about half out now , after only a few uses over the past two months .
they sound great , and work well indoors .
it is lovley sound quality is great .
the handset is then plugged in to the plantronics unit .
after i remembered the little pocket inside the case , i put 4 business cards inside .
not just any plastic or rubber will work on those , unlike the resistive touch screens which work by physical pressure .
the picture on amazon is a better match .
searched for droid 3 chargers when making my purchase .
the boxwave worked well on both of them .
phone stays completely charged while using gps .
on the right , a smaller box , packed with extra earpieces , a maintenance tool , a little zippered carrying case , and the earphones themselves . to insert these properly , you 'll have to pull on your ear a little to straighten the ear canal .
these headsets pair easily , and have good battery life .
after a few weeks of use i have found the powerpac to be well constructed , sturdy and easy to operate and understand one button and 4 led lights .
from the touch and feel it is a very lightweight phone with a full featured keyboard for e mail correspondences ( texting is allowed too ) and a touch sensitive scroll button which moves you across its various menus and apps .
the motorola phone tool software 4 . 0 does not support this phone .
it 's comparable to a generic $ 10 charger at a chain superstore . it has worked with my iphone 3gs flawlessly .
for my galaxy nexus , it lasts approximately two and a half charges for one full charge of the device .
there are contacts built in to the bb for this purpose .
little pieces everywhere . the h700 finally a good quality headset !
it seems to supply a higher current than the generic ( retractable ) charger i bought for my other vehicle .
if you have multiple usb based devices ( printers , keyboard , mouse , flash storage , usb speakers , iphone ipod jack etc ) and want to consolidate all your devices into a one single hub , then this hub does its job well . this devices works equally well both in windows ( vista ) and mac os ( leopard and snow leopard ) . it is about half the size of a medium sized hand . each usb port has its own dedicated led light .
watch out people the notched circular connection on these ear cushions does not fit the opening on a plantronic voyager pro the diameter is too small , and they fall out .
looks great with the name on it . . .
there is just enough firm sponge feel and a little bit of drag on the screen .
it 's also kind of bulky . also , the on off button to get it connected is hard to use .
this blocks the wind from the mic !
very pleased with the long life in between charges .
this looks exactly oem and performs as it should .
this is obviously a leather cover .
once i confirmed the full charge , i noticed the itorch showed one solid blue led and one blinking , indicating a remaining capacity of 35 . i still had enough to charge my bluetooth headset .
the plug end has a release button to depress when unplugging .
i assume i 'll have to replace the black foam ear pad things .
the price for this name brand charger ca n 't be beat and it works great to charge the phone on the go .
i bought these from wal mart , and all three screen protectors are bigger than the iphone 3g screen .
nice slim and tight fit case .
the audio and video quality are fine with this cable .
it arrived promptly and the product was exactly as expected a genuine samsung cable , which phone micro usb socket perfectly and works like a charm both for charging and data transfer .
the other openings around the sides line up perfectly , allowing ample room for access without letting in too much debris .
it blocks out truck noise , and wind when driving with the windows down .
the soft blue glowing m is pretty neat too . call me silly , but i was worried that the center blue light would be made out of glass and was concerned if the sun hit it , it might start a fire .
this is a solid adapter for both linking and charging .
when using a the portable nokia plug in charger , the otterbox allows enough space to plug and charge without removal , which many will find sufficient .
it will not stop anything from finding its way into the open sides . there is a very easy to use attachment screw that fastens into the tripod port on the bottom of the camera .
the noise blocking features really do cancel out quite a lot of background noise , without reducing call quality too much . one of the best parts of this headset is the included assortment of accessories .
i normally use the external battery packs to charge my nexus devices .
retractable thing is handy . 3 . it held together still after 6 months of use .
it is thicker and larger than a guitar pick .
one major advantage is the comparatively better comfort of the landline handsets , which is more ergonomically designed .
only sound coming from your mouth is picked up . stays in your ear without the loop , and seals the ear canal so well that i actually have to turn down my volume . the earpiece is the same as the shure e2c consumer grade in ear monitor ( which i also own ) . so you are essentially getting 1 2 of a $ 100 in ear monitor for your phone .
the cutout for the bottom microphone is so off center that the microphone is actually covered !
what 's hot very slim portfolio , stereo bluetooth , integration with itunes music , good call qualitywhat 's not flush keyboard makes for difficult navigation , expensive , non standard headphone jackthe verdict the slvr offers a razr inspired level of thinness , and the metal construction large display create an air of confidence for users .
it comes with an adapter cable for use with samsung devices and i did need it for the focus but not the galaxy tab .
let me explain . the box contained one charging surface , one power clip , and 3 tips . 2 of the tips are for mini usb sockets and another seemed to be intended for nokia device .
very easy , very intuitive i barely looked at the instuctions .
jawbone better when backgroung gets rough . the boom best of all but so far no bluetooth . . . . bites ear after awhile . good transmit and recieve audio .
used it abroad to swap sim cards !
the product detail listed however is not completely accurate . the actual dimensions of the screen protectors supplied are 3 . 0625 34 ; width x 4 . 25 34 ; heighta little too short to fit my smart phone completely , but it covers the majority and will work .
a hard shell phone case is fits really well and you can use it just like that plus a sliding cover with a clip .
summary stay away , this product sports a very poor design . . . pro very low price very small and lightweight relatively easy to use pair up well with all my bt phonescon morse code like feedback signal they try to accomplish too many tasks with single beep tone . 1 short beep , 2 short beeps , 3 short beeps , 1 long beep , 3 beeps up , 3 beeps down .
it comes with a micro usb charger to charge the unit .
it appears to be very well constructed and has a cool lighted blue motorola m when plugged in .
i have tried many bluetooth earpieces and this is the best .
i was somewhat surprised the rim included a pair of these earphones with the phone since my old earphones did not fit .
one portable hard drive never worked again .
this unit can have the input cable changed to accomodate this type of side loading tape .
it 's a samsung brand cable at a very low cost .
the matte finish makes the phone easier to use as your finger slides easier across the screen .
i can not skip track . 2 . it is hard switch the music device .
the thin section at the bottom however had broken and also a corner had broken but since overall i was pleased with the combination of protection and pocketability i replaced it with the same style .
keeps getting caught on my seat belt in the car .
it 's comfortable in the ear , has a mute function and works flawlessly with my ps3 and krazr !
when using this headset , virtually all background noise is eliminated .
the rated output is 5v and 700ma . this charger should work fine with most any phone that uses the micro usb connector .
this does not charge all of the items it fits .
the 34 ; grab 34 ; is perfect in the sense that it grabs the phone so that it does not obstruct any functions of the device and does not press any buttons .
i use the cigarette adapter to power my gps and the usb adapter to power my phone .
so i thought why not buy a charging pod to charge through the back ports .
the 90 degree angle means the power cord is n 't sticking straight out of the back of the dock .
with the precentral community , touchstone charger , patches , home brew apps and quickly growing app catalog i find myself constantly wanting more .
i keep ordering these because there 's nothing better for the price , but eventually , the foam 34 ; fingers 34 ; that grab the phone will break off from being squeezed .
if i had to comment on any negatives , i would say the led in the giant motorola symbol is way to bright .
not good for fine touch such as drawing , but good enough to select and type .
if you are an absolutely internet junkie , you 'll probably find t mobile 's abysmal coverage tolerable and sk 's true wireless internet access appealing .
it replaced the 4 foot long cord that she used to have spaghetti piled up on the console and works just as good .
great value and easy on the wallet .
they wrap around the head as advertised , but the back of the wrap hits the bottom of my neck , and the earphones are not rotated as far as they should be .
relinks to your phones easily and quickly
it works way better than the 7 port dlink it replaced .
with this mounted on a mast on the roof i get a solid 2 bars of 4g through a wilson sleek booster that did not work with the original antenna that came with the booster .
it looks like an apple cord and works like and apple cord , but it 's $ 13 cheaper .
this also had issues ( while better than this motorola t305 ) , and so i gave up on bluetooth and went for wired in ear sennheiser headphones
sony does not seem to care for customer needs .
i 've used other external chargers , and the itorch is much more compact and fits well in the hand .
these little straps are easy to install and holds the usb flash drives tight .
the 2 . 5mm trrs male is not a right angle , but more like a 45 . i recommend .
it is still great a great bluetooth headset .
these are not so good for data uploading from a phone to a computer , but the recharging works well .
because , this does not have a non removable rechargeable battery like most handsfree headsets .
it has a mute and volume control , but i never use them since my phone has a mute button on it and the volume is adjusted the way i like it . i really like this headset and would buy again if i lost it . plantronics mx505 x1 windsmart boom headset with 2 . 5mm plug ( black and gray )
the info supplied claims a standby life of up to 100 hours talk time of up to 6 hours .
for those looking for the standard 50 long cable , make sure you specify part ecc1du2bbe .
they use adhesive to attach to the back of your phone .
maybe plantronics is just copying the hyperbole of other manufactuers .
arrived in a retail package , appeared to be genuine nokia .
i was looking for a discrete bt earphone that worked ok .
it 's basically a standard micro usb cable .
this needs to be a fingernail application . volume buttons are hard to determine while wearing .
i have huge fingers and still ca n 't get used to doing the volume without looking at the buttons on the right ear phone . no noise cancelling feature in this model .
i really like all those sound and light notifications .
unlike the picture , this adapter actually supports stereo microphone in case you have a stereo microphone headset that you want to plug in there .
it is a very good quality headset for use all day long .
so make sure whatever usb adapter you use to charge the battery has enough power output and draw to allow the pack to charge safely .
i suggest you get one of those instead . price c convience c overall c
i purchased this headset to replace a jabra headset suddenly that died .
the phone is kept in my wife 's car 's stowage compartment and is pared with the audio system for making and receiving hands free calls .
there 's two ear hooks and ear gels .
a fairly obscure barcode sticker on the back does indicate , in small letters , that it also works for blackberry .
the internet radio plays through bluetooth in my car .
this charger will charge motorola v3 and any phone that has a mini usb connection for the charger .
now instead of looking like a cool metallic case , it looks like a cheap while plastic case that was once painted a cool metallic color .
when it did work it worked very well .
i wound up buying a two piece case that cost about $ 20 from a local store .
later i found out that you press both lt ; buttons on the right ear piece and it turns the lights on or off . compared to other headsets in the current bluetooth headset market , i 'd probably go with these .
perhaps for $ 10 it is worth having , but my cases has already worn away the color around the edges of the screen from playing games and using the phone .
the blackberry lether swivel holster fits my 8330 just fine , even with the hard skin included intransparent clear crystal snap on cover case rapid car charger premium clear reusable lcd screen protector for rim blackberry 8330 8310 8320 8300 curve smartphoneattached . the belt clip seems to be sturdy and strong so , hopefully , i will have better luck than some of the other reviewers . this good looking case is recommended !
they fit on the iphone 4 extremely well .
they are comfortable on the ear easy to switch from left to right .
the areas on the case where the power button and volume rocker are located are covered by plastic .
i still like the feature of the blue light that glows once you plug it in to the 9v lighter port .
it has the blackberry name and logo on it .
no more having to buy separate car chargers !
i carefully chose my case in size l long based on the iphone 5s dimensions ( 4 . 87 8221 ; x 2 . 31 8221 ; x 0 . 30 8221 ; thick ) . don 8217 ; t misunderstand , the phone perfectly fits inside this l long case , but it is a little snugg when it comes to removing it quickly .
no back ground noises to have to hear .
and it looks great . . . not as bulky as the over the ear headsets . one negative that i 've noticed is the short range .
however , the ring which goes around your ear is just is barely strong enough to keep the headset on .
they only seem to fully charge from my pc 's powered usb port .
i do a lot of mountain biking and wanted a bluetooth headset than is comfortable to wear and has good audio quality .
a great solution for those who ca n 't tolerate in the ear type headsets .
the openings in the bottom and top are placed perfectly .
as i wear glasses , the over the ear type was not very comfortable .
volume buttons hard to use too close together .
the sound is excellent and the microphone produces very clear sound . i 've never used a behind the neck headset before and only had over the head headsets .
the side walls are too thin and if this lays next to any 12 power source , my sirus radio in my case , you 'll get the electrical whine as the cars rpm 's increase and decrease .
a big plus is that you can use it as a passive headset by plugging in a 3 . 5 mm audio cable .
i would suggest finding one that either slips over the phone ( like the gel type covers ) or one that truly snaps around the phone .
clever gadget , but no extra room in the notch that holds the iphone to deal with a rubber cover around the edge . when the iphone is in the vertical position , the data power cord will not fit neatly into the phone .
i bought these to pair with my samsung p2 music video player .
i have an xm radio skydock plugged in to my 2006 toyota 4runner .
the glue on the back of the screen protector adheres to the iphone very well and the bubbles that appear upon install can be completely smoothed and eradicated .
bluetooth pieces are falling off the market like flies off a baker 's apron .
i like the belt loop and clip on options .
over the past 5 years , i have purchased over 7 bluetooth headsets , including 3 jawbone headsets .
the set is slightly tight around my ears but i 'm uncertain if its because i never wear an over the ears headset or if its the headphones .
this one is good for the desk , but not for carrying around . 4 adds around 5 feet of cable to your headphones .
charger works perfectly , but the best part is the cool blue glow .
as far as i know , iphone 4 battery capacity is 1420mah so the itorch could charge the cell 3 times .
the phone looks great as well and feels great in your hand .
i could understand if the 8220 ; size 8221 ; option was for different models of phones , but to have be different cases is just misleading , and probably saves boxwave money on listing fees . as for the actual case 8230 ; i bought this because it was one of the 8220 ; best cases 8221 ; for the s4 as per cnet .
if you search the internet , you will find that passive antennas like this are no different than that battery compartment sticker that claimed to improve cell phone reception , block radio waves from frying your brain , etc .
this headset has the usual plantronics quality and ups the ante with top of the line sound quality and reception .
fit is fine , though they should be adjusted to avoid or delay the 'head vise' feeling .
browsing the internet is n 't that smooth because the 5800 's touch screen is either overly sensitive sometimes or it just takes a slegdehammer to register an input .
running on two aa batteries , you can easily carry spares around .
the e71 is made of steel and this phone has a really soft to touch plastic in blue or red , the blue color is really nice .
works better than a paper clip , but is it worth it ?
i constantly have my police radar , iphone stereo hookup and charger , and my lg voyager charger plugged in !
this is by far the best bluetooth headset i 've ever owned .
for whatever reason ( thanks , apple ) the 5g nano displays message it wo n 't work with the adapter . this inexpensive mini usb adapter works fine .
also works for the new iphone 5 and ipad withretina display .
the 8900 fits in my hand just right .
perfect fit for my iphone5 in its uag case .
screen saver very easy to apply .
i did n 't have to raise the volume very much to hear my music and block the sound of the mower . my experience connecting to the msi starkey on my pc was not even near satisfactory .
i know the eternity fits perfectly with a hard rubberized case around it . great pouch , nice leather , unbeatable price !
i tested with my iphone 3gs and an apple ipod iphone usb cable and it works fine to charge .
it 's a beautiful color and slides on very easily .
it has no stand by mode and consumes 11 watts all the time .
so you ca n 't take a factory spec device and expect to mirror the home screen or anything like that , but you can play the stuff that the apple operating system wants you to play . i have a jailbroken iphone 3g running tvout2 mirror , a non istore app that mirrors all output to the cable .
awesome protection , awesome feel in the hand ( although a bit sticky ) , and awesome fit on the phone .
no issues at all . ( screen protector lint cleaning cloth ( 3 packs ) for apple iphone 3gs ) thanks guys .
but after only a year , i am having trouble getting the charger to connect and the shroud around the ear speaker has come off .
many of the dealers charge both steep per item and per shipment shipping charges , so the cheapest vendor for a single one may well be more expensive than other vendors for more than one .
i like the short cord better than the solid unit adapters as it provides a little more give twist if i 'm using a 6 usb cord at work .
the new trent arcadia pack has been great for me .
lucky , one of my older samsung phones cable was small enough . . . . and i have my own usb charger . . . . but no indicator lights on the dock . . . i found a much better solution qi wireless charger receiver pad for samsung galaxy s3 s9300nokia dt 900 wireless charging plate retail packaging redi can confirm that these 2 products work perfectly with my slim case on the phone .
the price on this cable is fantastic considering the fact that it is nokia oem .
worked well and prolonged it 's life a bunch !
i 'm not accustomed to off the neck headphones or headsets .
quick ship no issues with product works great
not sure if its the headphones or my lg voyager , but sometimes even though the lg says the sony headset is connected , music will come blaring out of the phone instead .
warranty repairs , with shipping , equaled the cost of a new iphone .
i like the 34 ; lighted 34 ; ring at the end that let 's you know in all but the brightest light if it 's working .
my motorola always feel like its hanging on for dear life . jawbone2 came with both leather and plastic earloop .
i am currently using it to run input into a sound system .
stop reading a review on a 5 dollar charger !
i use this transmitter on the back of my tv with my bluetooth headphones .
this is my first otterbox case .
the pouch holds the charging heads , and then the cable fits in one of the pockets and tips in the other .
the little lever to push in , which adjusts the width , only does its job about 1 3 of the time .
the in ear canal and over the ear did n 't stay in place to my liking .
the faux leather has a nice feel .
my experience is use of bluetooth really drains batteries quickly .
i ordered two cases and i like the blue case better .
verizon wanted triple that price for all three items .
the left sounds like a morning fart when turning it up .
there is a unique noise cancellation feature on this headset that blocks out all other noice !
battery life is good and it is easy to synch up with your phone .
covers iphone 's rounded edges , but does not cover the shiny steel bezel .
i 've had this car charger now for about 6 months and although it does have a more rapid recharge rate than other chargers i 've seen , the connection to my android phone has become erratic .
this provides a very comfortable fit and avoids the need for an over the ear hanger , which interferes with my glasses . the aliph ii has one issue in my experience , and that is the secondary button at the rear of the device is finicky and , with time , wears down .
just the pieces in a padded envelope .
it is much easier to place my tour in this charger than to plug the cable into the side .
you do have to be careful putting it on because the bottom ( black part of the case ) detaches , and sometimes it does not line up with the pink part of the case once it is on .
mine came in a simple plastic bag without sony packaging , but they do appear to be a real sony product .
i have a jawbone icon , with three different size tips . even their largest size is too small to stay in my ear without an ear loop . to the rescue , plantronics . these ear tips are larger than the jawbone creating the perfect fit .
you must put it in , camera up , with the back of the phone toward you .
this dock ( hockey puck ) is great if you want to add a second location ( office car ) to charge your touchstone enabled palm pre . if you have not yet bought any touchstone stuff , then do not buy this .
holds phone with or without case .
this audio adapter is perfect to use with fm transmitters in vehicles as well .
cons these headphones hurt to wear .
they stick on great and they stay on the phone .
this was probably the most comfortable bluetooth headset i have ever tried .
i got the case for my hd2 . however the black case is not leather it has leather trim , but is about half heavy duty canvas . pro velcro keeps the case secure . material is very good for protecting the phone . slide on clip is convenient to put the pouch on the belt , just push it down .
i would have preferred to use a u . s .
the motorola clear part lights up blue .
definitely a different micro usb plug than current oem current ones have a small and on the back . these are going back to amazon ( purchased from amazon themselves ) . samsung 5' cable as shipped with t959v is ecc1du2bbeusing my left over nokia cables which are a foot longer and a better length usb ca101 connectivity cableornew oem nokia 5310 8600 luna n81 micro usb cable ca 101
it fit in my ear really well .
the burn in period was about 3 days .
color and quality of manufacture just as anticipated .
web browsing with edge technology is surprisingly fast .
i bought the sena ultraslim pouch and the smart clip cell phone caddy holder from as seen on tv ( thru amazon ) and superglued them together .
it 's not like 7 channel movie audio or something .
for about $ 35 with free promotional items , i get a 3 , 000 mah portable battery charger with a flashlight and a laser pointer is awesome ! i got my hands on this yesterday and was able to use it twice to test it out on my galaxy tab 7 . 7 . . .
was shipped international priority from china .
one cable charges the device itself , then is used to charge your phone .
before i have this product , i have ordinary earphones for my moto680 cellphone which has stero radio , also i have other moto blue tooth earphone , but this one is good , long time power supply but it is more heavier than the single ear bluetooth . volumn control is good , loud enough .
i downloaded songs to my 1 gig media card and i can use any song as a ringtone .
allows you to charge items in two usb plugs . . .
i just received my casecrown glider case ( black ) and i am very pleased !
plus it 's grippy without picking up all my pocket lint ! i strongly suggest that you also purchase the power support crystal film set for iphone screen protector with this case .
they fit well , but stand off the ears a full inch .
other than that , they fit ok and sound decent .
perversely , it means that the cheaper headphones get the most use , thus a series of compromises . vmoda , shure , skullcandy , koss , sennheiser . . . . . . i have had pairs of them all .
here are the drawbacks 1 ) the holes for the speaker and home buttons did not come off easily .
i love this style of case covers !
sadly when trying to zoom in and out the movement is slower than scrolling in other applications . the one thing i dislike is the switch from the mini usb to the micro usb .
i bought this with the intention of using it with my vast supply of rechargeable aa 's , however to my surprise i discovered that it would only work with non rechargeable batteries .
i wanted to use for listening to podcasts and music as well as the telephone functions .
despite this , i still think this is the best value for a cell phone charger out there .
i use this on any usb headset .
it does not tuck into the ears .
when i charged them using the supplied adaptor , the red charging light came on and a few hours later , the unit was supposedly fully charged .
first , the fit on my particular ear is horrible . . .
this is not a stand alone charger .
i keep my screen ( actually a boxwave screen protector ) scrupulously clean for legibility , which sometimes makes a rubber tip not skid across .
i wanted to eliminate a cable during travel . this unit operates off a mini usb plug .
it has a micro usb connector on one side , and standard type a on the other .
my visor is thick and the slip on holder for the ikross wo n 't stay .
the sound through this headset has a typical bluetooth tinny aspect that overly compressed digital sound has but it is in line with what i 've observed on other bluetooth headsets . the number of adapters and the clever battery powered charger attachment help this headset stand out from the crowd . setup is a breeze and it is very easy to use .
we were able to keep the phone charged to 80 for the whole trip and kept the phone on to use the gps . we also like the blue indicator light and the design of the charger that makes it easy to unplug from the car 's outlet .
i originally bought an el cheapo cigarette lighter charger online , and it fell apart after 5 months of light use .
i use the original charger and cable that came with the palm pre to power my touchstone .
it is entirely usable . unfortunately it does not use a standard 3 . 5mm headphone jack , but you do get some acceptable headphones with the phone or you can buy an adapter to use your standard headphones . wifi is solid , just download skype and make free phone calls without using any cellular minutes .
this case with velcro would be perfect .
same problem many of these style cases have , look for metal clips instead of plastic .
luckily this headset has 3 different pieces to fit in your ear .
it really does have a great soft leather feel .
you can carry it in your back pocket even . * capacity . 7000mah is great .
if you looking for light protection for your iphone , this is a good case to use . i has a rubbery type material that is impact resistant .
the part that hangs onto your ear is made of a thin plastic , and i can see how it 'd easily break .
they work perfect on all of the different bluetooth devices i 've had .
works great and i love how it lights up .
i linked quickly and worked as advertised .
i love the way this case looks and feels .
i bought a couple full protection and front protection from the same seller , definitely fast and prompt service . . .
as such , it works exactly the way you would expect a motorola battery to work , for much less money .
well , this plugs in to the car charger and provides electricity to my device .
this plantronics stereo headset is my favorite of all that i have had . my job requires hearing protection and has loud machines with lots of moving parts . ear buds hold out the machine noise nearly as good as ear plugs and makes time passso much better when listening to a good audio book or music . lacks a little bass but not too much .
it 's easy to open and close .
oem battery , but how old is it ?
my cel pone looks ju s t g r e a t w i t h t h i s
it works great . this headset has a 300' range , which is great if you have to move around while you talk .
so i decided to try this case for $ 2 . 76 plus $ 3 shipping . this case seems more stiff than the marware .
great films and a cleaning cloth too .
except you need to adjust the ring on the suction part to cause it to suck to the window .
i find it much easier to write because of the way it glides verses a rubber tip .
i have discarded my iphone original earphone for this .
many cords have a large plastic housing around the plug , making it difficult to insert it all the way into the charger port .
the sound is great and there is not a lot of backround noise that gets through .
i know i prefer matte black .
the top and bottom of the will not stay tight against the phone and bulges .
ac wall receptacles are a lot more practical , especially when not at home .
my only questions , how could the s9 hd be an upgrade from the s9 ? the s9 must be used as a coat hook only .
another problem was the cheaply made adapter that connects the proprietary fme connector on the antenna cable and plugs into the mc760 . i had to try 3 of them before i got one that would work .
the bang for the buck is outstanding !
speaker phone works decent although probably not as good as a dedicated blue tooth phone device .
the supertooth light is an incredible product !
you can charge your ipod iphone from a 12 volt lighter plug or with the ac to usb charger .
both times it was for the exact same problem it would lose the sound in one of the channels .
one thing i did notice , this cable could not charge from an iphone ipod wall charger , even though it has a female usb interface as part of it .
i like the blue light that indicates it 's plugged in , nice big and blue with the motorola symbol .
works great for my home office .
the hf2 offers great sound , but is a little uncomfortable with the insertion in the ear .
came in a small zip loc style bag with no other information . i 'd avoid it and get a different unit .
walking down a busy noisy street the etymonic makes my voice clear and there is no noise of traffic or wind .
i bought a 7 port cyberpower hub from another vendor to use at work .
so the pictures look blurry through the plastic .
and t mobile is always eager to help .
there is 1 led light which represents 6 status indications .
better than the included charger since the electrical socket prongs fold away .
it takes a long time to recharge the itorch to full capacity .
i 've used handspring and palm pdas for about 10 years ( visor , m515 , zire 71 , tungsten tx ) and just do n 't like using my chubby fingers for input on the touch .
first , the plastic inner cover does not have a hole for the camera .
rubs against my pocket fabric and it is never easy to take out .
i like to keep my iphone permanently protected in the ifrogz case , which does not have a beltclip .
great item ! i purchased a droid x that came with one of these factory issue motorola chargers .
takes okay pictures for a new wallpaper , but that 's about it . serious annoyance one of the side buttons that remain exposed when the phone is closed controls the type of ring vibrate .
there is a low grade static buzz sound that one hear almost always .
they are leather and should hold up well with every day use .
nice facade and wi fi range , too !
the pants offer more protection than this thing does .
i will stick with a wired connection for my movie watching and music listening .
the ultimate fit eargels do fit great .
unfortunately , none gave me a solid , secure fit . i have found that the dome shaped silicone earpieces fit my ears best .
the metal prongs on my old crappy knock off charger were super tight and barely fit in the charging port .
it 's low profile and reliable . use just one port for the full 2 amps if you need to charge a tablet .
i use bluetooth for wireless headset and to make the phone serve as my wireless modem . negatives phone too big ; voice recognition worthless , low volume from ear piece , ir port weak so tv remote control programs do n 't work well , slow menu 's and response .
first , it worked really well , in that it always connected quickly to the verizon network , as well as to my connected devices , such as laptop .
there are several grommet sizes to fit most ears . the seal prevents most wind noise and dramatically improves the perceived volume . the rubber piece is good for about 6 months before becoming hard . 2 of each size are provided .
a very nice power inverter , especially for the price .
pros fits tighly , provides great protection from dropping the phone .
the greatest benefit is the fact that i can connect it to my laptop and have access to the internet where ever i am using my provider 's ( att ) media net service without the need for wifi hotspots .
i think the connection within the phone got touchy .
i purchased it for my wife 's samsung s3 , but permanently borrowed it for my car after my failed purchase with the samsung official oem car charger for your galaxy s2 phone .
i tested these headsets jabra bt8040 , jabra bt500 , plantronics voyager 510 , plantronics explorer 320 , motorola hs850 , motorola h700 , jawbone , samsung wep200 . the problem was that the sound quality for the caller was so bad that they could hardly understand a word i said .
the one i got has sort of a wood grain look to it .
it was only included headset and wall charger .
it slips on easily , is not too bulky , but protects the phone .
the instructions were easy to read andnunderstand . what i found was it takes a few tries to get the timing right to turn on the battery and not the flashlight . since the day it arrived i have found it charges all my families cell phones , kindle fire , kindle touch , blu electronic cigarette charger pack , wifes tom tom , portable lte mifi , and several bluetooth earpieces .
i ended up getting the ge tl26593 earset microphone by jasco , which has been the best so far .
searching and reading over the web taught me that it is no slam dunk . 2 . 5 and 3 . 5 connectors can be wired in a number of different ways and support mono , stereo , mic , etc .
the look and feel of the case it self is quite nice .
the case fits great but it only covers the back of the iphone .
he already had a t mobile sim card from a flip phone , but hated texting on it .
the price point is great for a branded vehicle charger .
sounds great at both ends and does a fine job of filtering out wind noise etc . .
it works seamlessly with any phone system and has a multitude of connection options .
truly a deal at this price , compared to the usual price for lg cable chargers !
use it to charge cell phone which also has standard micro . great for disabled , cable management . no brainer
my otterbox came with no instructions , but it was fairly easy to put together .
not thrills just works like a bluetooth headset should .
i looks good , feels good in my hand , and does n 't cost much .
i mounted this in my rv to provide power for my phone and tire pressure monitor .
what i use them for is to watch movies anime and play the ps3 . they are hooked up to my yamaha htr 5640 home theater receiver using asony bluetooth transmitter and adapter for ipod and mp3 players .
the satechi battery extender is well made , portable and easy to use .
good riddance ! i picked up a plantronics headset and have not looked back !
i docked one star bc the giant blue illuminating m can be slightly obtrusive .
not mini or micro usb ) charging cable5 . ) a bit clunkyconclusionwhile this may have been a quality headset when it was released , it 's simply outdated now .
i custom cut it from a long universal plastic screen protector .
best way to charge your palm pre ( plus ) or pixi ( plus ) bar none .
this is a very well designed unit for placement in my ear multiple choices on ear piece to fit ear size , and great sound .
the headphones are the in ear kind and sound better than any inexpensive phone trinket should .
sony does a better job with its drbt21g b , but also falls victim to hard plastic and a hinge in the middle of the set that digs at your skull as time goes on .
also i was a great set of anti glare screen protectors from the company free !
even at highway speeds , it does n 't pick up any background noise at all .
mic and mono earpiece work perfectly .
it 's durable and has high output .
raves when used as a headset for skype , the microphone is surprisingly effective .
it also comes with different sized silicone ear tips and ear covers that caters to different fits of the ear .
the xlink bt bluetooth gateway is extremely easy to use and set up .
the wire for your ear can be adjusted to fit .
i get so much use from this phone , not only for the phone itself , but for the pda capabilites .
good thing i have a magnifying lamp .
the silicone protects the phone nicely , while the plastic shell provides reinforcement increasing the protection and giving it a very solid feel .
i like the way it attaches to the phone making it easy to continue carrying the phone around .
i did not like the finish of connector housing .
all a blackberry needs for data transfer is a standard usb 2 . 0 cable with a micro usb connector at one end . there is nothing special about this cable and nothing justifies the artificially inflated msrp listed for it .
it works with the sony playstation 3 also .
there is no charging capabilities with this stand .
within 2 months the plastic case began breaking next to and inside the hinge for the on off switch .
this is a hard case for the iphone 5c and fits snuggly to the phone .
these cables will charge it at 1000ma ( 5w ) total input power , which leaves 540ma ( 2 . 7w ) dedicated to charging the battery after subtracting what the phone uses .
under $ 1 for a functional iphone cable .
the product claims to have a dynamic ic chip ( a built in smart chip that recognizes a full charge and automatically switches to a save mode that protects your battery from over charging and preserves your battery 's life span ) and i cannot verify that the feature is working .
consider other options with palm os phones .
overall the motorola s305 is a very good b t stereo headset .
tm 's signal is much weaker and does n 't penetrate my apartment like att 's does in downtown san francisco .
the road was wet , but even with the accentuated tire noise i could hear every word .
the most comfortable headset i have ever worn .
long battery life , headphones comfortable , crispy and clear audio .
the original plug that comes with my phone works better because the plug actually acts as an antennae for the tuner .
the holes are small for getting the cords in .
this headset works fine , but i expected somewhat better sound quality for the price .
the sloped design of this thing is makes it more difficult than a flat surface . o , did i mention it wo n 't work with even a slim rubber case on the phone .
i used it on my mobile phone for listen to music and talk on skype .
grabbing at the sides does make it tricky to get the phone out , especially since it fits so snugly .
the prongs fold for travel also .
it stays on firmly and can be easily switched to landscape mode if needed .
it holds easily and sets up nicely as you hook it to one of the loops of your pants .
other power cases muffled the speaker sound .
it does come with a 3' usb to mini usb cable , but it will accept any usb cable ( especially those proprietary apple usb cables ) as output .
great fit for the iphone 3gs .
my sister left her iphone 3gs with black otterbox on her back bumper .
works great , and the plastic on the uusb is cut back far enough so that you can plug it securely into a phone with a tpu case on it . . .
use the clear plastic sheet under the battery to help lift it up and separate from the adhesive .
those were my redundant data storage .
using an external charger worked fine , there is enough juice coming from a wall unit .
it fully powers my nexus 7 when using bluetooth and navigation .
i live in the country and the cell phone service depends upon carrier .
the plantronics 855 is a rather unique headset in the fact that it can either be a regular single over the ear piece or the earclip can be replaced by one that connects to another earpiece . when used as a single piece , it functions as any other regular bluetooth earpiece .
unfortunately silicone cases easily attract dust . i 'm extremely happy with my cozip case and highly recommend it for a little extra protection for an iphone .
i like the fact that they spin , come in a plastic kit .
battery works as expected and ccmaccessories had fast shipping .
it 's not uncomfortable for extended wear .
this came in a plain plastic bag , but is of high quality and a factory blackberry item .
looks exactly like the apple charger and works wonderfully .
it still charges , but it slides out too easily .
your device is charged through the magnetic connection between the powermat and the powermat case holding or connected to your device .
most of the phone is covered by plastic or silicone except for two holes on the bottom for the speakers , and a cloth cover over the part where you put your ear .
it had a calculator too ! i know . . big whoop !
the charger fits easily into the socket .
i have been using this coby ca 747 cassette adapter for more than 2 years to use my car stereo to play audio of my dvd player and cd player .
other than that , i love how they sound , fit , and the battery life of the headset .
the altec lansing backbeat sound quality was good when it came to music .
both have their good points depending on what you want them for . 510 bluetooth for wireless needs and mee m9p for cell phone and stereo listening on your ipod ! ! ! !
does it work as advertised yes .
it started getting worse until i could see that the red layer on the outside of the case was shriveling up exposing a grey silvery base .
this case is the perfect fit for my samsung s3 with a bamboo case .
truly astonishing . i could not get the unit to pair with my top of the line sony bluetooth transmitter .
i wanted a pair of bt headphones to use at work to replace a pair of wired earbuds .
the piece that fits in the ear was obviously not designed for a woman 's ear because it was too big and i was always wanting to whack it away defeating the purpose of the headset in the first place . i much preferaltec lansing 906 r us backbeat headphone with donglebecause it is more comfortable and feel like the sound quality is better .
what an economic yet big sounding device .
installation was tedious but not extremely hard and having the proper tools ( included except for small screwdrivers ) for opening the case are a must .
it fits great in my phone !
the grid pattern makes it simple to trim down .
clips well to my phone and charges me up .
since there is no rubber to gasket your ear , noisy environments can make it hard to hear .
it 's about 180 kilobytes a second on bluetooth . soft ear pads .
the glass part where is has the motorola logo is very neat .
this does not work or connect solid enough to get my car 's 250 psi air compressor to work . ( i tried to pump up the tire of my wheel barrow . ) and yes , the compressor works fine plugged in to my car 's lighter .
so i broke out the mygrid charger , plugged it in , and threw on the skin that houses the 3g phone .
regardless of positioning on ear or jaw could not improve .
too bad , back to the kludge but robust sure adapter with old sony earbuds .
otherwise works great ) will make great garage sell item
i do own asandisk sansa clip 2 gb mp3 player ( black ) and i did n 't need this adapter because the sansa takes its charge through a female mini usb a type and any blackberry or phone charger with a male mini usb b type would charge it . to conclude it works and at this price with free shipping ( no $ 25 minimum required ) it 's almost a steal .
the design and feel of this charger seems to be very high quality .
its a data cable it does what it does , charges and data movement .
the headset volume , size , comfort and ease of wearing is wonderful , the weakest feature of this headset is the ear loop .
this earboom works a little better than most .
does the job with no issue . secures to the phone and micro usb with a nice click . if you have a phone with a side chargeport , this adapter works well .
the best feature of the voyager 855 is the wrap around earbud feature which gives you true stereo sound .
just get a nice wired headset , less $ spent less headache !
see my other reviews for reviews of other film sets , accessories and cases for the iphone !
the otterbox defender series is a great investment to protect the samsung galaxy s 5 phone .
you are forced to purchase media from the vcast service .
all in one , with gps , a decent music player , a good camera , and a great operating system ( wm6 ) . a quick tip do n 't bother with the $ 10 mo tomtom service .
does what it 's meant to do , the light in the front seems like their only for looks , their always on .
i have tried both the small and the medium little earpiece adapters .
but it coddles your cellular investment in a nearly indestructible shell of plastic and silicone . the only problem i had was the infamous nextel echo , where every caller heard an echo of whatever they said .
the main picture makes it look huge , but it 's really palm sized .
it does this by attaching to the tripod hole , and stretches across the body of the camera .
cheap construction , and certainly not apple quality .
it would say registering headset for about 45 seconds , then beep and return to homescreen .
the cords themselves are one step above dental floss .
it has enough juice to charger my phone more than once .
i put four fully charged eneloop batteries in it and was able to charge up my iphone to 100 in less than an hour , and the tekkeon still seems to have plenty of juice .
i previously owned the first version of the new trent external battery .
this is the first bluetooth headset that i bought .
this accessorie is over priced considering what it does .
i mean , it 's a suction cup , right ?
i 'll probably find ones with stronger wire to adapter connections but these were a great value , worked , no tech problems .
this is a simple soft silicone case that surrounds the iphone 3gs but has no solid protection .
great idea , but very low quailty .
the front is glossy shinny and the back is a flat matte .
all the buttons are accessible and the camera has a protective shield . it takes a certain dexterity to applying the scratch cover to the front surface .
lots of winding of the cord .
while this is only a 'leather texture' holster it has a nice feel to it .
i bought one of these for a back up charger .
fit and finish as great and feels good in the hand .
you must supply a power supply that has a mini usb type plug .
works as intended and for five clams it 's a great value .
it 's one of the standard tpu cases but kind of good quality one .
i thought it was a hard case but it 's a soft rubber tpu type .
i like the added feature of the usb port so i can charge my phone in addition to powering other devices .
i also use invisheild and this doesnt make it bubble up .
full strength on my 3g phone .
absolutely worthless for handwriting and almost impossible to use for drawing .
also , this case does not form fit to the nice curved sides of the phone .
this case protects both very well .
i am using it with a treo 600 and i can barely hear anything out of the ear piece , even with the spongy covering removed .
i wanted to buy more to store my two older bluetooth headsets and chargers in . i can fit my blackberry sync cable in , my motorola bluetooth headset and dock for it ( not the charging wire though , but can use blackberry sync cable to charge through laptop ) , can also fit my apple earbuds in , a few sd cards , and my square swiper .
also love the wide opening and heavy velcro flap to secure phone safely !
in less than five seconds the nook cable 's charging light turned off .
i 'm getting ready to buy a plantronics pro plus headset , and use my old plantronics as a back up .
you can use this for skype , games , music , etc .
the lowest volume setting is sometimes still ear blowing loud .
the iphone 5s fits perfectly in this case .
it is not bulky or ugly like other cases and the fact that it is external only makes it super easy to access the phone , unlike the other full glove cases .
easy in . . . . easy out and stays in place .
it fit perfectly onto my ear ( the nub on the top goes into the spot above the ear hole ) . i could wear this all day .
the pointer is a rubber finish so it does not work well for swiping .
it also has a little cushion to soften impacts .
this has a port for charging iphones , ipods , and other mobile devices that can be charged via usb cable , and there is a second port that will charge an ipad .
this has a nice grip on the sides and protects the case pretty well overall .
but , they do not work for headsets as advertised .
this pod is will charge your 8900 .
no delays like with verizon ( up to 30 seconds ! ) or sprint ( 10 secs ) . walkie talkie that actually works where there 's coverage .
but the quality of this adapter is n 't that great . written by arthur bradley , author of the handbook to practical disaster preparedness for the family .
contacted motorol support , they say they setup a special support line 800 972 1837 for this krzr phone .
this big transparent power indicator light can be seen from both sides . the design of the charger is great .
so what i 'm saying is the seller oem planet has the best touch screen pens .
i 'm not sure if it 's just the one seller panasystem corporation , but the product i received was indeed a samsung charger , but came with a detachable usb cable with a non micro usb plug as described in the product description picture .
all cell phones with bluetooth wireless technology will work with xlink .
i have a droid x , and can fully control music , phone calls , and text messages ( with the help of a voice text app ) directly from the headset .
i love this case the black patent leather makes it a very stylish case .
first of all , i love the idea of a cordless headset and i have a motorola phone so i thought getting a motorola bluetooth headset would give me the best sound quality .
ear phones on one , mic on another .
this device does not cancel out background noise .
in my second vehicle i have it direct wired to the battery main bus with an inline fuse ( from an inexpensive $ 20 car amplifier power supply wiring kit ) . that was about 40 minute install .
it paired up with no problem .
the 3 . 5mm prong is compact and straight ( without the 90 deg bend ) and has 3 striped sections similar to many other earphone mic sets out there so my guess is that it should be compatible with non palm brands .
followed other reviewers suggestions for the echo and the oily shield .
this is the best device holder i 've purchased !
i bought heavy duty velcro to make it stay up better .
they charge and sync the iphone just fine .
all had strengths , but none really match these for $ $ to performance ratio .
this is the same quality like apple original sim tool .
after pairing , it features flawless instant connection to your device every time you open it .
the adapter works kind of like a resistor which the charging end stays cool but warms up the head of the plug .
i stupidly left myplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset retail packaging in my car too long before realizing how the sun and heat were going to expedite the disintegration process of the foam covering of the earpiece .
it 's a phone charger for the motorola razor , and guess what ?
the bottom is u shaped , which hooks under the belt and keeps it on . con there are no holes in the bottom of the case to help push the phone up .
platronics makes good products , but most are not as confortable as this set .
what a bargain . this is my second bluetooth headset .
i thought any old micro usb car charger or mini usb car charger with a micro usb adapter would work , but they did n 't .
love the style of this pouch .
the sound quality is super for a non in ear , non noise cancellation option !
so , if you have a similar problem go get yourself a plantronics voyager 815 headset ( in ear ear bud ) . that one is just perfect for me !
needed it for a set of speakers that had a bigger 3 . 5 mm headphone jack .
this pad works like a charm .
i get several recharges for my razr v3 for each charge of the portable charger .
all i got was distorted mono sound or stereo sound with a 60 cycle hum depending on how far in i pushed the plug .
the matte hard plastic is not slippery .
then i ordered the jabra ear gels .
i have had to call jabra several times to order replacements because the bendable wire section breaks from the hard plastic part that goes into the ear piece .
this case does look good and it is comfortable to hold , but for 16 . 95 it should be better .
product was oem exactly as described .
a piece of black electrical tape would easily fix this though .
also , there appears to be no bluetooth compatibility with macs .
works for dta transfer pdanet , an probably for whatever you need . . .
the second option have fold out legs that stops the phone from falling down in portrait mode and does not cover the charge port and only barely covers the speaker port .
this is by far the best bluetooth headset i 've used .
most web queries can be done over sms to services like google provides . overall it 's great !
audio quality mostly good . cons occasional bluetooth artifacts popping sounds when there is interference , dropouts .
the case is a plain shiny black tpu material which fits snugly around the phone .
plantronics wanted 30 . 00 bucks for a ac wall adaptor which is down right crazy and wasteful .
1 . quality of materials and workmanship excellent ! 2 . fit perfect !
this cell phone clip is easy to setup by just peeling the back of the adhesive and pressing it on the cell phone .
most chargers really do cheap out on the amperage .
the samsung galaxy is too big for my pockets .
still , i can manage the snugness and am very pleased .
if you are looking for a low price high quality plastic case .
does a good job of saving space in the armrest .
this installs easy and work very well in rural areas .
it also cigarette and regular home outlet plug that the usb power cable plugs in to .
paying 25 dollars for a white box with artificial grass is a bad buy .
however , i have not tested the operation in its 2 cellphone mode though .
they manufacture every imaginable headsets from telephone to gaming .
as far a using wired headsets , unless you use a hole puncher and seam ripper , as i did , to make a hole there is no opening for them .
i mostly bought this assortment of sansa fuze assessories for the chargers and cords .
the earpiece is a soft rubbery piece that has a very soft , flexible extension that holds the earpiece in by the slight overlap of the natural ear cartelidge with very slight pressure .
huge improvement over the stock wilson antenna .
product looks good and has a nice color , especially the yellow .
none of these are long enough to use the stylus while attached to an ipad ( they work great with an iphone ) . one end of the attachment devices has a necklace style clasp attached to it .
and this charger works as well in older htc phones with mini usb ports and other phones with mini usb ports .
it retracts at the push of a button .
the buttons have little raised areas making the buttons on the phone easy to find and operate .
better than the $ 10 one pack at the stores .
they were like most selling blutooth headphones around with very mixed reviews .
led indicators for the battery level round out the package . overall , the mophie juice pack is a great battery add on for those who need it in a more convenient package than otherwise available .
it has very good low bass and overall range from highs to lows .
or fiio makes ones that have a usb port for charging and a 3 . 5mm jack for higher quality audio out of the 30 pin connector .
looks great , feels great on my phone !
most comfortable fitting headset i 've ever used .
embedded micro usb so you can just carry the adapter for your phone .
the pebl has a low resolution camera ( whaaa ) , and a strange magnetic flip that is awkward to open with your thumb .
this charge quickly and work really well
this results in many mis clicks which waste time and mobile bandwidth . the audio quality of the phone is pretty good .
good headset , good sound , great price .
samsung put some thought into the design of its car battery charger .
i solved this by purchasing an adapter for $ 25 so add that to the cost of the 3g juice if you use a hard case or a rubberized case in some instances .
the plantronics voyager pro is also a significa n 'tly better headset than this one . chris
has a hard shell that goes over phone and then it easily clips onto the holster which has a swivel belt clip .
comfortable and good volume , easy to adjust and end calls .
this connector that goes into the ipod does have some release catches on it .
the case itself is incredibly well made and versatile in attaching to your belt .
best standalone iphone stand i have purchased yet .
i 'm using this case with the at t version of the note .
it is quite universal for cell phone batteries .
i like how the knob turns to select different songs and menu items .
the orange upper half is pretty cool looking and , as many have mentioned here before , i like how the front of the phone is somewhat protected from laying the phone on it 's face or screen drops .
it fits snugly into the hole and stays put .
if only my other stuff had such protection . otterbox defender series 3g iphone case black yellow this link will bring you to the absolute best cast for your iphone 3g 3gs
you are supposed to stick ( built in pre glued surface exists ) to the back of your device .
this motorola charger also charges the phone quicker .
i was very skeptical about ordering items from hong kong thinking it could be a replica . this motorola bluetooth stereo headphones came with a charger , extra earplug and mannual but without a box . works perfectly with my smart phone blackberry bluetooth .
using that adjustment may give you a little better fine tuning for the device .
i also like oem products , so having the blackberry logo right on the front of the unit is very nice .
the fiber mesh just glides smoothly over my ereader screen and over the anti glare screen protector .
transmission of your voice , i would say , is good .
item works great and the clip attaches on easily to my molle backpack .
it does not trigger the garmin to go into usb pc connected mode , like some usb right angle cords will do .
my unit came with the car cigarette lighter charger and literature .
however , if you use the adhesive disc for the dash then the charger cord will likely have to be bent at right angles to make the connection , as its receptacle on the gps points straight down .
then plug the igo into your device and turn the igo on ( slide switch on the end of the igo up ) , and a light on the igo turns on to let you know it 's charging .
this is an at t phone with logo on the phone .
virgin mobile uses sprint 's pcs network , and sprint is my primary provider ( i have a new sanyo m1 phone ) , and the call quality difference is huge .
full leather inside and out , has magnetic cover , stretch points on the end , belt clip and belt hook .
it 's a one piece hard case which i really like .
those headphones have an excellent audio quality and i have a really hard time to differentiate the sound from wired headphones . but the altec lansing inmotion soundblade have a so so audio quality .
no go for me . your mileage may vary
fyi i found out that the touchstone only works with palms ac wall adapter because before i purchase the touchstone i 've been using a two way usb outlet .
great for activate mms on straight talk unlocked iphones using the swap method to enable the apn settings tabs hide under cellular options . pros great price fast shippingcons you have to cut the sim card in order to use it on iphone 4 to iphone 5 . this sale is for a regular sized sim card .
the case came and it was an olive color .
this is the only bluetooth headset i 've tried .
the only issue i had with the dlo was that it had velcro to close the case .
it is a really bright , hot pink .
fast light blue light was a bit too bright lasted less than a year with daily use when using it with landscape mode galaxy note .
it has to fit well for the noise reduction to work .
it keeps your bag neat , lets you carry multiple , and works well with multi plug chargers .
originally there is the full mini qwerty keyboard along with handwriting , now with the update there is an alphanumeric keypad .
there is an emblem on the lower right hand side , very nice touch !
only slight negative is only included charging solution is a 12v car charger but amazon does have a ac to 12v converter for about $ 12 . so far i have not bought it , claimed stand by time of 200 hours seems real so do not have to charge very often .
i was able to get the tenqa sp109 working with my palm web os phone right away via bluetooth .
it works , its a 30 foot cable for a discounted price .
however , the specs say 3 . 5 to 2 . 5 which is what they sent .
though the platntronics voyager 510 works quite well , i was terribly disappointed with the accompanying carrying case which cost me an addtional $ 25 ! it 's simply too small for the headset !
how about a mini usb to apple lightning cable so we canreuse those chargers .
i liked the design of the cover and that there was virtually no lip between the cover and the screen .
love my iphone case it fits perfectly looks good too .
this device allows me to answer incoming calls on my nec phone while i roam the office with my plantronics wireless headset in place .
it provides a great place to locate my cell phone or bluetooth stereo speaker .
the itorch is a fantastic addition to the the newtrent collection .
so yes , the charger works . . . but you 'd better find a darn good spot to store the adapter , or the portable charger will be useless . instead , might i suggest you purchasemotorola universal dual charging portable power pack black retail packaging .
while it protects the phone well it is rather bulky .
the delton premium iphone 4s data sync cable is cheap as hell and it works perfectly , it is so cheap i bought 5
the auto answer and hang up depends on your phone whether it would normally do so with a headset or not .
this is actually one of these few cases out there that does not ruin your iphone 3gs ( or 3g ) look .
when i took it out , it was sticky and had the look and feel of plastic coated fabric .
when you switch it on , it makes a lovely welcome sound .
i 've been using mine everyday for a couple of years in conjunction with a silicone incipio iphone case .
works great , has 2 cable receptacles so i charge my headphones and phone at the same time .
can talk to people clearly on loud job sites .
with the antenna i had a stable 2g signal .
understand the difference between low range bass and ultra low range bass . i do n 't know if the slight hissing sound was due to the smartphone or the speakers of the headset , but otherwise it 's excellent .
also , it has friction on a table , so you can easily tilt your ipod sideways at an angle to surf the web on a tabletop .
works great now , but cost me $ 8 . 00 for the repair .
they have 3 sizes of rubber pcs that fit the ear .
everything from the size of the itorch to the functionality has been well received .
at least zagg accepted my return and credited the charge on the money back guarantee .
outgoing audio quality is as good as it gets ; small air turbulence ( such as the air conditioning in a car ) have little no effect on conversations .
the case opens up into 2 hinged halves .
in particular , myalpine apple dock connectorfits without removing the case . overall , an excellent case at an excellent price .
still , reading a website on the tiny screen is tedious .
this very inexpensive adapter allows me to use my old vehicle charger from the 8830 . vzw wanted $ 30 for a new charger .
looks stylish and easy to carry !
definitely worth its price . pros built in standard headphones jack ( not present in e71 and above , as of now ) included office word , excel , powerpoint etc .
i definately recommend the program and just advice the user to update the software to it 's latest version . motorola mobile phone tools 4 . 0 for all motorola phones motorola retail packaging
a great car charger that works with various android devices .
no background or wind noise , and very close to handset .
this product is an original blackberry battery charger and it charges my blackberry fone very well .
cheap works well long cord works when car is off green light comes on when charging works great for my galaxy s2 skyrocket excellent value !
no wires means no interrupting when performing outdoor activities .
this case is a little thicker than my old tpu slim case but i expected that and really like the firmness of the material used .
had to cycle power to restore . 4 ) email application does not support html . 5 ) no flash player6 ) wifi selection is stupid . . .
then , as stated in that review , remove the metal screw that holds in the white gear without the black band around it , putting the screw and spring back on without that single gear .
i am going to try the third rail system for a 4s .
the charging port on the side of the phone has actually all but worn out , but the base still charges through the contacts on the battery door as great as ever .
it 's tucked behind the rear view mirror .
this cable will let you charge your blackberry from your laptop , an apple ipod travel charger , or any other charging device with a standard usb port , as well as let you sync data on a pc using blackberry desktop manager .
this is a sleek , dark , black charger with a green light that fits most cigarette lighter sockets in cars .
easier to place and stay in my ear than 900 series .
i use it for navigation , playing music , even making taking calls handsfree through my radio connection . . .
audio quality though has nothing to do with manufacturers claims it is a small speaker with average audio , meaning it is only usable to voice applications such as skype or other vtc apps .
there was no feedback noise or echo .
audio quality was high and a recent 7100t software upgrade increased volume levels to more than acceptable .
i am a little hard of hearing and needed a better quality headset .
charges quickly , build quality is good , and it has a cool blue light that adds a nice glow to the car interior .
finally , the software uses standard cables to interface to the phone unlike some products that require a special cable keyed to the software .
using readily available aa batteries to charge my ipod when a power outlet is unavailable is wonderful !
i cannot get it to work unless i giggle the connection to the phone .
the motorola was much easier to disengage from the phone simply by closing it .
one neat feature is the blue glowing emblem ; futuristic looking .
once everything is snuggly plugged in , the slightest rotation jerk of the cable in the iphone produces hiss and loss of contact .
the plantronics fits my ear great , but , does n 't decent noise canceling .
when you fold the cover of the surfacepad back to talk on the phone and hold the phone to your ear the cover blocks the microphone .
specifics . . . once assembled around the phone , the unit easily falls out of included belt clip .
the oil slick effect on the screen protector was an absolute disaster .
also , this case allows for a connection to the headset plug while in the case .
there was a slight delay , but the signal gauge improved and decreased with each plug in and disconnect respectively . the wilson electronics 801242 mobilepro cell phone signal booster has a steep price , limiting those who would be willing to purchase this solution .
enter the cyberpower 7 port hub . . .
all she had to do was plug the us style plug into the adapter .
our unlocked slvr ( apparently produced for use in europe . . . it came with european plug and a us adapter ) did not come with itunes .
will find out next winter . adjusting the angle for either up down or sideways is as easy as pushing a button and moving the arm .
i tried the dj beatz headphone which is very uncomfortable .
it is exactly as advertised , mirror like screen protector . . .
this case is more for protecting the outer shell of the iphone from scratches as it 8217 ; s made up of just a hard plastic material that is also see through .
i tried every single earbud and earloop .
it fits nicely into the pocket in my purse , too .
a great headset , easy to use music controls , great audio quality , and hangs around your neck nicely when not in use .
does not work past 4 feet .
dedicated mute button , simple to use volume and call accept reject buttons . never have had any issues with phone pairing , reconnect .
good replacement for car charging of phone .
works with my two plantronics bluetooth earpieces , as well as all the phones listed above .
i do like the round grip for inserting and removing the charger from the power source .
it 's supposed to be a extended high capacity battery but the life of the battery was just like my regular battery that came with the phone , it sucks .
also , the headset has enough length to reach about midway down my cheek . aesthetically , this headset is just really sharp looking .
if not , here 's a link to a cheap one usb ac power adapter , whitei was provided a battery charger from the manufacturer .
once fully charged , it lasts a long time when using it for stereo music streaming . pros sound quality is great , as being a bluetooth headphone .
i found the nt70t charge time to be adequate .
this is my first bluetooth device .
someone in the quality control shd be fired !
i had thejabra bluetooth music adaptor , but it did n 't work with the s805 because it was n 't a2dp compliant . overall , i love the quality of the connection no whitenoise , no static .
slim , well made with a great feel .
high quality materials at a low price .
back piece of phone along with battery and charger were also loose in box .
this case has room not only for a bluetooth headsets ( with a couple extra ear loop s , just in case , and a set of earbuds as well .
they must have really small ears in samsung r d . . . ; i 'll try the jabra ear gels another poster suggested , or perhaps some foam earphone covers .
part b , the flash results in a very slight audible clicking , not unlike when a camera flash goes off .
i purchased these bluetooth headphones because of their size .
you have to use the v1 phone commands then you can use the phone 's voice commands .
also , the plug for the charger is sturdy and a good fit for the headset .
if you use anything other than lithium ( very expensive ) or alkaline ( poor performance ) the positive contact will not touch . ( i tried 6 different brands of rechargeables ) i ended up taking it apart ( disassembly is fairly easy ) to put a solder blob on the positive terminal .
i had to teach an on line webex class .
the product works great , though will update its long term use later .
this product appears to be a genuine original equipment blackberry car charger .
. this outdated model only charges at a 500ma rate .
i like the stereo cordless listening from my iphone , pc , imac or any other bluetooth .
the motorola s9 hd , s9 , and s 10 versions are far , far , far worse than this less expensive model !
i thought it was a great deal 3 screen protectors with cleaning cloths for under $ 2 . 00 shipped .
the problem with motorola is that it does n 't synch with the treo 650 100 of the time ; while the treo headset has very poor volume ( i need to be in a quiet room to hear anything ) . the cardo scala 700 has great fit ( it sits right over the ear canal ) , great volume ( even when driving with windows down ) , and it synchs with the treo 650 all the time .
i 'll keep this brief . other headsets i 've used several cheapos from woot . com , jawbone ( original ) , invisio g5 , jawbone icon , jawbone era , plantronics voyager propros1 . ) comfortable2 . ) battery life seems decent3 . ) sound quality out of earpiece is fine4 . ) handy base station for charging5 . ) mostly performs like it 's supposed to , i . e .
the grip is superb . . . your phone will never feel like it 's slipping from your hand , and it 's slim fit and matte' finished back will preserve the slender form factor of your elegant galaxy s4 , and with none of the bulk of the multi layer 'body armor cases' on the market .
i bought this samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung sph m330 for my phone and it was a great buy
fits the phone nice and snug .
you then sit the phone on the pad with the contacts touching the mat and the phone will charge .
seemed as though the area surrounding the power button was not cut properly , so the case did not rest tightly against the side .
when used for phone calls , the headset will deliver sound into both ears . the headset is charged with through a micro usb port ( ac charger is included ) . to use with a standard mini usb charger ( like those used on motorola and many other cell phones ) , an adapter cable will be needed . other than the subdued bass tones , the headset 's other shortcoming is that even at full volume , it is not always loud enough .
heat damages batteries and shortens their lifespan .
these cases extend about a half inch below the bottom of the iphone , which creates problems for connecting headsets . with the apple earbuds , the headset 's connector and too short strain relief disappear almost completely within the bottom of the battery case , so that when you want to remove the headset you have to pull on the skinny cord .
thought my headset for my computer which has a 3 . 5mm plug would be able to be used by plugging into this converter cable which then would fit my att 2 line office phone .
incidentally , using this case with the included screen protector ( and perhaps a black rubber band at the base of the screen ) definitely makes me feel better about my phone 's security d .
eventually i realized that it just works better when it 's connected to just one device . 2 ) the plastic piece that wraps behind the ear falls out of it 's connecting hole very very easily .
better than the verizon brand charges , 2 of which quit working on me within a few months .
not bad , but too little things inside is incomplete , and the bad use of hexagonal .
it holds a charger , has a strong signal with low noise and linked with my i phone easily .
i bought from a seller named touch global .
got for my son when he broke his phone charger one .
this case works well and looks great .
charges my phone while i drive .
she kept getting a feedback sound in the headset even when not on a call .
i 'm moving backward to fountain pens , stationery , and great stamps with music in the background .
maybe they could make the laser pointer flashlight on a slide switch option ?
when plugged into the cigarette lighter it lights up in a sky blue color that really glows at night .
it 's a shame because the rest of it works decently . the suction cup holds well and the tube coming from the cup is pretty sturdy .
bought this because i recently got an lg octane cell that i love except for the 2 . 5mm headset plug .
the cover does not protect the front part of the iphone .
the jiggling of the phone in the case has been driving me crazy .
with the custom ear molds they stay in place perfectly even while running .
as someone who used the original palm pilot and eventually the handspring visor with visor phone , i thought off and on about buying the treo 650 . the very mixed , sometimes extreme , reviews of the 650 and the relatively high price for an unlocked treo kept me away .
the discovery 925 so far is my favorite just above the blueant .
the voyager 510 is my first experience with a bluetooth headset .
this cable can both sync and charge your device .
it 's also fits an iphone 3g extremely well especially if you use some kind of a polycarbonate case .
for a more critical listening test , i set the fm transmitter for my home theater surround system and the music sounds great on that also ( good imaging and tonal quality ) . the unit appears to be durably constructed and should last .
the opening for the lenses , pen speaker and plugs are in the perfect place and do not interfere in any way .
i have used so many car chargers for micro usb devices .
this is the second plantronics headset i 've owned .
i can use my voice activated dialing ( blackberry feature ) regularly now , my headsets did not work consistently well .
this is a sony oem cable .
i have a cheapo luxmo charger that charges 10 an hour while running navigation .
props to speck , they make awesome products
it never came close to falling out it passed the head tilt test and the bend over test .
when properly paired with the ps3 ( using the usb wire , not the standard bluetooth pairing process ) you will be able to see your set 's status such as 'battery charge' or mute on off on screen .
the logitech support website was great .
reminds me of the plastic that comes on a fruit roll up .
the bigger m m part makes it hard to keep the device in this needs some work .
i 've always been a fan of lowepro products and own several larger camera cases made by this company . this wrap is just as described a snug neoprene cover around a camera .
i tried this out streaming music and did not loose conection in the 34 ; dead zones 34 ; i was used to .
dodge , a customer service manager of gizmoco , the vendor , writing to make sure i was happy with the product and the transaction . as you can tell , i am .
pass on spracht and spend your money on brand that shows concern for product quality .
if you have a beat up old iphone , use this screen protector with a color crystal polyvinyl case and you iphone will bling up again .
i have a dock for my s4 . i had to modify the incipio by cutting around the hole for the usb . . .
as expected the imp52d takes additional time to charge my ipad , but with the extra amperage draw needed to charge the ipad the extra time is not unreasonable . the itorch has a great hand feel .
i love the knurled edges that make it easy to grip .
my all time favorite is now 10 years old and not compatible with google voice ( though it does work great with cisco ip phone ) . i also have a bluetooth plantronics voyager headset for my iphone and it is also very good .
color was beautiful , but the quality , not so much ( thin plastic tabs on the sides that are supposed to secure the top bottom sections broke in just a few weeks .
the device mounts well to the window of the car and has n 't fallen off yet .
the packet stands approximately three inches tall .
on bluetooth earpieces , a whole lot less so . still , it 's not a bad bluetooth earpiece .
i have added a 2gb mini sd card for my tunes .
i bought the case because it was cheap and a hard case instead of a soft 'gel' type .
good quality for a travel charger .
with 5200mah at your disposal , why not put a brighter led in the battery pack ?
the phone is very easy to cutomize to make it work and look the way you want it to .
also , the charger is easier to plug into the headset than most i 've tried .
also , the thickness of this case pouch will allow for even a little bulkier tpu case such as those with a built in kick stand .
the wep200 sounds pretty good , is easy to use and is pleasantly small , but the system for keeping it in the ear is nearly useless .
the battery itself charges through a standard microusb cable , and the rated 4 5 hour charge time is accurate in my experience .
the phone slides in and out of the case easily for either application .
i later found that the issue here is that apple does not support the s305 's particular bluetooth profile ( avrcp ) . neither will my ipod recognize the phones built in microphone for voice recording as a result of this same issue .
i find that a 1900 mah battery charges from 0 100 in about an hour and a half .
however , it does not work too well out in the sun .
i keep the power cord at work and charge the headset overnight .
that takes care of the front seat .
pros smart looking , heavy duty , relatively compact .
if you have smaller fingers , you may have less of a problem . 2 . plantronics uses a proprietary connector for charging , while other manufacturers are switching to mini or micro usb .
it just does n 't work well . as a general use tool for operating the iphone 4 , this is less useful than my fingertips .
the best wireless headset for the money , $ 40 set that works better than a hundred dollar one
bought these large eartips from amazon third party marketplace seller seller1on1 for about six bucks .
as the title states , fine part ( nice blue circular light ) , but does not work with motorola xoom , so if you are looking for a car charger for the xoom , look elsewhere . . .
the sides squeezes tight on the phone and has a button on the back to release the clamp . once in the clamp the phone is held securely in place by the padded rubber sides . the holder does not interfere with reception and works great with the gps functionality of my iphone 4 .
this sim card works as advertised .
earbuds connected by a short wire and somehow , all the bluetoothey goodness in there without a bulge or box . second they sound very good .
the 700lx is nearly identical to the 700 , with one added improvement .
update this silly 3 . 5mm cord lasted all of 3 months audio went out and the retractor went out very cheap quality would not buy this again went with the old standard non retractable cord
make sure that the earhook part that is connected to the earpiece ( little bump ) is n 't touching your ear !
they fit perfectly , and sound amazing .
the lightweight yet sturdy metal barrel is sized and grips similarly to a pen .
caller id is passed through to the house phones . all in all , i can recommend this to those who have a multi phone house system , and do not want to run to find their cell when it rings . ge 21518ec1 dect 6 . 0 cell fusion bluetooth adjunct ( black silver )
it is what it is . a very long , very cheap , male to male stereo cable .
it looks really cool like car tires , its very hefty rugged , it provides good coverage on the face , and it does n 't have the flaw the candyshell did .
there is an appropriate hole in the back of case for the s pen removal .
these are easy to use and provide short term effective protection for device screens .
i also have lots of bluetooth headsets .
easy to secure and remove the phone from the holder .
the opening at the bottom allows you to easily connect a car charger .
i plan on using it primarily for listening to music , and can definitely fit the headphones in with the case closed .
also , the suppleness creates an ever so slight tendency for the two halves of the upper opening to curl up . like most good pocket pouches , it has cut outs on the top left and right to allow you to pull the device out by its sides .
be careful , this is a high output charger , so battery charges quickly , but also heats up .
this is the standard samsung oem car charger .
anyway only2 powertips are included ( ipod and micro usb ) . . .
this camera wrap asserts that it fits ( or stretches to fit ) most cameras .
my samsung eternity fits perfectly in the leather pouch once i put the hard rubberized cover on the phone .
it fits well and looks good .
i own a plantronics blue tooth headset for use with my phone when i drive , and like their product and service . the reason i wanted a blue tooth headset was for my workouts at the gym .
overall , an ok headset that , versus the h700 , trades better inbound voice quality for less outbound quality .
skype and other apps nearly unusable .
now it makes contact with my nimh batteries but the battery cover on this thing is really flimsy .
seems like bluetooth headsets are a very subjective experience .
the iphone 4s can slide right in with the bumpers .
like my title says , it 's a car charger !
i was looking forward to getting this wilson electronics cell phone signal booster because i 've struggled for years with poor cell phone reception in my basement .
it is grippy but slides in and out of my pocket fine .
i purchased a new trent itorch imp52d 5200mah external battery charger that i use with my iphone 5 . i really like the itorch .
i listen to a tone of music and have tested a tone of headphone options .
also i am not sure how good the quality of sound is for those cheaper corded headsets .
there is also an annoying hellomoto video commercial that uses 25 of your available space for videos of your own .
i would advise bluetooth shoppers to stay away from motorola bluetooth headsets .
removing the phone is easy but the iphone has no texture to make grabbing it secure .
there is a magnetic snap for closure .
i bought this because of the supposed noise reduction and or 'noise cancellation features . what the ad should have said is background noise enhancement feature . the headset does a good job of cancelling background noises on my end so that i ca n 't hear them .
this headset worked well , even when driving the car or waiting for the bus .
they worked great for about 30 minutes , then the left speaker and all controls on the left side ( volume up , down , and phone buttons ) ceased to work .
the wi fi works flawlessly , both in the house and at hotspots .
i had to do some customization but eventually got the silver thin metal piece .
needed this sim card to start my service with this carrier .
if you want a metal sim card tray eject pin , and not use a paperclip , then this pin is what you want .
i also wanted a sturdy mount that would grip the iphone and have a low center of gravity .
one portable external drive still sort of works .
it works well with my ipod and usb connection to my car radio .
great design , integrated flashlight and laser pointer big pluses .
material for belt loop and clip could be made stronger .
they are constantly changing their rollover minute plans to screw you out of your minutes .
this case is perfect for a bluetooth earpiece .
you can optionally power the device with the included ac adapter , which lights up a bunch of green lights and one brilliant blue light at the top of the green lights .
additionally , since the s5 offers weather protection on its own , the value proposition of the defender series is lost a little .
easy to plug it in to the air vent .
verizon is my cell co . , but for travel abroad , i got a gsm quad band phone .
i 'd suggest looking at one of the micro usb to apple 30 pin converter tip , i ended up with the lenmar ones .
no need to look for electrical source to charge my devices .
they do not provide enough tactile input .
it 's relatively sturdy , but admittedly , it 's sturdiness is in part dictated by the strength and layout of your vent grill louvers .
the car mount holder base is very wide and hold on glass very well .
this second unit has a crooked band around the neck and it does not fit the ear well .
i 'm testing their new beta ear peices and its much softer on the ear !
so far i 've come to the conclusion that almost no bluetooth headset can block out background noise completely but the plantronics voyager pro does a great job .
i use a nextel i730 and this jabra adapter fits on the back perfectly with velcro . ( adapter is approx 1 8 thin ) the adapter has 3 tiny setting to adapt to different phones and i find setting 2 to work fine with my motorola hs820 wireless earpiece .
the numbers on the dialpad are a tad small to use all day long .
i imagine they will need replacing over time . i have an ifrogz case on my phone , and it fits in this case just fine .
fits perfectly without a cover on the iphone . . .
sibilance is spot on , and voices are loud and clear .
the green color is really cute .
the name of the product is just ridiculous . extreme labels on skateboards , snowboards , and bmx bikes are sensible .
or you may make it slip off the two prongs .
it 's a simple mini usb charger .
this charger is great for many usb chargeralbe devices .
this comes with 4 flats and 2 philips .
get them for the screwdrivers , not for the other tools .
extremely easy to view , access , and manage 3 4 email accounts .
that left the internal wires exposed .
if you plug in adapter to the inverter and then plug into the computer , works ok .
this speakerphone bluetooth has a very crispy sound !
the m lights up blue , and looks nice .
this bt headset does exactly what i wanted .
the orange half wears out very quickly .
anyway , aside from the price , the clip on the case from the store did not hold the phone securely on my belt .
do they boost your cell signal ?
once paired with the ipad , all audio which normally comes out of the ipad speaker plays through this system .
this headset has a leatherette ear cushion that fits over the ear , blocking most noise .
easy to use and comfortable to the ear .
this product works well holding the i phone in place .
this is only a 1 amp charger , and does work very well .
the sound from the tilt this adapter seems more dynamic to me . also , the price is excellent .
lights up a very bright and stylish green yellow red blue , depending on function . cons 1 ) does n 't fit very snuggly around the ears .
rename mp3 to 3gp , copy to micro sd , then copy back to phone memory . what really killed the deal for me was the reception though .
it gets great battery life , since it 's so easy to put it in standby by flipping it closed . i have also used this headset successfully with skype on both windows and mac .
you can also sync with your outlook calendar and addressbook , but only if you pay extra for a third party utiltiy program .
incoming voices are clear but could use some bass .
a square will not fit into a trapezoid , for example .
the quality of the leather inside and out is nice with a slight sheen on the exterior .
sound quality is better than expected compared to high end shure wired ear buds that i 've used for years !
i super glued it to the center of the bottom of the beanbag gps holder , and it transformed the thing into a secure dash top holder .
plantronics provide you great quality and enough volume for any noisy environment .
my car has a dc power port in the center console and only about 1 . 25 inches of space for the cable .
thelazer pointer and flashlight may come in handy .
i also like the selection of colors !
i purchased this product so i can put my plantronics m50 bluetooth .
music can sound tinny . * there is a need for an adjustable headband .
i love the textured hand grips on the sides .
they have a automated system or you can speak to a rep .
the dark blue color is pleasing to the eye and is not too flashy .
even the shape and dimensions of the usb side and the ipod iphone side are identical to the original .
i love that the land line phone rings like a regular land line , and i love that i can dial out with an antique rotary phone .
i bought this earpiece for my wife on the eve of california 's hands free law being enacted .
i tried eliminating or reducing the noise in my car ( radio , a c fan , ect ) but nothing seemed to work even if the speaker was attached to the drivers' visor .
this adapter allows me to use my external disk usb cable with taking my long data cable out of my phone ac .
you can use the infrared on the phone as a wireless modem for internet connectivity ( this works for me ) but the easygprs software provided to manage phone entries etc .
it does n 't have a day light saving feature .
once you get used to pushing the earbud in the ambient noise just disappears .
the product is well made , but does not work with iphone .
i was inspired to try this case after receiving its sibling , evecase leather wallet case with stand and credit card holder for samsung galaxy note 2 ii n7100 black . like that case , this one was obviously designed by someone who knew what they were doing because it provides solid protection and fits the phone like a glove .
comes with a little slipcase cover , aux cable , and a c adapter .
there 's a padded flap in between the halves of the case that pushes into the other half a bit .
the front left side of the case is lower than the right to allow access to the volume control when the case is closed .
current qualcomm cpus have been well documented to be slower than even circa 2002 2003 pocketpc devices when it comes to multimedia .
this works with my chrysler town and country . pros * easy plug and play * sturdy design * plays videos directly from our iphone 4 's using videolan or cinexplayer * keeps the kids quiet on long tripscons * unplugs from iphone easily , causing kids to scream * blue light indicating that it 's plugged in draws power from the iphone 's battery * charging through usb plug does n 't work
this 34 ; samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung sph m330 , sch r100 , . . . 34 ; works .
i bought them bundled with a pack of 12pcs dust proof dust plug iphone speaker plug plugy black and they go well together , i have connected a stylus on it to go with my tablet , so my stylus is always with my tablet .
this need n 't worry you unless you 're into using hacking , overclocking , or other gray area utilities .
these numbers are all found in the upper right hand portion of the instruction sheet .
i felt that the default adapter 's included with the callpod were not the best choice .
you also ca n 't use mp3 's for ringtones without hacking cheating it .
there was something in the description about 34 ; usb , 34 ; but this unit is hooks up to the phones headset port via a regular old telephone jacks input .
easy to insert into the vent , but a struggle to pull out , have to hold both clips at the same time to pull out .
item works great very easy to set up . right from the baox it was set up to my phone in 2 minutes .
the one where you can see the back of the phone ?
does what it should , charges my iphone 4s , transfer files , sync music , etc .
i thought i would try this model , the mx150 flexible boom .
you could run to seattle and knock on amazon 's front door faster than connecting to the site . update 6 7 2006i tested the actual bandwidth and i connect at 39 . 1 kbps , that 's slower than dialup with a 56k ( 53 . 3 ) modem .
good battery life , easy recharging , simple to use .
this is not an issue however . note check the size of area around the micro usb end of your device to make sure you have enough room to fit this adapter 's head .
this is the same case but with a uniform glossy texture .
nope , it sits right around the back , not even touching the front part of the phone .
it 's not too great for writing or sketching but still more precise than a finger on a smartphone screen .
music sound quality is superb for small headphones .
the new trent itorch is the smallest and lightest 5200mah external battery pack you will find anywhere .
be aware that this is a mini usb connector , and while it will charge my newer smart phones , it requires a mini to micro usb adapter . . .
this stylus was used for two days and the mesh surrounding the tip began separating .
simple cable that charges my phone .
it is a short , 9 34 ; cable , which means that it delivers full charging voltage and data transfer capability ; longer cables may have issues with data transfer , due to resistive losses in the wire conductors , which increase as the cable gets longer .
if you are willing to go through the hassle , maximo 's customer support is great .
the c200 worked well , but this c250 with the longer boom mic extension was not as loud .
very quickly delivered , packaged safely price is amazing ! ! )
these chargers work great on almost any camera or cell phone battery .
great for a name brand charger .
it works perfect for heavy email , texting , and messaging that i do .
these headphones connect very easily to the iphone 3gs and sound pretty good .
its precision cut quality leather and its fine leather stitching are not the only features of this one either .
this cradle lights up and looks great .
the case fits extremely snug , considering how little it wraps around the top edge of the phone .
it arrived in a simple clear plastic bad with nothing else .
this is a really nice case very cushy feeling and fits perfect love the bright green color too !
it has 2 uses for me . my first reason was wanted a short extension cable for use with a meenova micro sd card reader as droid maxx does n 't have a on board micro sd card slot and have to use the meenova as a removable bay .
i also liked the tidy configuration of the product with the built in usb and cell phone adapters that tucked into its sides .
nice soft rubber for a good feel and protection .
it fits around the ear very well and does not intrude inside the ear canal as some do .
microsd storage ( music , photos and some seldom used programs ) works seamlessly .
i also thought the vendor did an excellent job packing and shipping the case almost immediately .
can use the phone gps and other functions continuously without draining the battery .
it cannot change the voice from this headset to digital .
because applying this film is a hassle . it is a three step process ( 1 ) cleaning your screen with a lint free cloth and proper cleaner ; ( 2 ) applying the white backed film over your screen and removing it ; and ( 3 ) applying the hd anti glare film set .
on a bus , i 'm having trouble listening to music or video on max volume .
but the design of the in ear shape is not always that comfortable .
this even works with a 75ohm cable that i am using dispit being a 50ohm antenna .
cable is approximately 3 feet in length and has very high quality connectors at both ends .
it will randomly ( and repeatedly ) activate phone functions such as redial or voice control .
motorola razr2 v8 v9 emu micro usb adapter oem skn6252 . i have so many of the mini usb connectors that it is a shame to not use them , give or throw them away .
came with batteries . cons loud beeps every time a button is pressed .
my brother bought a motorolla earpiece for about $ 30 more than i paid for mine .
the case provides enough friction to enable a good grip on the phone .
i looked for what failed and found the plug used to plug into your vehicle power source had failed internally .
the input to charge the device is micro usb , which is pretty much the standard now a days .
i ordered both the m1100 and the 925 plantronics . .
i bought this item and it 's competitor 34 ; micro usb retractable cable ideal for any micro usb . . . 34 ; . the another one looks more durable .
the key is a little tiny black plastic thingie that gets jammed in the headphone jack .
the inside material is soft to prevent scratching of phone surfaces .
the case has a rubberized feel to it that is nice .
plus the small plug on the mophie end wiggles a bit too much for my liking . thus the 3 star rating .
seriously the manufactures need to design more cell phone and mp3 and charger connectors like this one .
the only headsets that seem to work great are the types with a long boom mic .
the clip really holds the phone well .
it 's got a nice grippy texture without being overly rubbery .
it is a great headset automatically pairs with my playstion 3 ! it also has a2dp which means you can listen to music through these and not all bluetooths have this feature .
one off for wind noise , one off for cruddy bag design .
in combination with a 1 . 50 mini usb cable , probably the cheapest way to keep my nuvi charged while driving ! !
great protection without the super bulk of the defender .
for a 5200 mah battery this is great . i charged my iphone 4 from 1 to 100 battery life within two hours .
the touchstone required a 1 amp draw and this has it .
it works well , but the bright blue light can be annoying when driving at night .
this stylus feels like a real pen , with real pen length and girth and it glides over the dirtiest ipad surface with complete east .
i misread the product info and did not realize this is all torx screwdrivers .
i had hoped i could possibly charge 3devices ( output1 , output2 , and built in cable ) , but output 2 would stopcharging when i connected the built in cable .
the beading on the phone did not stand up to wear and tear with daily use .
both chargers also work well with other devices that charge through the usb port .
people who talk to me hear a horrible echo due to the mic picking up the earspeakers sound . . .
lo compre para mi esposa y le enca n 'to . . .
this headset was purchased to replace two crappy jabra freespeaks .
it swivels to stay out of your way when you bend or sit .
this is my first every bluetooth headset for my cell phone .
synthetic leather exterior is nice quality .
plus , if i wait a week or two the 5g , 6g , or 9g network will be out with yet another new and improved phone operating system . . .
plus if you play games like checkers or mahjong the pieces are so much easier to touch and move .
bottom line , this is an elegant leather case .
this case does look nice , but the connection between the two pieces is very flimsy plastic and fell apart after about a week .
these bose headphones come with three different sized earpieces .
i have the international unlocked version of the note , and it fits perfectly .
i have small ears so over the ear types of headsets do not work for me .
i do not like the huge over the ear type so i look for something behind the neck like these .
my phone fits more securely in this clip than it did in the original clip .
i hear them just fine . this is a great value in lower end bluetooth headsets !
the magnet in the case ( make sure the phone is facing so that you can see the front through the little notch ) puts the phone in sleep mode .
i get about 1 day of standby and 1 hour of talk time .
this car charger i use for all my devices with micro usb charger ports .
sound quality to the headsets is fantastic i love to hear conversations with both ears .
this is the second ifrogz luxe case i have purchased for my phone , this one is to have a different color .
it is the system as a whole that needs to be configured to a need which includes area of coverage , location , type of usage , cell frequency and more .
i 'd use a quality screen cleaner and compressed air can to clean .
the numbers and symbols are placed on the top row of letters ( where the letters qwertyuiop are in the keyboard ) . to access a number , you need to press the left function key and the corresponding letter .
loaded bolt browser for a couple of sites which refused to participate on the supplied browser .
this came with four different size ear buds , none of which fit my ear canal .
so i highly recommend getting a short jumper cable ( they sell all kinds of them for plugging ac adapters . . .
nothing really crazy to say , typical micro usb to usb cables .
these split ring straps worked perfectly for attaching my mini usb drive to my keychain .
i suspect the switch on mine is defective in terms of the 'clicking' on and off , but the actual switching of electricity works fine .
the case is a heavy duty rubbery plastic that is easy to grip provides good protection .
motorola razr v3 unlocked phone with camera and video player u . s .
as for listening to music , i love these .
it fits , it charges , and it appears to work .
so i bought an uag case and i love it .
this is easily the best bluetooth headset i 've used .
as advertised , an actual htc battery .
this battery is versatile offering both 1 amp , and 2 . 1 amp usb charge slots , the latter completely effective in powering an ipod touch hrt istreamer combination for 14 . 5 hours .
the little rubber fittings that go is the ear always slide out .
there are all sorts of functions they can do , such as answering calls and manuvering around the phone with buttons on the ears , however i do not use any of those functions myself , i just use them as a bluetooth headset at the gym .
replacement chargers , car charging in more than one vehicle , screen protector , snap on or silicone case . . . a bundle like this is highly practical and a budget friendly way to prolong the life and condition of your favorite electronics .
i love its look and feel .
there 's a sticker in the belt clip that shows this ) we love our cases !
it does not provide protection i the top edge or bottom edge of the iphone , as well as over the volume vibrate buttons .
this includes the top portion of the phone over the speakers .
terrific for dental op 's running digital equipment .
i 've used motorola bluetooths for years .
the weight of the power cord on the side of the bb will cause it to slip out of the slick pod . . . . . luckily i paid way below retail .
the motorola travel charger for motorola razr 2 v8 , v9 , v9m , q9 , and q9h worked for about a 8 months .
most bluetooth headsets irritate my ear to no end .
these paired easily and sound terrific !
although best buy has the best with its invisible shield covers by zagg , it cost 20 bucks !
giving up and going back to my bluetooth earpiece .
purchased the pouch for the galaxy note ii .
the new foam cushion feels great on the ear .
new trent changer is a savier .
these replacement usb cables work well but i would highly recommend getting the amazon brand usb cables .
the newtrent imp52d is an ergonomically designed charger for your personal electronics .
i really like the clear circle ( with the motorola m ) that lights up with a clean blue light when it is plugged in . so far so good , works great as a replacement charger .
the surface was able to detect the stylus with higher accuracy than one with a rubbery tip .
completely unnoticeable and even comes with a kit ( screen wipe , plastic card piece to squegee the protector down , two stage plastic sheet covers for the cover itself . . . crazy ) . 2 . it 's a little butch but overall does not add much ( compared to other otter brand cases ) to the iphone .
the small size fits me best .
they also both emit a light hissing sound in the earpiece when talking .
this case fits perfectly and gave you a nice grip to hold the phone .
this made the headphones useless for jogging workouts or yard work even a little bit of sweat screwed it up .
then quickly wrap the cord around the body and snap the plug end into the bottom cutout .
the voyager pro works so well in the wind where my previous headset , theplantronics voyager 510 , fell short !
the voice reception with this headset was just ok .
it easily hooks up to the rca component jacks located on most t . v . 's .
like the speaker phone functionality and sound not bad to listen to howard stern of espn through my sirius iphone ipad app .
however , the iphone 's bluetooth integration is significa n 'tly better and easier to use .
it works equally well in either ear .
jabra headsets are very comfortable and easy to wear all day .
it provides decent protection and glare reduction .
with this adapter , i could hear music coming out of both sides of my ear buds .
durable plastic , clever latches that work well to seal the top .
i also have a pair of philips noise canceling buds , similar price .
it does not have a great range for action movies or music .
dimensions are correct and case fit device well .
stylish , superb leather quality flawless disign !
i bought mine from deci accessories .
the picture shows a straight shaped one .
so the charge part of this charger works just swimmingly .
attempts to sync with this cable failed would only charge . put a regular ol' ipod cable sync succeeded easily .
at a 1 amp charge capacity , it 's fast too .
nice price . pros * design and thoughtfulness * bass of the sound * volume level can get really loud ! * price and value * handsfree , hassle free . . . when it works * pairs quickly and easily with iphone 3gscons * bulk packaging did not include an instruction manual .
i love these little thing for bluetooth headsets .
for me , the medium and the smaller size version of the eartip will not stay stuck in my ear .
i received 3 interchangeable earpieces and the mouth ear connect swivels so that you can wear it on either ear .
pros thick and i mean thick ! using for a intermec 5200 scanning device for work which you ca n 't get a zagg forholds up to signatures , constantly checking boxes with a 9mm lead pencilthe measurement lines for use in sizing to your specific needs are outstanding . pack of ten for $ nothing in my opinion ! ! ! cons none
the 5200 mah of extra power has been plenty for what i 've needed , and the device is small , light , and easily portable .
this caused a lot of frustration and the back of the earbud eventually broke exposing the charge port on the earbud to moisture from my wife 's workouts and it eventually stopped charging .
plus , the cord is too short for desktop use .
the nook started discharging normally . i plugged the satechi back into my laptop and all the status lights lit back up , as well as the nook cable 's charging light .
can also use to power my galaxy note 2 or recharge other usb devices .
i used to love this bluetooth headset .
when it is charging the phone , the car radio gets lots of static .
item shipped and arrived very fast .
check out the following link to gomadic 's universal charging station , this charging station is the only true charging station that comes with the charger and a few free tips to charge many devices .
it is too tiny for holding a phone .
the surface of the battery is very close to a matte black finish that helps with not showing fingerprints .
no noise cancellation worth a d * mn . . .
the kind of commitment to quality it takes to maintain those markets shows up strongly in their bluetooth headsets .
the fit is perfect , all cut ous line up with the phone ports , speakers , etc .
it fits the nexus 4 perfectly .
i also purchased a bluetooth dongle ( medialink usb bluetooth adapter ) for my netbook with the intention of using the headset . each transmitting bluetooth device needs to be paired correctly with the headset .
it is good for running and walking .
no inverters ) . did i mention the plugs constantly pop out ? i deliver pizza on weekends , and the pizza sign plugs in to my lighter .
great idea and design , not great execution and materials . it works good , but once mounted , almost impossible to adjust out the sides with the ratcheting mechanism .
dropouts seem to increase when battery is low . incoming ringtone is a loud high pitched warble painful and mind jarring . microphone in unit is sensitive to noise i have to cup my hand to overcome traffic noise .
perfect size for adding some extra power to the 3gs .
sluggish switching . * the ear pieces cost you a certain amount of ambient hearing of your environment .
still like new after many years of use . looking for an 34 ; in the ear 34 ; near perfect bluetooth headset for phone calls or listening to music during your workout ?
it stretches out , front and back are hard , and elastic holds the sides together with a velcro close on the top that stretches over .
this was a reasonably priced socket splitter and works very nice .
this battery also has a small light that works great .
till now i was holding off on getting thedlo jam jacket with cord management for ipod nano 3g ( black ) for dealing with my headphones , since i also wanted a belt clip for added stability .
i 've ordered many cases for the s3 , so i have many to compare with . pros looks good transparent back is nice for a white phone side texture adds grippinesscons bad buttons cover .
at one end is a micro usb 5 pin plug and at the other end is a standard usb plug .
it is unlocked and working great on the tmobile server though .
iphone shut down after 2 minutes of being powered up .
looking at picture and according to description it had a hard case with rubber outer print .
it 's lightweight , easy to adjust for right or left ear , with clear sound on both talk and listen .
included in the package is a relatively short pigtail cord with standard usb on one end and mini micro usb adapters on the other .
it 's got a cool blue light .
it has a nice , slightly rubbery feel to it .
this headset sounds great when talking , unlike others that sound faint to the listener .
one feature i especially liked is the noise canceling and anti wind feature where you can talk without the background noise even if it coming from the wind .
this design has the over the ear loop sprouting directly behind the in ear speaker .
it has samsung markings but it does not charge the phone .
adds very little bulk to the phone and has great grip without collecting lint and dust like some silicone cases .
it 's made of some sort of paper like material .
but it does n 't fit when i use the standard apple iphone 4 bumper .
it works in all my connectors usb wall charger , usb car charger , imac , pc , and other usb ports .
the volume from the headset is also on the low side . since then , i moved on to jawbone ii and then jawbone prime .
it 's a hard case and in my favorite color purple .
the shocks at the treadmill are yet to be tried out .
i love the callpod chargepod , which is a round hub with 6 spokes of chargers sticking out of it .
dialling s is much easier with the voice caller id .
this is a awesome product , thin and it really protecs my iphone , not to mention that comes with a screen protector cristal clear anti srach .
this transmits a true 30 feet .
other prepaid providers like speak out wireless ( from 7 eleven ) give you one full year of usage .
the motorola glowing blue light logo looks cool at night .
these external but spoofed as internal messages get blocked by our anti spam filters . when we wanted to try to white list ( unblock ) the verizon servers on our anti spam server , their technical support and verizon representatives refused to give us the ip addresses of the servers from which email messages are being sent .
my phone uses the t mobile network , and combined with the all the data you can eat program ( around $ 20 a month ) and my ibook with a d link bt adapter , and i 'm good to go .
hard plastic on the outside allows you to pull in and out of your pants pockets easily , but rubber interior is padded to protect your phone .
say a star rating system for physical condition , functionality , etc .
plantronics , to me , is the gold standard in bluetooth technology .
if i have a bluetooth headset active , it refuses to play music at all through the built in speaker or a cable .
better than the in ear because if you jog you hear the wire movin against your body .
insuffcient volume and insecure attachment to my ear .
compact , fits in my pocket , lightweight flexible material .
works perfectly for my needs , good quality audio .
the only thing missing , in my opinion , is the cutout for the apple logo .
it charges with the phone charger or through a usb port .
but if you do n 't want to mess around with a chinese knockoff , try this full length oem replacement rca usb a to micro b cable .
i like the quality of the headset ; but , i would n 't expect anything less from plantronics . 3 ) solid , quality feel to phone .
using an adapter means you cannot control the ipod with the s9 buttons but that is a minor nuisance ( though it would be nice if a new ipod had that capability ) . the s9 does not play stereo directly from a macintosh computer currently but apple 's new operating system ( leopard ) is rumored to provide that capability .
shame on duracell for trying to push this good idea , but poorly designed product !
i bought the artic red frost for nexus 4 . i love the material of this case that makes it strong to hold the phone ( hard rubber type material ) the case also covers some parts of the bezel enough to not damage the screen when laid on its screen .
the only thing i did not like about the charger is that only one of the plus is 2 . 1amp the other is only one amp is unable to charge any of my devices .
the p6800 galaxy tab has a battery size of 5 , 100mah .
i bout this for my galaxy note 2 w anker extended battery attached .
the sound quality of this earphones is good .
traditional in ear bluetooth sets not only hurt my ear canal , but they also did n 't have the battery life to make it all day .
easy to use and works well with other sizes in the system .
the weight and feel is awesome .
it is also made of low quatity .
the headset i reviewed cost $ 40 . i have nerve problems in my arm and need a headset .
way more functional than the adapter usb cord nonsense . works perfectly for any micro usb device !
so recently when i came across the motorla s305 bluetooth stereo headset on sale , i thought about bluetooth support along with my new laptop and cell phone , both supporting a2dp ( stereo audio ) and avrcp ( remote control ) and decided to go for it .
you can track the energy use of any plug in 110volt appliance in your home or garage .
but , i do n 't have any problems with myplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset .
the only complaint is the extreme left and right tips a little when typing .
the cable is rim ( blackberry ) branded , seems to be constructed really well , and works with my nexus one both to charge and transfer data .
it not only works with my iphone 3g , the extra port allows me to charge up my creative zen v mp3 player , zune , or my palm z22 pda .
the after market companies products never seem to last .
headphones play from my sony phone w o the bulk of the factory model .
last i peeled off the layer labeled 2 front . highly recommended .
works as expected , holds a charge .
this neoprene wrap completely surrounds , goes over the edges and is thick enough to provide ample protection for my canon elph . the base has a screw that attaches the wrap to the camera via the tripod hole .
this is an exceptionally versatile charge that works in a car or in any country on the planet with slide on wall plug adapters and voltage regulating circuitry .
the case does not interfere with keyboard access or cause the edge of a screen protector to pop up .
nice solid case with hard foam lining , its held up well and kept contents inside dry , clips are solid and case is rugged .
after the first pairing , connects right away to phone .
the imp52d is pretty much perfect !
the slender cabling going to the earpiece has even held up well . the sound can be characterized by being somewhat bass heavy , but not as much of a bias as the vmoda 's and the lenntek 's are a little more articulate over all .
it also poses a problem when wearing eyeglasses one temple rests on top of the headset ear hook with the other at ear height .
the catch on my hs850 charger plug was more difficult to release and required much more pressure to release than my other 2 motorola charger plugs of the same type .
looks great , slim , improves grip , protects the phone from drops on concrete .
all of my weekday workouts are with my bluetooth stereo headset .
slightly better than the stock headphones but louder .
it connects just to a few pins on one end .
received on time and is great nice blue light once plugged into charger .
packaging states that it blocks rfid scans , and meets 34 ; standards 34 ; . certainly overpriced .
very neat looking headset but not functional .
it is made of a very flexible plastic molding .
overall , i highly recommend this charger for style , quickness and price !
the 34 ; arm 34 ; that moves was broken off when i opened the box due to the arm is only attached by the thinest piece of plastic .
shipped immediately , arrived quickly , works as advertised .
works fine as an ipod charger .
droid turn by turn navigation is great , but the battery is dead in no time if the device is not actively being charged .
i noticed none of the cases on the apple website have magnets .
palm branded , fits perfect in my palm pre plus with the touchtone cover .
it glides easily , without dragging or sticking to my ipad and i really appreciate the little nub thingy that tethers it to the headphone jack .
v simple instructinos , though it lacks the ability to switch easily between headset phone back . nevertheless at $ 35 or under , brilliant value .
very comfortable , clear volume and great fittting around your neck .
this does not work on apple .
the result is something so flimsy that jawbone inc .
one side of twin zippersgets stuck and wo n 't move , so i justuse one zipper .
the corners are well protected with extra contoured silicon .
these stickers are used to separate the protective screen from the backing .
then when i travel , i can connect those same device to the car charger using the car power adapter .
and the set is terminated by a 3 32 four conductor plug . the build and sound quality of this set are good .
this is used for a very specific situation to use landline equipment with cell phone service .
buy a single charger , and it accommodates a variety of swappable charger form factors ( i also purchased charging tips or an ipod nano and a bluetooth headset ) . add an igo power splittersplitter , and you get the flexibility of being able to charge two devices at the same time .
i purchased this inverter before a camping trip to inflate an air mattress that has an attached 110 volt ac powered pump .
there was no packing slip enclosed but the usps envelope in came in showed , accstop in oxnard , ca .
the two step approach to applying the sticky screen protectors is superior to many , and no bubbles .
oh , and have you seen the prices for more sleeves ? $ 35 for a blackberry sleeve for my husband ?
the clip for the coiled cable is also nice .
this set of headphones rocks ) makes running lots easier .
good noise canceling in other environments . not good outside in wind even with new mic grill .
the plastic edge below the home button has broken off on the front side after three months .
open circuit , with the break somewhere in the plastic elbow of the antenna . for the price , i figured messing with the factory stubby antenna was n 't worth my time and bought this wilson antenna instead .
i got it in a day after ordering using amazon 's prime shipping .
this is soft , it 's easy donning the phone , protects well .
palm pre is with the wrong carrier in the us .
i used the screwdriver and the plastic pieces of the kit in replacement , and the tips of the spudger get bent without hard use such as prying the old battery out .
it 's extremely lightweightsolid bluetooth headset , particularly considering the price .
no problem as you can charge it via usb or via ac adapter .
this headset from plantronics is extremely small , nicely packaged , it paired immediately with my blackberry 7100t . the packaging is very cleverly done and the headset itself is a simple silver cylinder and weights a mere 9 grams .
krusell claims to have a lifetime warranty , but after completing their online registration process for warranty , they require activation which they never send !
it might well be a name branded cable .
i have it connected to a multi handset landline cordless phone and it works fine .
cable charges and syncs perfect with iphone 4 . i actually received the rounded one fits just like the factory .
it 's simply a piece of plastic scored in the middle so it can fold , with a soft plastic band on the 'feet' to both stabilize it and grip the iphone ipod .
no change whatsoever in the signal strength on verizon but a noticeable increase for some other services .
inside is padded with non abrasive material protecting the screen .
the h721 folds up to shut off the device whereas the plantronics headset required me to press down hard on a tiny , tiny button to switch it on off . i paired the motorola headset with my lg env3 with no problem .
the sticky on the backing does n 't last .
the contols are easy to use .
i keep my ear buds in the main section , and a spare battery for my phone in the mesh pocket .
the charge holds very well , you can use any cell phone charger to charge these .
these run $ 7 . 00 each , yet they are nothing much more than thin paper , with thin layer ( s ) of aluminum foil within .
it synchs easily with my bluetooth motorola phone .
packs a lot of power on a full charge .
great pair of bluetooth headphones , all things considered sounds good , easy to pair , very light , does all you need to talk on cellphone , listen to music .
customer service , shipping , and product came in excellent condition time .
this is a semi hard case and offer superior protection for the scanner .
the portion that protrudes gently into my ear came loose , then broke off .
they look good and stick good !
note that volume * level * is controlled by either the phone or the unit , but the volume * output * is limited by the unit' amp and speaker .
other leather cases i tried ( while perhaps more stylish than this one ) did not have enough room to accomodate the ifrogz .
i even have a signal in elevators and stairwells . 2 . text messaging .
great cover and protection without adding bulk to the phone .
when texting the sides can be tough in portrait mode , but small con for all that this case gives your iphone for protection .
one speck of dirt on one of the three screens , and they 're done .
later i purchased a lipstick sized 2600mah battery that does fit her intended use . edit now there are batteries this size with much more capacity thanks to advancements in battery technology .
it has a standard micro usb charging port , making it easy to use a blackberry or android charging cable .
except , your finger hides the green light .
mine lasted for about 6 months when the end of the cable where it connects to the phone , the wire became exposed and stopped charging .
eforcity is the way to go .
i stopped using , may damage i phone pins .
it looks really well on the phone , covers most of the phone as pictured .
further , the sidekick ii has both aim and yahoo !
this offer no protection for the phone .
love the tweezers and the big writing telling me which tool is which size .
and the added 'bulk' makes it easier to hold and use .
the spring in the unit pushes the two way out of the 12v socket .
the biggest problem is the speaker volume on the headphones when on a call compared to the speaker volume when listening to music .
the only thing i do n 't like is tracfone 's 60 day refill polic you must refill every 60 days to keep your account active ; otherwise you forfeit your number and balance .
if you can wait , wait a bit longer , otherwise for walkie talkie style cellular , nextel is the best .
it 's a steal deal with socom .
it sync 'd with the cell phone , no problem .
i will post a picture of this . 5 ) it has made a permanent buff mark where the edge of the case meets the iphone .
i had no issues with the suction cup working , just wet the clear rubber part that connects to the window or disk and you will get a tight seal .
its a basic pouch , flap , magnet design .
however , it does not work on charging batteries for my bluetooth headsets .
purchased two , one returned for failure to show green charged lamp after overnight charge .
the gel makes lifting heavy weights a breeze .
it 's a slip on case that looks good and protects the phone from light drops onto the desk .
this instrument makes writing easier on the iphone .
the supplied cable with the two little adapters seems odd to me .
the cozip fits very nicely and adds very little weight or bulk .
it 's definitely much better than many $ 20 price range headsets earbuds but it 's probably not audiophile quality either .
it will not work . the size of the unit was good .
i put the card inside the sleeve .
have owned it for 4 months and it is the best bluetooth earpiece or headset that i have ever owned ( and i have probably owned 6 or more of various brands blueant , plantronics , etc . ) . serves as wireless music headseat or bluetooth phone headset , simultaneously .
micro auto chargers commonly do n 't maintain good contact with cigarette lighter socket .
just got this on 6 5 2011 great automotive bluetooth fm transmitter for music and speaker phone for my iphone 3g .
you could see it through the translucent case .
as a result , i have tons of mini usb chargers including standard usb cables .
very well made , and the glowing motorola logo is a cool touch .
they built a little plastic ramp to make it easier to slide the plug in , but it gets hung up on a plastic lip .
one piece that slips on fairly easily .
it is a common assumption that a full bluetooth headset should sound better than a one piece bluetooth .
it fits my galaxy snug . simple to take off , if my chance you have to access your batt . or mem . card .
pro 's sound good . great for workout since it wo n 't fall out of your ears . works with iphone .
retracting mechanism broke after like 3 pulls .
what a great iphone carry case for the price .
the was quite a distance from my desk , but the 50 feet of cable wilson provides is up to the task .
lastly this headset needs improvement it terms of cancelling out wind noise .
it 's really a hd sound quality .
i love there ipad screen protectors cost $ $ but so worth it .
krusell and amazon are playing games with product coverage . 1 . 5 mos after purchasing , one of the belt loops came completely detached .
the magnets within the touchstone cover and the dock align the phone properly for you .
works with skype on my laptop also with bluetooth usb adapter .
it readily connects to any of my bt devices and the phone quality is good .
all openings are exactly right , easy to turn screen on with button on upper right of phone , stylus comes out easy , able to charge and use cameras .
could not ask for a better set of earpieces .
listing does not specify cable length .
be warned , mobal is a ripoff .
right after getting this , the plastic around the phone connector broke , exposing the wires .
i have used both stock and aftermarket chargers .
this is a low cost ipod cover in the pattern of a tire tread looks as if it was made from an old tire like a poor kid 's sandal in south america .
it sounds fantastic , it 's really comfortable ( especially with the jabra eargels on the ear piece ) , and the battery lasts a long time .
to use it you lift the handset and push a button on the earpiece to turn the earpiece on .
this model , the c250 earwave boom , is one of 4 jabra headsets i have ordered .
they definitely put my verizon , at t ; and sprint branded chargers to shame , which have a difficult time charging with the screen on and gps running .
the charger came with all of the correct motorola markings and holograms .
if you are looking for your typical cheesy mp3 boombox 10 megapixel camera sms mms messenger mobile phone for your teenage kid then this is not it .
i noticed a fairly deep scratch on the back of my iphone right where the middle opening on this case is .
the body of the unit connects to your telephone line , an ac adapter , and a unit that sits on your phone to lift up the receiver during calls .
i have 12 third party applcations installed and still have more memory free than the older blackberry 's come with . 2 ) audio video .
no complaints at all , apart from the fact that my motorola phone does not support transfer of the directory to other devices , thus foiling the blueant 's verbal announcemnt of incoming call origins . . . but that is not blueant 's problem !
purchased these or my husband as he does not like the in ear bluetooth headsets .
charge and sync capable tested with several android devices droid charge , htv evo , droid x , etc . 2 . it 's lightweight .
holes for the camera , flash and speaker are in the proper locations .
less high frequency response than my motorola s9 's . difficult pairing with htc touch have to go to settings each time to refresh unit as wireless stereo and wireless handset .
the instructions are clear on each protector are two tabs with 'step 1' and 'step 2' on either side of them .
the connection to the ipod it looks like grey plastic , and on the side it has 2 buttons to release the grip on the connected device .
the imp 500 by imax power is the best protable battery you can buy .
i had to reposition the unit to the plastic pullout on my visor .
very roomy , holds note ii plus cover . the design is great .
it will charge with a car charger and work with a cd player that has an 3 . 5mm aux outlet on it at the same time .
by the way , i used the mid size ear gel . battery life i paired it with nokia n95 . it resumed the phone 's power more than i used the samsung 's headset .
i have another pair of cordless head phones that are like a head band and i much prefer the in your ear , and the light weight of these .
the inline iphone smart phone controls work wonderfully .
very annoying . turning of the screen can be unresponsive having to shake the phone to get the screen into another position . touch screen lacks sensitivity compared to capacitive screens .
the texture on the back improves grip and i have the feeling that the nexus is well protected .
it 's easy to clip into vent and it holds great .
navy seals confrontation bundled with bluetooth headset the great part is this bundle ( which includes the socom game ) is often cheaper than the standalone headset . highly recommended if you need a headset for your ps3 .
rather worthless , a torx driver too small to fit anything on 34 ; most of phone 34 ; , a tiny phillips driver that 's totally useless on 34 ; most of phone 34 ; a guitar pick ( really ! ! ) two plastic prybars that might have a use , and a suction cup with a keyring attached .
it comes with several ear bud sizes and two ear loop sizes .
on the trip i had 4g on , gps on , power amp music player open and carhome app opened .
it 's fine in both portrait and landscape modes .
it 's your basic handsfree one button headphones but the good part is it allows you to replace the headphones with any others as there is a jack at the end of the hands free .
it slides all over the desk very easily and cause of the weight can carry the phone with it off the desk . 4 . white color version ?
it charges the phone better than most verizon labeled ones .
this adapter play music quite well but it looks and feels very flimsy .
the blueant z9 is everything it claims to be .
the headset comes with several different ear attachments .
this headset sounds better than the actual phone itself because it cancels background noise very very well .
fill the powerxtender with rechargeable batteries and check igo 's website for the correct tips and you 're ready to travel lighter and smarter .
the materials and design of this product are far inferior to the cliphanger , which comes without the light cliphanger stick and adhesive pad clear orcliphanger universal caddy for handheld devices , colors may varyor with an led , which is available at the cliphanger site .
love love love the price and color options of ipod ipad cords here on amazon !
the front part of the case open up because its too big causing dirt and other materials to get into the case .
many devices ship an oem ac adapter outputting 5v at 1 , 000ma . i 'll be using this with a sprint htc evo 4g which normally uses a 1 , 000ma adapter .
this closure uses the rotating tabs to lock the bag shut .
before getting this earbud headset , i primarily used a shure earbud that retailed for around $ 100 , i believe it used to be called the e2 , but it 's no longer made .
the cable still charges my phone but it will not sync to itunes anymore .
this adaptor works great , but i had to call schosche tech support to get it working .
props up my touch on the meal tray on long flights ; holds the touch next to the bed as an alarm clock .
we 've used this car power adaptor to charge mobile phones and headsets .
the mini usb to micro usb charger adapter works perfectly to use my standard mini usb charger connection to charge my new phone that uses a micro usb connection .
1576 ; 1589 ; 1585 ; 1575 ; 1581 ; 1607 ; 1575 ; 1606 ; 1575 ; 1605 ; 1606 ; 1610 ; 1608 ; 1605 ; 1605 ; 1575 ; 1588 ; 1585 ; 1610 ; 1578 ; 1607 ; 1584 ; 1575 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1605 ; 1606 ; 1578 ; 1580 ; 1608 ; 1575 ; 1606 ; 1575 ; 1587 ; 1593 ; 1610 ; 1583 ; . . . 1608 ; 1605 ; 1585 ; 1578 ; 1575 ; 1581 ; 1604 ; 1575 ; 1606 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1576 ; 1591 ; 1575 ; 1585 ; 1610 ; 1607 ; 1588 ; 1594 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1607 ; 1593 ; 1604 ; 1609 ; 1575 ; 1603 ; 1605 ; 1604 ; 1608 ; 1580 ; 1607 ; 1608 ; 1601 ; 1593 ; 1604 ; 1609 ; 1578 ; 1587 ; 1578 ; 1575 ; 1607 ; 1604 ; 1602 ; 1610 ; 1605 ; 1578 ; 1607 ; 1575 ; 1608 ; 1575 ; 1575 ; 1610 ; 1583 ; 1607 ; 1584 ; 1610 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1605 ; 1575 ; 1585 ; 1603 ; 1607 ; 1604 ; 1575 ; 1606 ; 1610 ; 1580 ; 1585 ; 1576 ; 1578 ; 1593 ; 1583 ; 1577 ; 1576 ; 1591 ; 1575 ; 1585 ; 1610 ; 1575 ; 1578 ; 1579 ; 1575 ; 1606 ; 1608 ; 1610 ; 1607 ; 1608 ; 1575 ; 1601 ; 1590 ; 1604 ; 1607 ; 1584 ; 1610 ; 1575 ; 1604 ; 1605 ; 1575 ; 1585 ; 1603 ; 1607 ; 1593 ; 1606 ; 1594 ; 1610 ; 1585 ; 1607 ; 1575 ; 1605 ; 1606 ; 1608 ; 1575 ; 1602 ; 1593 ; 1578 ; 1580 ; 1585 ; 1576 ; 1607 ;
sound quality ( i use ooma ) is crystal clear on both ends !
i have a 'panic bar' above the glove box , so i have wound the extra length of cable here . . .
the biggest bonus to me is that it handles the palm treo 's marginal bluetooth quite well .
they also included the return label in it
but the plastic swivel broke after getting caught in a chair handle .
the ability of the tabs on the side to fold in are the best design of the 3 i 've had .
coupled with limited coverage , i 'd say vm 's service is a bad deal .
the earpiece cover is made of hard rubber .
the prongs that hold the case extend out and catch on just about everything that i brush past .
ver high quality finish and feel to it .
the problem with the one i got for the 3g was that the 34 ; elago 34 ; print and all that other print below fades out .
so , it increases the sound of the music and leave the overall hearing aid volume in place .
lithium batteries have alimited life of about 3 years , so correct recharging is essential to maximum usage .
the lanyard seems of reasonable quality and so does the point of attachment .
although they give you other earloops for changing out , that only works for the mono earbud .
it 's super cheap and fits very loosely on my car air vent .
voice commands work wonderfully , as does the main control button .
the dual case system adds great protection .
get an android with replaceable batteries , and universal microsd charger , and a man sized screen .
overall , i really like this bluetooth speakerphone .
los materiales de este igo son de muy buena calidad y muy confortable , ademas no tengo ningun problema con esta igo y la recomiendo mucho gracias . the materials of this igo are of very good quality and very comfortable , plus i have no problem with this igo and highly recommend thanks .
on the 3xl , the case flops a little on a normal width belt .
i bought 4 of these cables and they look just like oem cables , but they do n 't work like oem .
i will have to look for a charger with a faster recharge rate ( amps ? )
i received an older , first generation motorola battery for the v3m which has a black casing .
the smartpad did not work on my saab dashboard at all .
i tried other , more expensive cases like dlo , belkin , casemate and griffin .
she only eats shirts with pockets .
two ports for charging , 1a and 2a .
after ordering a ca 100 cable and waiting for the brown truck of happiness to arrive , i discovered that inside the amazon box was a sealed package festooned with nokia logo and ca 100 model designation .
it holds the phone securely and has plenty of adjustment .
i got the cable and it clearly showed ( on the bag holding the cable ) that it was 1 . 0m .
this case has this rounded edge thing going on , which prevents your fingertips from getting to those side switches .
they are shipped interchangeably . 3 . the htc oem 3 1 adapter .
the microphone in the headset does a very good job of picking up my voice and blocking out background noise .
this is the second blutooth earpiece i have ever owned .
the company that wrote the app for me is long gone , but the mda still works .
pros 1 . compact in size ; 2 . eye ball absorber design ; 3 . good bluetooth connection ( w hs820 headset ) ; 4 . convinient input keyboard ; 5 . the screen is clear enough to show a vivid picture ; cons 1 . battery is toooooo weak .
it does nothing for the front of phone .
the dual mic technology is more than just pseudo scientific marketing jargon !
she prefers one that hooks securely around the ear .
lots of protection for the phone especially in on the outside corners .
really poor quality tweezer bent like nothing screw drivers made of cheap plastic adhesive removing tool again cheap plastic you get what you pay for would not recommend to anyone who is trying to perform phone surgery
the suction on the windshield is great .
if you want higher fidelity with gold headphone jacks , look for one similar to this , but with gold plated contacts .
on the other hand plantronics voyager 510 voice is far superior to samsungs ( imo ) .
i like the look of this headset , and i really like the fact that flipping the boom turns it on and off instantly . however , the motorola hs850 performs much worse than my much older logitech mobile traveller bluetooth headset .
out of the box , it comes with 3 tips that will work for blackberry pearl 8100 series , curve 8300 series , 8800 series , and bold series .
the earpiece needs work blueant can take lessons from plantronics there .
i appreciate the size of the imp52d and the extrafeatures of the light and laser .
just know that this at t version has no wifi !
i use a big magnifying glass , 1 . 5x reading glasses ( 3x would be better ) , a headlamp ( to add light where i need it ) .
item looks and works as expected .
i was a little disappointed in the quality of the pen .
it 's faster to put on the logitech and the range is much better .
this product is really good and easy to use . 2 of the 3 provided solutions work perfectly .
used for 1 month before it broke also not 2 . 1 amps both usb slots do not produce enough current for sgs4
very clear , verbal directions spoken are very nice .
this cable works perfectly with the palm pre , not only for exchanging data with applications like itunes , but also with our car charger .
getting a snugly fitting cable for the 5g ipod is not easy but these ones nestle in securely .
with this booster i get a very reliable 5 bars and data rates of 1 . 3 to 1 . 5 megabit download and upload speeds . the device is reliable , but i frequently need to turn the amp off and restart it .
it includes a leatherette 34 ; cup 34 ; for the ear speaker , but i usually do n 't even use it , finding it comfortable even without it .
it 's also a bit pricey as well , but thankfully , it 's quite fashionable . general design the blue pulsating led on the headset is sleek , modern , and cool .
however , i have to get use to its behind of neck design .
i was torn between this and the defenderotterbox defender case for iphone 3g , 3gs ( black ) retail packaging the reason i decided to go with the impact case was because i had no use for a belt clip .
i was able to load the lg driver for my phone from the cd that came with the accessories .
also , the design of the case makes it difficult to reach the silence switch , use the home button , and touch the edges of the screen because the case sticks out so much .
when i put it on my phone , the lip that goes around the front of the phone was uneven .
it only works in landscape mode due to the phone 's size , but it works great as a stand for my note 3 whether out of the case or in its leather icarer case , so presumably it would be compatible with most slim fit cases .
it has a built in usb cable and a micro usb cable .
this headset fits and works perfectly . if you are familiar with the mono headset that shipped with older palm or handspring treo phones , this headset is a stereo version .
the smaller adapters block some noise but not like deep ear canal buds , better for keeping track of traffic , etc .
i prefer the targus or alupen over this one though . targus stylus for apple ipad , ipad 2 , new ipad ( 3rd generation ) , 16gb , 32gb , 64gb wifi 4g , iphone , ipod , tablet amm01us ( black ) just mobile alupen , black ( ap 818bk )
the cost of this 25 foot cable is much more reasonable than cables of shorter length .
the 'grippy' part actually seems more slippery in my hands than the non textured areas .
the cloth interior of the speakers will not stand the sweat for long .
it is made up of good material and very sturdy . it comes with 2 phone holders . 1 specific to iphone and other is univeral . universal holder holds iphone4 with bumber very well , other holds without bumber cover only .
would be nice to have an indicator to show full charge charging mode .
wherever you can catch a verizon cell phone signal , you will receive , even stronger , their broadband service . . .
i originally purchased this for my cell phone but found it can also be used for charging both mykindle fire , full color 7 multi touch display , wi fiandnovatel wireless mifi 2200 prepaid mobile hotspot ( virgin mobile ) . it is especially useful for the mifi 2200 which sucks battery really fast .
i have fat fingers and have found selecting keys on the hero 's keyboard nearly impossible .
this headset is exactly as described by the manufacturer .
so it is hard to hear tomtom 's voice instructions except when there is little noise in the car interior . i recommend this device .
the case for the iphone is very thick and has these metal contacts on the back that make contact with the metal pad .
i tried it on a power charger for a cell phone and a camera battery charger .
for this reason , my next bt headset will definitely be of the 'earbud' design .
i wanted a stylus for a touchscreen phone and they sent me a stylus for a palm device .
although its nice that they tone down the high end frequencies so they do n 't suffer from sharpness found in many cheap earbuds . overall , these earbuds has a warm sound with good bass kick and does not suffer from sibilance , but could improve on midrange clarity .
all in all , i vote for the plantronics
i finally found one called a 3 1 case that has an external case that will hold the player , earbuds and other small assessories .
this was caused by the weak connection between the 3 . 5mm jack and the cord .
i will get a metal set as well , now that i know how easy they make disassembly .
otterbox ) , it has enough soft silicone material to almost guarantee a safe landing onto a hard surface .
works great with bb bold 9650 ! bb original .
the minor issues were fm transmitter with the car radio has some static associated with its use .
the black yellow had an installation sticker which showed how to put the iphone into the belt clip holder .
this item seems to work ok for larger wattage equipment .
it definitely charged very quickly for a car charger .
folding prongs , compact wall wart body , long attached cable with a microusb connector . overall a tremendous value , especially if you have amazon prime , but double check the specs on your device to make sure 700ma output will work for you . jerry
very poor quality and does not fit droid 2 global as stated in description .
i bought this model , supertooth light , when the original blue ant supertooth 2 was no longer available .
i recommend the seidio line of cases for blackberries over any other manufacturer .
the cable seems to be original samsung cable with name on it .
folds flat for easy packing when travelling .
the finish of this reiko case is great , no cheap smell .
the dermashot was ok , but the silicrylic protects your phone better without any extra bulk .
the basic layer is made of silicone , which is then wrapped in an incredibly sturdy plastic shell .
save your money and get a better quality headset .
it fits perfectly and looks great .
this is an exact replacement for the oem wall charger with the folding blades .
it works to charge via usb and via ac .
rediculous ! most reputable earbud companies ( v moda , bose and shure ) have different size earbuds for each individual .
it also lights a really cool blue once plugged into the vehicle cigratte lighter .
works ok by itself but works much better with a line booster . ( line booster viking rg 10a ) it will only ring a few digital ringer phones , would not ring the old at t swb ringer phones .
the microphone is clear and crisp and the speaker volume is loud and sufficient . for me , i used a jabra a210 bluetooth adapter for a sprint sanyo 8100 phone w 2 . 5mm headset jack .
this adapter works with every connector i have .
whether it 's bach 's violin concertos , gluck 's dance of the furies , dire straits , johnny cash , or jefferson starship , the audio sounds true , that is , the instruments and voices sound natural .
the drawbacks are the skin for the phone , and actually trying to sync the phone .
it 's a data cable for proprietary samsung phones .
while fishing i 'd used an identical but 34 ; brand name 34 ; dry pak that was loaned by a friend .
having said that , this 3xl leather case fits an iphone 5 with case pretty well , and that 's why i bought it .
even though the case covers a lot of the buttons and front of the phone everything operates perfectly .
as a bonus , the tape adds a little extra bulk around the upper loop of the headset , which helps hold everything in place .
the iphone will also bring up that annoying 'accessary does n 't work with iphone' message .
these earbuds were priced right and offer good sound .
this is a really nice horizontal carrying case for the iphone 3g s .
this dry bag works very well .
volume ( listening ) was initially an issue , but re pairing solved it .
this is a sturdy case but too small for droid x with protective case .
the indentations for the microphone and the speaker tend to collect lint if you carry it in your pockets and the micro usb is sort of a pain .
bluetooth allows me to operate without the wires of earbuds . . . fits snugly and securely over the ears .
i easily paired it with a sony ericsson t68i and my 15 powerbook running mac os x 10 . 3 . 8 . my quick testing with ichat av was positive and it seems quite usable for use with an isight for the voice portion of a call .
i used velcro and attached it to the back of the tv for a clean look .
boxwave shipped pretty quickly , but there was no tracking available .
this is a blackberry micro usb car charger and it works flawlessly .
add to that the final layer of the rubber ( armored ) sleeve and it transforms this phone into a tough phone .
it does not work with my new v3e . i am using the overpriced version 4 . 0 disc purchased directly from motorola . software updates still do not recognized the v3e .
works well and the blue light up motorola insignia looks nice .
grips the surface andthe phone well .
my head looks like a safety beacon at the airport .
i always think of hard cases when i think of otterbox cases .
has the blackberry logo on the back and fits snug .
long battery life , connects quickly to phone .
the flap has a magnetic closure and with the openings at the bottom it is easy to remove the phone from the case .
charges quickly and adds functionality to the palm pre .
silicon feet' ? silicon scraps pushed on the so called feet .
to type a symbol , you need to press the right function key and the corresponding letter .
the battery life is good ; the lights on the headset are helpful indicators .
the design of the skydock 's lighter plug makes it very stable and very difficult to remove .
this arrived in what appeared to be a nokia retail package , and had nokia insignia on the cable .
the base needs a mini usb connection .
it might look good on paper but in every day use its in the way and annoying .
the only thing i would change is that it fits a little tight on the bicep area .
plantronics replaced it , no questions asked .
for example , i can get mono audio out by plugging in a telephone headset into the 2 . 5 connection .
the tenqa sp 109 speaker is a decent bluetooth speaker that is easy to use but it is let down by its low to mid grade sound quality .
this holster has magnets in it that automatically puts the pearl in standby mode , which disables the keys .
excellent price and this data cable will mount the samsung vibrant ( galaxy s ) smartphone tested on both mac os and windows in usb debugging mod . length is 30
i managed to strip the up down gearing inside the vent since once you install the bracketron , the position becomes fixed and when you try to shift the air vent up down , it will strip since the position of one of the up down blade is fixed . . .
probably a plastic case the wraps around the whole phone would protect it better .
works well , has crisp clear sound , from the headset headphones .
each half has a 1 inch wide elastic band across the middle , and there is a sewn in flap that protects one half from the other when closed .
it has four blue leds that indicate how much it has charged up .
this is the best bluetooth headset i 've ever owned !
incoming voices are clear but lack bass .
unlike motorola and cardo bluetooth units , this one actually goes into your ear like the handsfree wire that probably came with your phone .
the result is a bubble free film that looks great .
same technology used in combat so hq can hear soldiers in a humvee or a firefight .
i had to get a 2 . 5mm adapter to 3 . 5 , the phone does not see the headset most of the time and wo n 't route calls to it .
this headset has a volume adjustment that actually works the upper volume range is amazing .
i have the iphone 3g and even without video , noticed that the battery life is not very good . the mophie juice pack air case and rechargeable battery solved that problem . . .
search 34 ; ge tl26190 telephone in line coupler 34 ;
it doesnt have to be an alarm but just a single indicator chime or beep would help .
remains average room temp while using .
it has a hard outside shell with a soft lining to prevent scratching .
this adapter lets you use a charger with a * mini * usb connector with phones that take only a * micro * usb connector .
although i did n 't like my callpod dragon bluetooth headset , i love this callpod charger .
mine on voice dialing recognized every word but the yes command that actually would initiate the call .
it also functions well as just a good set of mini usb adapters .
made in china . the quality of this samsung unit is questionable . the two halves of the case do not line up correctly , there is excess molding around the front where you insert it into the 12v cig lighter .
when used with a cingular data plan and the phone 's bluetooth or usb data capability , the phone can be used as a wireless modem for laptops and pdas . i say caca !
i live in a country where the fastest mobile data connection is still gprs edge , so my tro 650 is just right .
i miss the five way joystick navigating in google maps is a bit awkward . ( alt scrollwheel for side to side ) . the keyboard is ok , but . should have a dedicated key .
the case only had the tire mark across the back .
just ordered this stunning red slip case .
i replaced my jabra headset after i lost it .
they fold up to almost nothing in the included carry pouch , though it is n 't quite as protective as shure 's kevlar case that comes with an a cord spool built in as well .
the volume on the side could use some work .
higher output gets my devices charged faster than other 'budget' vehicle chargers .
i threw it away , very flimsy and hard to get the clip off the main piece of plastic .
money part needs length to really pack some cash in .
easy to apply , very durable high quality product .
bought it to use with my watchphone while biking or driving . sits nicely in my ear ( xl size ear bud from the package worked best ) . it does have the volume control ( press noiseassasin button to cycle through volumes , quick guide explicitly mentions it ) dsp was sufficient enough to talk in a busy street .
this product claimed it was a charger for iphone 3gs .
this headset works pretty well with good noise canceling , but it wo n 't stay attached to my ear so the part that rests on my face loses contact .
the main reason i bought this case is the two ways to attach to a belt .
they work great , sits good on my long ears and looks cool around the neck .
works fine , light comes on , charges .
the features include call accept , call deny , mute , hold , voice dialing , 3 way calling , and you can turn off the blinking blue light ( if you 're so inclined ) . even though it takes a aaa battery , it 's about the same size as a comparable rechargeable headset .
uses standard aa batteries that last a long time .
if you get the sandisk sansa fuze , this is a package you must have .
for under $ 5 , even though the smallest flat head screwdriver in here is 1 . 4 mm ( too large for the screws that hold the links on a seiko women 's watchband ) , the quality is such that i will keep them .
i really do like the case for my bluetooth .
the boxwave evertouch is a wonderful touchscreen stylus that excels in its job on my kindle fire .
it is a somewhat awkward maneuver that involves the use of both hands to pull the loop open so it can go around the back of your ear while simultaneously wrestling with the ear piece to direct it into your ear . the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset functions flawlessly .
i use it mainly for streaming music and not for talking via bluetooth .
the road noise or wind noise will over saturate your voice .
works fine , it 's your standard oem motorola charger .
my last headset was the original aliph jawbone , which due to design flaws is now falling apart .
i got these for my jawbone headset .
only came with adhesive ( double stick tape type ) that fit the top and bottom , not the sides .
it synced easily with my android phone .
granted they 're only bluetooth v1 . 2 , but they 're light , have a built in rechargable battery , are quite comfortable to wear , and have very good sound quality .
skype setup has an option for using the bluetooth headset for skype only , otherwise the normal audio devices are used .
jabra continues to make high quality headsets .
they can support a high powered laptop , treo , navigation unit , dvd player for the kids in back , and also charge an ipod or bluetooth set all concurrently .
i really like this inexpensive lightweight bluetooth headset !
nice thick gauge cables do not heat up like the cheap knock off replicas and the micro usb end of the cable locks into the devices firmly .
ever hear of a 30 day warranty ?
muy econ oacute ; mico y protege bastante el blackberry storm 9500 9530 . . . .
this phone has it all except for 3g and support for bluetooth stereo headsets .
the strip at the bottom of the case that 's right below the home button is to high basically making you disable the fingerprint scanning portion of the phone .
also , jabra customer services is great .
it works just as great as the original charger .
by pass this thing and get an iphone ! freezes frequently and requires a reset . little ball thingy you use to navigate is a joke . small screen . fails to connect to wifi hotspots too many times . teeny tiny keys . update software from rim is a farce .
the iphone 5 fits this holster very well , even when enclosed in a case .
i would have preferred that the new trent recharged itself from the usb connector rather than the round plug on the side but the self coiling connector cable plus mini and micro tips work okay .
this has to be stuffed in the lighter receptacle because of an excessively tight fit .
this has been the best for me yet . it provides the cushioning feel of a silicone cover but it is harder and not sticky like silicone .
my husband likes the sleekness of it
also , at night , gives a cool blue effect from the lighted up part .
when i plugged it in , i got the 'not for iphone' charging message .
i went back to the regular clip hangers .
just be sure to select bluetooth sco as the mic and headset in skype .
on top of that , the battery life on the headset has greatly diminished in it 's capacity .
it does come packaged in a plain plastic bag , instead of the clam shell packaging that you would typically see in a store .
if you are going to spend this type of money , you better get something for it . go and check the ballistic sg caseballistic sg0867 m385 soft gel case for samsung galaxy note 1 pack retail packaging black silicone black tpu white pcfor the galaxy note to see what a proper case should be like ; or just get that cheapo tpu case . boxwave is just fleecing customers with this overpriced case .
it works perfectly with voice dialing and voice commands .
the mophie juice pack allows you to add an external battery to make the overall battery life longer .
no delay or missed calls while holding down an on off button .
case makes phone difficult to hold in hand .
order 20 , 30 pin apple cables none of them work with any of our devices , computers and power supplies .
she had the same issue with a motorola h500 earpiece and i can use the same motorola earpiece fine . purchased a plantronics 510 which works for her .
this is a very nice looking case and the droid x fits nicely in it .
pros good price , small portable size !
it provides great tpu protection without adding bulk to the phone .
the sleek design and 5200mah high capacity make it a must have backup external battery for everyday use , particularly for travels . my htc evo 4g is a battery draining monster and i already have a seidio innocell 3000mah extended battery installed , but usually the extended battery will be drained down to 60 by noon with little to normal use .
it is probably my 3rd bluetooth headset .
i also enjoyed the additional mini features on the itorch .
in a nutshell , this is not an oem charger .
the pattern on the back is a mixture of smooth and texture and gives it a good grip .
the whistle interfered excessively with the intended sound from the player .
this case is worthless with my motorola hs815 headset .
this goes for the main unit and the external ear speaker .
since it 's oem , it works perfectly !
my old plantronics headset needed to be replaced and i went with this one .
it can charge a cell phone and a bluetooth completely with one charge .
the mophie juice pack while adding a bit of bulk to my 3gs iphone also give the phone more life and run time .
after some use the voice quality of the blueant st3 has degraded .
it is also not difficult to open up the device and and use the 5v leg to run a direct 5v usb for hardwiring nav units . the usb 5 volts is pretty clean and accurate checking with load on car start i am getting 5 . 1v and it settles at 4 . 95v , all well within tolerances for any usb device . . . .
the per minute usage charges are very high , but if you consider the cost of a sim card for each country , this plan is still a good idea for low use .
never having used a headset before , i was amazed how well a headset phone sounded .
i would have given this a 5 star if it was only a clip wired bt headset .
two elasticized side end panels allow for a good fit ( although my second one was a bit snugger than the first ) . the second one fit the iphone 2g ( no skin ) perfectly , but not a 3gs with a thermo plastic urethane too tight .
this item is great if you have a phone case which prevents full access of a reagular head set jack .
motorola makes a y adapter so you can charge both your phone and headset from 1 charger .
this includes the default language , time , date , voicemail , email , im etc .
a nice addition to my non marking tool kit .
hooks up to an ipod just like it should and works to transfer files and charge the unit .
the weight is nice and balance on the year is good .
small , light weight headphones that are bluetooth .
i bought this bluetooth after using another model of plantronics bluetooth to death .
this has been one of my favorite bluetooth ( bt ) headsets to date .
i purchased the palm pre original smart phone ac usb wall adapter original palm pre charging usb 2 . 0 data cable to test and see if it would charge my hp touchpad ( which it does ) , the touchpad oem charger cost $ 25 anyone that has a touchpad should purchase 1 of these just in case
be it the a00 tip for your kindle or whatever .
still like new after many years of use . looking for an 34 ; over the ear 34 ; near perfect bluetooth headset for phone calls or listening to music during your workout ?
these are really inexpensive factory refurbished batteries .
the on off switch by folding the headset and the easy to push buttons make all the difference in the world .
awesome . from a music standpoint , these are amazing .
protects whole device without adding weight or bulk .
yes it came in bulk packaging but it had all the paperwork and warranty information .
saved 25 dollars from verizon cost and it looks good lit up at night , reccomend highly !
like some of the bb phones , this was very useful for charging jawbones that required rocker plugs .
sound quality is like a low end logitech computer speaker .
when playing audio back , however , the audio is not mono , but merely the right channel of a stereo signal .
for the imp70d , ( icurve 7000mah battery ) i have loved this battery .
the light blue aesthetic is neither too masculine nor too feminine .
in my case the path from the earpiece to the mike was blocked but open in her case .
the replacement phone from se 's service center was shipped in a partially disassembled state .
it has a nice , spongy tip which is firm enough to select things on the hero .
it charges while docked and with the 8900 's bedside mode , your phone becomes a bright clock and night light . . .
the earpiece is stamped verizon and is of different finish than pictured .
this item arrived in a plastic sandwich bag .
they come with a small lint free cloth and i used some windex before that .
if you want a power extender for a smart phone , go with one of the lithium batteries like the powergen mobile juice pack .
the 12vdc plug end of this cord is approximately 4 . 5 long tip to tail and may present a issue in some vehicles .
the case fits snugly to the phone all around , allowing normal access to buttons and great protection for the open ports . the holster is much stronger than i expected , with high impact plastic and a strong ratcheting swivel clip .
i 'm running a 3rd party rom ( cyanogenmod ) which is cupcake plus some donut , on my htc dream , and it works for me .
the unit puts out so much rf interference it kills all radio stations and also kills fm traffic alerts on the garmin .
looked better than oem and was cheaper .
if you 've ever held a samsung galaxy s3 with a zerolemon 7000mah battery on it , you know it 's heavy .
no way to adapt it to work with micro mini usb cables or adapters .
works great on lenovo k1 , nexus 7 , skyrocket 2 . very smooth on the screen , very sensitive .
it was shipped in small white envelope .
easy access to the button and sounds good too .
this makes the unit fit tighter and reduces background noise .
this is a great headset kit .
i am now looking for anoterheadset with a looparond the earlobe and a more positive off switch .
i like the blue light that turns on in the circular part .
apparently it made all the difference . i had used voip , which is a internet connected phone system rather than the old wired system of at t ; , technically called a pots .
constantly being pulled and re clipped to my belt , after a couple of weeks the stitching holding the leather covering over the metal belt clip gave way , thus leaving an exposed , sharp metal clip .
these were advertised to fit the habra stone .
also the color blue is wearing off on the back of the circle already . do not buy .
it 's a genuine nokia car charger .
there is no pads to protect the earlobes .
the one plastic wedge broke on first use .
the plastic release tabs on the side both broke , and then the main clamshell came apart .
logitech , creative , and spracht all make bluettoth speakers capable of rich , full bodied , hi fidelity music reproduction , though the motorola eq7 emerged a clear cut winner in my side by side comparisons .
it worked great and charged my phone pretty quickly , even while using gps and streaming music .
if you do n 't mind in ear , the moto s9 hd 's are a good bet ) .
offers a small yet firm pouch for carrying any bluetooth headset that fits .
i also found the price from amazon , really competitive
it is great for running and taking train to work .
it applies cleanly to your car windshield and removes harmlessly in one piece with a box cutter edge .
carry case , blackberry vinyl pocket case b001b38lugmy blackberry came with this case , and i was distraught when i lost it .
using apple 's usb charger is an overnight process .
google mail and calendar sync is supported ( via the nokia exchange client , see google instructions ) . gps works very well , both with google maps and the built in nokia navigator .
i got this case because seidio makes awesome blackberry cases .
the edges of the sticker seemed to attract makeup , dust and other gunk making the phone look very unsanitary .
i have the antenna mounted to the outside of my house withwinegard ds 2000 universal antenna mount with u boltsand it was a quick and easy installation .
also great to connect to external speakers .
i use a wired headset with a boom mic at work due to background noise causing too much interference with the mic on my bluetooth headset .
the discount cards for places like cvs , walgreens , etc ) .
these are usually embossed on the casing of the cell .
it 's the first time i 've heard a walkman sized speaker practically equal the thunder of a home theater system .
the cable 's external insulation separated from the connectors , on both sides of the cable ( phone end and mac end ) , within one week .
this is the perfect keeper for my motorola command bluetooth headset .
i 've owned bluetooth devices by scala , motorola , and plantronics .
oh and that plug for the cable on the tape is loose as hell .
these come with a small lint free cloth and i used some windex before that .
today , the connector on the case itself no longer connects to the cable .
it has a tip that is the same as the one on the powermat dual 1850 battery pack , so i can recharge both my phone and bluetooth headset simultaneously .
for example , i have noticed my web browser functionalities do not work with my cingular sim card .
you do have to use their phone ( moto x $ 299 or moto g $ 149 ) because they need republic 's proprietary software to work at these rates .
the 1 amp out put charges quicker than the wall charger that came with the phone .
sometimes evenbetter quality then a land line . second is the music and video players .
the different length cords to the earbuds do n 't bother me .
positioning of the phone is very easy , it fits the charging cradle perfectly and charges at the proper rate ( about half as fast as a wired connection to a 2 amp adapter ) .
as many have mentioned or discovered , the thin portion of the frame near the bottom of the phone 's face eventually cracks and then breaks off over time .
the button is also a led indicator .
the piece that goes over the head to keep the unit to my ear put to much pressure on my ear .
smart money goes to the whole off brand bundle for less than the price of one oem accessory !
i connected it to the port on the back of the arm rest to minimize the light 's distraction .
also the hinge on the back of the phone causes the phone not to lay flat . i paid $ 4 for this case , and i got the type of quality one would expect for a $ 4 case .
mic picks up well , clear voice coming through .
the location of the recieving antenna and the transmitting antenna is critical !
this no frills case preserves the iphone look while adding some protection . debbie lee wesselmann
at airports watching people talking into space with some huge clam attached to their ear with a flashing blue light swore me off bluetooth .
does the job and is better than most retractables .
my only issue is that the ac charger only has 1ft of wire from the wall wart to the connector .
pros price of this unit on amazon . sound qualitylight weightbattery lifefolds to almost half its extended sizecons volume buttons need some redesign .
the first one was thelogitech freepulse wireless headphoneswhich had problems with the head band breaking and wore fingers out waiting for the headset to pair up with the provided bluetooth adapter .
without losing the use of your corded or cordless phone systems at home or in your office .
seidio would be wise to fix this flaw .
this supertooth ii solved my problem .
i live in ga and cingular reception is very good .
also the black vinyl zippered pouch stinks like some toxic chemical .
there is also a small pocket inside the case .
i have been usingbh 280 bluetooth headset 8hr talk timefor a few months now and it is great .
it 's name brand ( motorola ) , is good quality , and it 's cheap !
using this software for the razor works great .
i love the way it looks , good grip on the side , great design on the back partially see through white fits quite nicely on the phone .
i have had this bluetooth headset for about a year now and like the natural voice sound production and build quality .
plugs right into my power oulet in my car and charges my phone fast .
these make using the home button easy .
in addition , this charger has 850ma output and is genuine motorola oem of the finest quality .
sound quality is good for music and calls .
this is it for all 5v devices that need on the go charging .
it does have some drawbacks though . i started with a dlo case for my iphone . dlo leather holster case for the iphone 3g ( black ) it was perfect thin ( close to the body ) , access to the headphone port while the phone was in the case , and a big hole in the bottom to push the phone up out of the case .
a dedicated wall jack charger with high capacity ( 900 mah ) seems to cause it to go into error mode .
the cord itself is a shade thinner than the current apple usb cable and the quality of the coating on the wire is cheap .
it is made of hard plastic with odd fins and protrusions everywhere .
it is very light and there is a sort of conductive foam tip .
this wired motorola razr headset is better than a bluetooth one for these reasons the mic is closer to your mouth so your voice will sound better and clearer than a bluetooth headset where the mic is way up by your ear .
all my 5 front side screen protector are went bad .
it is exactly the size of a usb memory stick with a lanyard attached .
my plantronics is a better fit and more comfortable .
this is a bluetooth stereo headset , plain and simple .
they are comfortable as well because the part that goes into your ear is made of rubber .
the construction is lightweight , somewhat along the lines of apple 's sync cable .
but when i wanted one for 4g i got a wilson electronics 815126 sleek 4g v cell phone signal booster retail packaging blackhttp www . amazon . com gp product b003nq5nwi ref cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_hst_38its only for a single phone or jetpack but it works great !
love the small size of this headset .
small size lightness makes it extremely portable pocketable . smooth and attractive exterior design .
some of the additional features , like the double click to re dial , are nice .
great features except for the phone one .
the stand holds my 7 inch tablet well .
it was easy to setup the by plugging a telephone cable into the box and into the house wall plate .
this is a second pair of m m earbuds i purchased , one of the buds came off on the first one .
i have an old style flip phone which uses 2 . 5mm plugs .
the 34 ; leather 34 ; is on there , looks good and is of good quality , does n 't flake off or discolor .
i tried a yagi antenna with my repeater , but never got a signal .
best bluetooth headset i have used for sound quality on both sides of the call .
both ends plug in smoothly and the charger works well .
it stays planted on the dashboard fine however .
i do like the feature of the headset turning off , when boom mike closed because thats where the battery savings comes from .
even comes with a clip for my ipod .
i compared it to a zaggsparc 2 . 0 , which is rated to same capacity , and the zaggsparc clearly carries more juice . however , zagg 's product is more than twice the cost !
i do wish this headset had more available settings for low volume .
this is the original equipment oem battery for razors and other vintage motorola phones .
these are no beats by dre headphones , but they sound great .
seems to be built well and love the way it lights up when it has a connection in the plug outlet
i like the solid base and the layout of the device .
speck , griffin , etc cases are junk .
it is quite comfortable to wear with right size ear bud .
the product is as advertised a genuine oem motorola battery .
i then realized the notch on the bottom .
it 's got a glossy plastic finish and a 4 led battery indicator so you can check how much charger it has .
stream stored music or web radio . works great in the car and around the home and office .
i work from home and use voip ( ooma ) connected to a panasonic phone .
this guy will charge a phone , even when it is on , streaming music over bluetooth and using gps .
the ridge around the front allows me to put the phone face down without it touching a table .
i use this to play ps3 games . .
we both love the bright , vivid colors and the snug fit feel of the case .
color started fading and the protection over the earbuds kept falling off .
most protectors at least wrap around the front , offering a minimal sort of 'padding' . this thing ?
it also gives some extra grip to the rather slick nexus , making one hand operation and reading safer and easier .
i have since purchased an internet streaming device for the tv , and switched from netflix to amazon instant video .
me gusto mucho el adaptador nokia dc 4 cargador de m oacute ; vil . . .
i have tried both the rubber bubble tip types and these foam tip pogos .
they still referred me to plantronics . com after 2 prompts .
there are three different kinds of attachment devices ; a strange looking plastic spring ; a string ; and a string with a ring on it .
headset has full handsfree functionality that is very easy to use .
the photo does n 't show it , but it has two 'feet' that fold out to hold the bottom of the phone from sliding out .
my original 2007 speck toughskin case finally wore out after several years of successfully protecting the phone .
my wife uses a similar case ( matte finish and obviously slimmer ) when she 's not using the mophie juice pack .
the attachment for the 2nd ear' works great and is very unobtrusive .
the explorer 350 is simple to set up and use .
there are also 2 usb ports that you can use to plug in other usb chargeable things like a tablet or rechargeable camera .
it does what i want it to , charge my power hungry vibrant .
built in led flashlight and laser pointer are a plus .
this little stand is an awesome addition to the bbry suite of accessories .
there is no excessive movement , the buttons work easily still and the cut out for the speaker and plug ins work perfectly .
the provided rubber buttons and the over the ear thing is just not comfortable and you ca n 't get a good fit . i purchased the jabra clear gel earpieces from here on amazon and now the whole set works perfectly .
you can get mini usb to micro usb adapters on ebay for about $ 2 3 . you can even get a mini usb to regular usb adapter , so you can use the charger with any usb cord you have . now , to the charger .
small but mounts on top of vehicle and connects to the wilson cell phone booster to bring in more signal .
this lead me to seidio innocase ii holster .
it slides on and off very easy .
with this 5200mah external battery you can use it to charge up your mobile device .
i used six 3 16 x 2 inch long lag screws and drilled right through the siding and into a vertical 2 x4 on the inside of my attic .
once it runs out of juice , charging times are minimal while charging it off of my ipad 4 wall charger . the laser pointer is extremely bright and fun to use when playing with the pets !
it seems the connection into the carry on base unit is somehow dropping the connection which makes this essentially useless .
i love bling and this has a lot of bling .
it looks good and feels good in the hand .
however it is a perfect protection carrying case for the motorola bluetooth ear piece .
i am a bit concern about this . the fully charged itorch is able to charge my galaxy tab for 60 , from 20 80 in three hours with the extra 6 long cable for the galaxy tab .
i wish the button on back of the case was flush , but no big deal .
clean your voyager 's screens , choose the correct protector for external internal and peel off 'step 1' . apply it to your phone then squeegee off any air bubbles .
uhura with a giant ear piece in startrek .
this lifter fits onto your phone base and lifts the receiver when you press a button on your remote headset .
i purchased this bluetooth headset for two main reasons .
down every single step ! ! spilling kerosene , breaking some glass , and knocked over some paint cans .
the connection is bluetooth and was easy to set up .
this is a fairly good bluetooth headset .
the charger and cable arrived in a padded envelope with the charger in a plastic bag .
i like the purplish light that tells me it 's connected .
good , small , well designed device with two functions 1 ) charge dead aa batteries , by connecting to a live usb cable ( laptop or wall charger provides power ) . 2 ) charge dead phones and other devices that use usb ( or micro usb ) chargers , using fresh aa batteries inside this unit . does both tasks well .
this samsung headset has a built in on off switch , the audio quality is on par with the jawbone , and the ear loop fits comfortably for me .
the seidio with the incipio ngp case make for a great combination .
the voice activation software on the phone works very well with this speaker phone .
the leather construction and the design of this case are certainly novel , however it has a major design flaw . the iphone 5 has a noise canceling microphone on the back near the camera lens .
it 's great to have a sturdy , lightweight stand for watching videos or when using my timely app as a bedside clock .
makes more sense to bring rechargeable batteries to be extra eco green friendly .
this works great charging both my blackberry and my bluetooth headset at the same time .
charged pretty quick for a car charger .
this headset is easy to operate and sounds great on both ends .
i got it so i could connect myvirgin mobile lg optimus vto mygoal zero guide 10 nomad 7 solar adventure kit , and they work perfectly together . 2013 update works flawlessly with myhtc evo v 4g ( virgin mobile ) phone , and mypowergen mobile 5200mahportable charger .
those apps may not work entirely on the tilt 's cpu . the other apps i 've used , from backup to office suite to games to shell add ons do work nicely indeed .
it works as good as oem ecause it is .
i tried a wireless bluetooth headset and my voice always sounded distant and callers could hear ambient room noise around me .
the others have a delay when you hit the key on the iphone .
large screen displays numbers very clearly .
use the highest mah batteries you can find i have a set of 1800 mah in mine , but also have a set of 3000 mah on order .
perfect for travel and everyday use . feels extremely well made .
easy to install , plug into lifter and place for greatest visibility ( cord is about 5 feet long , secure with screw or double stick squares ) .
my employees use theirs for job site music .
email set up is a breeze i love using the custom ringtones for people in my address book .
the booster took very little time to setup and gave us good coverage for folks using both verizon ( cdma ) and at t ( gsm ) .
one edge of the protector was a bit to big and left a small bubble on the top conner .
so far i have had jabra bt60 headphones , and logitech bt for mp3 headphones .
very smooth and sleek case that provides excellent protection from scratches and also has an inner layer of padding on the back that keeps the inside of the iphone from being scratched from the case itself ( unlike the imorphe battery case ) . plus the colors are just soooooooo cool !
this looks like it 's built well and has engraved 34 ; samsung 34 ; , but i have had nothing but trouble with this charger .
after a week only one side works
it is easy to operate and even has an led laser pointer and a small white led for flashlight use .
this particular charger offers dual usb charging ( 1a and 2 . 1a ports ) as well as a standard power socket .
it does not work on the android touchscreens .
however , there was also an electronic whistle increasing in frequency with the rpm of the engine .
i still like the form factor , but the headphones no longer charge and the stems leading to the earpieces are breaking apart .
i bought this to use with a galaxy s3 i modified with parts from a palm pixi touchstone back cover .
i also wish it had multipoint like the 5xx series from plantronics .
the outer edge of the mute button will flash red off and on as it is charging . to use it with the game you have to pair it to the ps3 console .
it works great with calls that dial out also . so make sure your headset is compatable to mobile 6 for voice calling .
my aqua colored cover gets marks on it from my black belt case . definitely recommend this cover .
i wanted an oversize holster to fit my samsung galaxy s iii with an extended battery or protective case .
the duracell mygrid starter kit is an interesting idea .
the outside dimensions are actually 11 . 5 x 2 . 5 x 2 . 2 none is 3 . 2the inner dimensions are 11 x 2 x 2 my adesso scanner is 10 . 75l x 1 . 8w x 1 . 25h so it fits perfectly .
it is a little heavy , but it was expected with a 5200 mah battery .
does n 't work with an otterbox defender case !
if plantronics could fix this , the headset would be perfect !
however , this antenna shows zero improvement over the little zero db gain spike that comes with the sleek .
fits the home recharger wall mount , the car radio recharger and also my iphone .
you can personalize the pebl with a variety of wallpapers , themes , menu styles , color skins , screensavers , and message tones .
great for working in the yard or exercise .
i was getting a popup message charging is not supported with this accessory . you can fix this by installing a cydia app named noaccessorysplash ios4 and it will fix the problem , but this is a cydia app .
the perfect location to plug into my stereo with the headphone jack line out .
somewhat delayed key responses and uncomfortable behind the ears .
an adapter like this is a must have if you own an iphone 5 external battery case .
the phone charger works , it charges the phone .
i use them for talking on the phone or listen to podcasts while driving , and for listening to music .
and the screw has a little popup handle so no screwdriver is necessary . it 's simple to use .
after looking at it closer , looks like the space below the usb slot has plenty of space cut out , but the space above the top just barely clears the slot .
i especially like the matted back .
powersupport 's cases suck , but the screen protectors are awesome .
i bought a different boxwave patent leather clutch with magnetic closure and was so impressed by it 's functionality .
all my chargers , car 's and wall 's , were mini usb .
the amazonbasics 4 34 ; cable is the perfect complement , but i wish trent devices came with short cables for charging . imp52d is a great back up power source for my iphone .
it 's hard to find a small philips screwdriver for the iphone .
pairing is a piece of cake and the feature of the phone re pairing after being turned on works flawlessly .
it intelligently turns on when flipping open the boom .
an easy plug into the icurve with my white iphone cable and i 'm fully charged in about 30 minutes .
version 1 . 2 ) should have no compatibility problem .
i am using it with a plantronics cs351n headset which i love for it professional wireless function .
makes my work bb look even better in the clear case .
also the wear kinda fast if working with tight screws
my order came very quickly from vivid tech !
it even charges my bluetooth headset and keyboard with no issues .
the little foam boots they sell to reduce wind noise do n 't work .
plus it save a usb port on the computer because i can now use the usb mini phone to charge my blackberry and then stick this adaptor onto to it and charge my plantronics bluetooth headset .
less than $ 5 for a 25 foot cable .
this plantronics voyager pro is the best bluetooth i have owned .
after purchasing the following case ( $ 20 ) , sd card reader ( $ 10 ; for the easiest transfer of files to the sd card ) , 2gb sd card ( $ 150 ) , 2 . 5mm compatible headphones ( $ 17 ) , 2 . 5mm 3 . 5mm headphone adapter ( $ 10 ) , extra sync cable ( $ 13 ) , mp3 player application ( $ 15 ; the realplayer is clunky and does n 't have a graphic equalizer ) , i have nearly spent as much as the device itself !
i love that the screen side of the phone is protected .
open the magnetic clasped black box and , on the left , a brochure and business card .
although the amazon listing calls it a tri band phone , it is in fact quad band .
of course , the light weight and good battery life make it a stand out . my favorite phone is still the sanyo vm 4500 video camera walkie talkie speakerphone cell phone for sprint pcs . . .
i also use this same headset with my home cordless phones and my mobile phones that have 2 . 5 mm jacks .
the part that goes into the touch falls apart into four pieces and is apparently impossible to get it back together so it charges .
its the headset or the technology . .
it was originally a nice translucent clear color .
nice extendable cord . it charges iphone 4 and 3gs correctly but the usb port does n 't work .
the jawbone is a very good headset .
this is an excellent bluetooth speakerphone .
the back of the unit rests on my collar and the rubbing of the collar against the headphones transmits into the ears . the music is crisp and clear , but weak bass .
the unit comes with both a corded charger , a car charger , a usb adapter and two extra ear hooks ear molds .
but i did notice that the actual oem cable inserts much better than this after market cable .
as another reviewer mentioned jabra minigels are the solution and i tried them .
the backbeats charge with a standard micro usb tip ( a97 ) . they fit on my head much the same as the 401s except that the flexible ear pieces fit a little more comfortably .
my only criticism is the lack of instructions for attaching the clip to the case ( it is threaded so it screws apart ) .
if so , you may also need to buy an additional the micro usb cable and ac power adapter ( or car charger ) .
i have an htc incredible and a usb battery ( solbat ii ) that have micro usb charge ports .
very light , easy to use and fortunately mid range signal tones .
the second generation ( newer ) motorola batteries for the v3m contain black graphics on a white background as pictured on the website .
but if you want to listen to the ipod portion of the iphone , you will need an adaptor ( sony bluetooth wireless transmitter for ipod ( black ) . once paired with both the iphone ( directly ) and the sony adaptor , it works with all functions .
this is my first bluetooth headset .
in terms of feel , they are somewhat like a tpu case ( not as hard as plastic , yet not soft like silicone ) . the ridges on the side make gripping of the case feel very secure .
i have tested this against the griffin dual output unit . i checked the charging current . this unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma . griffin was charging with 40 ma !
i used this cable as an adapter for my old regular usb phone charger .
aliph should include these with the jawbone headsets .
what a great idea for a case , a built in back up battery attached to your phone .
i use it for my galaxy s4 with spigen tpu case .
they feel like cardboard painted with clear polymer .
bought a case , screen protector , a car charger and an extra home charger for the price of one in store charger !
just remember the 3gs and 3g use two different digitizers .
slides in to pocket without issue .
also , beware buying so called motorola bluetooth earpieces on a 'bay auction site .
it is not easy to use the clip on belt or purse , too tight ; however , i like the two sim card keeper slot for international traveling use .
comes with 4 different adapters for oem phone chargers , which is a novel yet cumbersome approach .
the rubber that connects to the hard plastic separated on every case that i owned .
not sony 's . it looks cool , is comfortable , and is literally the smallest stereo bluetooth headset around .
easy to use and good quality sound .
i connected the output to my base wireless phone system , and now have my whole house phone system working without the bugs i had in the 8 years of voip service , and without the wired cost of the at t ; or verizon charges , assuming you can still find real wired services anymore .
i always tend to take the screen protector off and use a spigen tempered glas . tr with it , great combonation !
this is the best cellphone mount i ever bought !
i have the white iphone and ordered a white color elago case to go with it .
unfortunately , this $ 100 headset does not match the sound quality of a $ 25 wired headset with a boom mic .
volume buttons does work but does not control the iphone 's bluetooth volume . sound quality on the iphone and mac is bad .
personally , i find that big chunk of rubber protecting the headphone jack unnecessary .
there are scratches on the back of the case .
it comes with an a c wall plug adapter for charging .
it is an in ear design meaning the earbud goes in the ear canal and creates a seal to isolate outside sound .
reliable , original retail accessory shipped promptly . indicator light and large ( long ) tip .
the case fits around the iphone 5 's body like a glove .
however , the product made a quite audible ( at low automobile speeds ) click click click .
much better than simple silicone ones .
fabulous protection for iphone and the workplace .
while driving at night , the blinking of the device is extremely bright .
it takes some power cycling of bluetooth on the phone and headset to get everything to work .
my favorite is the plantronics voyager 510 . by far , itis the best sounding and most trustworthy bluetooth headset .
by using rechargeable batteries ( slides into the pen style carrier ) you do n 't even need to purchase a car charger or home charger .
you have a charger for the car , a regular outlet , and a usb charger .
the problem was that the spring tension of the ear loop was slightly pushing the headset off my ear .
it lives up to the jabra standards works very well , and looks great .
previous to this headset i had purchased the plantronics backbeats and while having great sound , the connection between my phone ( droid incredible ) and the headset sucked .
i have a 500mah blackberry charger and it works the same as this one .
blueant said the product is discontinued and they will replace with supertooth light
bought this to accompany thenew duracell pps3us0001 powerhouse charger , universal cable w usb mini usb durpps3us0001so i can charge my lg env touch cell phone , since the powerhouse only came with a mini usb not a micro usb !
this defender is rugged and fits on the waist band or belt .
especially if you use systems that require dtmf tones to operate .
it may be something to do with the design of the head set .
i choose plantronics because as a regional sales manager road warrior , i 've always had luck with plantronics .
the case lacks the stiffness that would afford better protection ( and also lacks cardboard between the leather and the inner liner that would afford much the same protection ) . it lays completely flat , unlike leather pocket pouches that generally retain the shape of the device .
the package has two sizes 5 of each size .
when i returned home , my carrier subsidized touchscreen phone with virtual qwerty was no longer sufficient .
these ear buds are fitted with soft rubber pads that rest in the ear without entering the ear canal .
nice case but it is built way too tight to fit smartphone with a sturdy rubberized protective shells , only accepts phone with extremely thin cosmetic only shells .
get the defender case which has hard plastic and rubber .
i got this case to hold my i phone 4s with morph case on it !
i use it for my touch ( with an ikross screen protector .
purchased this as a second model in place of scosche revive ii dual usb car charger for ipad , and only used an iphone 4 with it .
for cycling these headphones are a great in combination withram mounting systems rap 274 1 ap6u ez on off handlebar mount for apple iphone 3g 3gs .
but it listed the iphone $ s as one of its device for compatiablitiy .
even on max volume , the audio levels are pretty low .
my original cord from samsung charges at 1 amp , but this cord plugged into the same charging block only charges at 400 milli amps .
inbound voices are rich in bass but * completely * lack crispness .
i purchased a motorola oem br50 replacement battery for my razr v3 cell phone .
the indicator lights on the battery seem accurate , both to display the charging status of the spare batter itself and the discharge rate when it is charging my phone .
this cover only protects the back .
in short the xlink bluetooth gateway is great for increasing your usage of your cell phone service .
the wires that were soldered to the back of the steel plug blades were cold soldered and came apart .
i like the way it adjusts for different angled windshields .
the microphone is excellent at picking up your voice for hands free calling and voice to text which also works better than most !
i wanted to use my own standard 3 . 5mm headset that i am comfortable with and not the standard 'drive thru' style that comes with the xbox controllers .
i got the gold color , which matches my hair and skin color .
the ball joints should have more range of movement .
multi band gsm smart phone is a must for the business folks .
maybe the voice collected by the headset is too weak !
hell , even the recorded lady on the voicemail was like this thing sucks !
after trying out the plantronics discovery 925 ( which is very comparable to the jb prime ) i would definitely recommend the jb prime .
a very good high quality usb hub .
second had the same cracking noise .
portable charger for iphone when you are away from your computer .
this was a great oem replacement battery .
perfect size to store and protect my new bluetooth headset .
this headset performs exceptionally well for such a light device .
it seems the dedicated car chargers ( with no usb port ) seem to charger much faster .
holds tight to waist belt with simple spring clip .
loaded the phone book , into outlook express .
for calls , the left headphone becomes the ear piece and the right doubles as the mic .
bought this curvyman cord for use with with wrapping my iphone headphones .
the charge delivered is only about 50 60 of rated capacity .
the problem is you can push an earphone plug too far into the female receptacle of the 3 . 5mm adapter that the contacts do n 't meet .
my dvm measured 4 . 99 v loaded at 600 ma and 5 . 01 volts unloaded so i am pleased as punch .
anyway , the same headset worked fine in a motorola droid razr with a built in 3 . 5mm jack .
the raised edges protect the screens from falls .
luckily , the second holder is more of a multi smartphone holder that can handle almost any smartphone .
it 's perfect for my iphone 5 , 4g hot spot , and ipad .
whereas , front end of the holder rotate 360 degree .
it gets 5 stars for the high quality price ratio .
this one sits on my ear and is out of the way . after 2 years of use , the silicone part around the earpiece that seals the earpiece to your ear has come away from from the plastic .
i also have a folded up micro fiber cleaning cloth , cash , and a fold up stand slipped into the card slot .
i recommend this to anyone looking for a mini to micro usb adapter .
probably the newer style usb chargers with the pins soldered together so that it will charge like a wall charger , not slow speed trickle usb charger .
cable works fine with my verizon galaxy s4 , it charges and transmit the data fine . however , connector tip ( phone side ) is too thick , it wo n 't fit if you use aftermarket cases .
the fibermesh fabric tip is the winning feature .
the wall charger shipped with the galaxy s ii works great .
this is a high quality product at a very 34 ; value friendly 34 ; price .
ear pieces for voyager worked great .
i had an older belkin cigarette lighter adapter that had 2 cig plugs and 1 usb that took a recent dump .
it looks and sounds good otherwise , and works with computer bluetooth adaptors provided that you have software driver support for high quality bluetooth audio ( a2dp ) . it 's a pity .
the microphone on the headset is overly sensitive .
plugs in , lights up red when drawing juice . . .
bought this as a line in cable for my in dash stereo from my cell phone .
the case has a matte like black finish which has a soft , silky feeling in your hand .
it packs up quickly with my other iphone and ipad cords , nothing bulky to pack .
then drilled a hole through the frame of the plastic vent located on the outside wall near the peak of the roof , ran the coax cable through it and liberally caulked the hole around the cable with white silicone sealant .
i have owned now 2 bb brand headsets and both failed ( one side stops working ) . i have now replaced it withaltec lansing uhp326 backbeat series in ear headphone with ultimate ears technology .
cut to size , remove bottom layer , apply to phone , squeegee out air bubbles , then remove top layer .
this is my second bt ear set .
it came very fast from accessory one .
i am able to keep not just my bluetooth with the ear hook in it ( blue ant t1 ) but also a set of wired earphones , the directions for my bluetooth , two bus tokens , a lanyard , and extra bluetooth ear covers .
it is exactly an oem product . the seller eforcity shipped out same day , item arrived in perfect condition .
its nice black leather with a magnet closer that actually works .
whoever thought a blue flashing light on your ear was stylish should get a lobotomy . i give up on bluetooth .
this is a very small unit the piece that fits in the ear is rather large .
charging to full battery is pretty fast .
i do not recommend using this vendor ( the oem shop ) .
switching between music and phone function is simple .
the blue ant sent was not in its retail package .
these work great , when they work .
simplicity is a designvalue and this device shows that .
i guess its the namebrand jawbone stuff .
no echo whatsoever , though . inbound sound quality b , volume is beyond plentiful .
i think i prefer these to my more expensiveplatronics 590headset . i am experiencing high quality stereo ( a2dp ) audio streaming , syncing with my desktop computer usingtargus usb bluetooth adapter class 2 acb10usfor mp3 music listening and with my smartphonenokia n95 unlocked cell phone with 5 mp camera , 3g , wi fi , gps , mp3 video player , microsd slot u . s .
if you have a outter box defender case this will not fit i had to modify mine with a drimel
speakerphone sound quality is only marginal . the main selling point of the phone is its sliding and its thinness .
it is also very bulky behind my ear and , with glasses on , gets quite uncomfortable quickly . also , the small rubber like connector section between the main battery and electronics section ( behind the ear ) and the boom is very prone to breaking .
mixing clear and frosted materials looks really cool .
does not have the need amps to charge things like ipads , or hp touchpads .
good price , well build device , comes with a little cloth drawstring bag for carrying around in your laptop bag , purse or backpack .
the electronic parts worked fine ; it sync 'd fine and sounded alright .
charger is a small flip prong type and reasonable at 2 hours to charge .
and its of a cheaper quality than the part of the charger that the micro usb plugs into . . .
the iphone 5 version of the hector case fits a naked iphone 5 perfectly and is a much more compact case with the exact same design elements , materials , and construction .
can voice command my smartphone from my earpiece .
also , you do not get the lightening bolt on the battery icon to indicate that it is charging .
i bought the logitech mobile freedom headset ( 980228 0403 ) for use with voip on my hp zt3000 windows xp sp2 notebook .
i have iphone 3gs in outerbox protective case .
looks to be original oem motoralla issue .
i bought this for a work phone for voice , sms , data and wi fi .
it came with a key fab and lil slip noose to secure to whatever able attach to key chain or case .
good quality insulation to protect the wires .
works great and fast to recharge .
it is the ideal resting place for your palm pre 2 .
the gn2 now fits in the case much better .
these appear to be authentic htc oem batteries not 3rd party batteries and seem to be of high quality .
this worked fine until i got the 1 . 5 cupcake update to my g1 phone .
this antenna works so well with the wilsonsleek signal booster .
kind of defeats the purpose of stereoheadphones .
measure the electical eneryg consumption of anything that operates from an outlet and then know how much it costs for the fridge or whatever .
it will only work in a phone with a 2 . 5mm jack .
the protective bumpers on the corners stick out just enough to deter any corner damage .
product works well with my charms .
it will then say registering handset ) after following the instructions , it still would n 't pair .
it 's a gorgeous cerulean blue , and the cover is smooth , but i 'm not so sure about the 34 ; matte 34 ; description , it looks fairly shiny to me .
wilson electronics sleek cell phone signal booster for single useri use it in the house with the wilsonsleek signal booster . . the product does n 't slip or fall holding the signal booster .
the jack 's housing fits passes left right audio channels but i ca n 't control a fully functional in line controls of my monster isport victory in ear earphones .
it 's sturdy , very well made , and fits perfectly around the camera , volume , mute , and charger areas .
i like the ring of blue that indicates it is operating .
it 's very weak and very easy to snap one of the components ( like the end off the power tip ) if even slight pressure is applied .
there is an htc 4 1 adapter that lets you charge and listen to music at the same time .
after 8 months , the wire is now completely detached from one of the plug ends .
the one positive thing i can say is that despite my expectations , the thin piece of plastic over the front of the bottom piece has n 't snapped . . . yet .
i have not found a single one my my rechargable electronics for which there is no callpod adapter .
the deluxe smartclip 's light is difficult to use and very dim .
you do have to use their phone ( moto x $ 299 or moto g $ 149_ because they need republic 's proprietary software to work .
i love that it 's not thick and fat like the clam shell style cases .
i even use a second one at home with my 5 . 8 ghz cordless phones and a bta ii scala bluetooth adapter .
it paired easily with my treo .
the suction cup sticks well to the window .
the phone fits perfectly , and is easy to slide in and out .
manual states to push the power button until green light comes on .
it was fussy with the pixi plus .
then the long mediabridge high speed usb 2 . 0 a male to micro b cable 6 feet ( also amazon ) that is amazing quality , just increadibly long !
does it charge your smartphone while playing pandora and using navigation ?
it rolls up nice but has a hissing sound in the background .
i liked the shape , model , for my s4 with zerolemon super battery .
i drive an 18wheeler and this headset captures too much background noise .
it could be apple 's bluetooth drivers causing this .
it recharges quickly and the price was right .
the fit is great , its comes with 3 in ear rubber size pieces , and 3 ear loop sizes .
the battery came in just a plastic sleeve , but is definitely a new nokia oem battery with the official hologram .
blue light not too bright or anything . .
this is oem and not third party after market .
wish i could find a retracting reliable ( short is ok ) gold plated cable .
i ordered the horizontal leather iphone case indicated here .
my nexus 5 recognizes this charger as an ac source .
this is my second bluetooth headset .
works great for my samsung gsg2 for both data and power and samsung bluetooth headset charging .
after almost 3 years of excellent service my voyager pro broke at the junction of the ear piece and the over the ear battery .
tv radio cell everything .
genuine motorola chargers are worth the little extra they cost .
it 's reliable , very clear on both ends , and recharges quickly .
a screen overlay and microfiber wipe comes with the case which is a nice added touch .
very convenient easy to place , the length of your cable allows good mobility of the device when it is connected .
i purchased this to work with the motorola p790 charger to charge my htc evo 3d .
ear loops not the most comfortable so i have ordered the behind the head neckband ( plantronics 64397 01 neckband for cs50 m3000 ) ( waiting for delivery ) . highly recommended headset regardless !
unfortunately one side of the splitter does n 't work .
the small tabs on the black half are very fragile and broke off after a couple of case removals .
tight fit but it works )
first off , keep in mind this is a 1000mah pocket charger .
not sure if it really works charging other usb things though .
the good the headset pairs well with the iphone 3g and 3g s .
the blue holographic light is kind of cool to
i use it primarily with a music link stereo hearing aid compatible headset ( http www . amazon . com music link stereo hearing compatible headset dp b0030c3ify ref sr_1_109 ? ie utf8 qid ; 1394029299 sr ; 8 109 keywords ; t coil loop ) . since i already have a t coil bluetooth loop that works for handsfree driving and the like , i wanted something that would allow my use in the gym .
it even works great to attach my work badge too . the music sounds great .
a simple , well finished , small block of solid aluminum .
easy activation and at t 3g sim internet is great .
these versatile chargers work well with my optimus v but also charge other micro usb port phones .
for me , these are just fine and pick up the tones quite nicely . ratings ( 1 low , 5 highest ) comfort 4loudness 4cost 4ease of connection 5fit 5sound 4i pad $ 40 on amazon , and they are good for workouts and running since they have no wires and they stay in place .
charges perfectly as ac with the samsung wall charger that came with the phone and in my truck perfectly as ac with my griffin powerjolt dual universal usb micro . great price and super fast shipping .
i would recomend the rocket fish headset over these .
i also have a motorola headset , and chatting with other gamers online was difficult .
i do like the velcro closure of the flap .
pros the imp52d is a convenient sized charger that includes an led light and a red laser light and a cloth bag to carry it and a usb cable .
also , many phones include a feature that allows the mic to ignore heavy backround noise .
i streamed music from my tilt2 phone by bluetooth and from a creative zen player via the cord .
but like any iphone '30 pin' attachment , the sound is countrolled by the iphone ipod , so it really is n 't nokia 's headphone 's fault .
my iphone 4 with the standard apple bumper fits very well in the multiple smartphone holder .
the sound was better than average for running headphones , although used with motorola actv watch it cuts out on the backswing during the run .
gives grate stability to the slippery side of the phone and allows for one handed function .
portable charging station is cool car charger included also cool .
and the off on operation is great !
the cover is a stretchy silicon that offers little , if any , impact protection .
it looks great , fits the phone perfectly , and really allows the design of the i5 to speak for itself .
i have a samsung s2 with an outter box case .
it works very well with google voice , voice memo , and skype on my ipod .
the part behind the earpiece , that rides on the cartilage of my ear has some very nice sharp , pointy corners that get painful after a couple of minutes .
they are not the same as a bose over the ear wired headset but they do cost 1 6 the price . * construction seems fine .
case is just silicone and stretches over phone easily .
the pogo stylus is an ultra light aluminum stylus with a soft tip that allows electrical charges to transfer from your hand to the screen .
it works for power up power down .
i needed a self powered usb 2 hub for my imac , and selected the cyberpower . it works as advertised and comes with its own plug in power supply .
the lg oem replacement battery for the chocolate 3 phone is the perfect replacement .
perhaps a softer ( rubberized ? ) padding around the plastic band would have helped . the audio call control buttons are placed intuitively .
they come with a very thivk cleaning cloth and some wet and dry cleaning wipes .
i purchased the automobile version of the charger for travel .
callers said i sound better than my phone 's microphone ( galaxy nexus ) . button for answering ending calls is small and unobtrusive ( check out the google play store for apps that allow you to customize the control of the button ) magnets keep earpieces together .
for one , the clip attached to the barrel is poorly designed , and difficult to clip to your shirt pocket .
for drawing , the pogo sketch beats all .
maintains the slim fit and feel of the s4 , but now much easier to pick up and hold .
the blackberry charging adaptor pod is a high quality product and works fine .
product is shipped in bubble wrap bag and not damaged in shipping .
after sticking 2gb of memory stick pro duo in to the phone , i was up and running in no time flat .
output 5 . 5v 500mai 've purchased other $ 3 chargers before , and the quality of this $ 3 charger is much better than other $ 3 chargers out there .
judging from the thickness of the dzitronic case cover . .
fantastic value for an apparently oem battery .
my portable voice transporter was free to roam with a stretchable leash and rejuvenated energy pack .
hooking up to my bluetooth music player cellphone was quick and easy .
finally , the blinking blue light on you temple makes you look like a robot ! recommendation this is an ok first small cheap bt headset .
understand that the recieving antenna for the cell phone and the transmitting antenna for the cell tower by neccessity use the same frequency ( the cell phone frequencies ) . i will also add that i have used a verizon signal and an at t ; signal at the same time and it worked beautifully .
cannot get audio out from the 3 . 5 connection .
this skin covers the phone nice .
additionally , i also use apple 's wireless bluetooth keyboard with my ipad .
allows easy sliding in out of pocket and leather holster .
i installed one of the motorola higher end bluetooth car kit in one of our cars .
i personally think the black edition razr phone looks really cool , better than the regular silver version .
first of all , the charger never fit my n73 phone slot .
the only issue i have with it is that the button to turn on charging laser flashlight is just one button .
i have a wired plantronics headset i love to death and did n 't think that a wireless headset could compare .
the retractible feature makes for easy storage .
the blue led at the top is unnecessary to indicate power as there are the other green leds for each port .
the unit is well made , folds up into a very small space , and has a black plastic color which compliments the pre .
they 're great for tightening eyeglass screws or opening up the cases of small electronic devices . this is a nice set .
i needed a 5 volt dc power supply that could be powered from a 12 volt battery or other 12 v dc power source .
data transfers and usb charging function as expected .
they really do work , and they do deliver 2 . 1 and 1 . 0 power as they say they will do .
the only downside is recharging through a usb .
it looks strange stuck to the side of the phone , but we have an older starpluss sts system that needs the handset lifted for a wireless headset to work properly .
i like the fact that the battery pack charges by microusb .
my second one was blue harbor case .
on the recommendations of a few reviewers , i tried these gels for my jawbone headset .
tried motorola web site , there is no driver download for this phone .
micro versus mini usb is the warning here .
not durable enough for cell phone use .
it had two male usb ports of one end and a one female port on the other .
easy to setup for different language use .
after putting myplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset with multipoint technologythrough our washing machine , i thought i 'd purchase a cheap $ 20 replacement .
it snaps on off the holster fairly easily and stays on in place .
no streaming audio on this thing ?
the button that is at the end of the supplied charger that comes with the bluetooth earset snaps into this circular ring .
they hold his phone and garage door opener with ease .
this charger splits the total 1 amp output between the two usb ports .
they said i was easy to hear and no background noise came through . the headset is easy to operate , with an on off button , and volume up and down buttons .
the outside screen was easier to install than the inside screen .
then i found that the pattgern easly rubbs of in your pockets !
it 's incredibly easy to pair with your phone set up .
a broken solder joint inside the plug was the issue .
the imp70d features great user friendly packaging no sealed blister pack to cut through to access the charger when new .
i am working with plantronics' warranty department , but they need a date code , which is unreadable without a magnifying glass .
fits the iphone 4s with bumper case perfectly .
fits in the ear much tighter and sounds much louder than the standard headset .
the 640 has no windguard , no noice cancelling tech , and the talk time is short .
fits my note 3 with zerolemon battery and case nicely .
obscures the apple logo on the back of iphone .
this wireless charger works with the palm equiped devices , this does n 't work with qi standard devices .
the black ring has come apart from the clear back .
the sound quality of the incoming calls is slightly better with the discovery 925 than the blueant .
this iphone case snaps on pretty easily and looks pretty good on the phone .
the suction cup one the device is the problem . . .
it comes with 4 slotted and 2 philips style in a variety of sizes .
nice no scratch interior and smooth , durable synthetic exterior material and stitching .
very difficult to apply to screen .
great spare charger for my motorcycle .
the absolute best cell phone protection case made as far as we are concerned .
if you want a quality precision set of drivers .
surprisingly , the main body that houses all the heavy gear ( battery and electronics ) is almost unnoticeable .
into the silverware drawer , between the stove and cupboard , and onto the floor .
i have a portable charger and the cord extends the flexibility .
solid bluetooth headset , particularly considering the price .
this one came in broken the bottom pice snaps on to the sides and the main backing is a inlay piece .
it 's positives are that it holds charge for long , it 's ability to go to sleep and wakeup on the car door closure are great .
some type of fake leather wrapped around some thin cardboard .
this is difficult to distinguish between mute on the headset and power off .
very strong and durable cell phone straps .
este es un muy buen producto para el carro .
had to exchange for large office and omni directional antenna .
great phone case for the galaxy 4 with the thick otterbox protective case !
they came in a small clear zip bag , within a large shipping envelope .
i also ordered a matching casecrown ipad glider case which i will be reviewing shortly ! a
bluetooth keyboard for ipad mini , usb dual car charger and this external battery .
to use with my xbox 360 controllers .
also the 34 ; grab 34 ; adjusts on its own according to the width of the phone itself . simply perfect !
apple iphone 3g textured leather horizontal carrying case . i think it is very nice but a lot thicker than i had hoped for .
for a phone , the full body sound from its stereo speakers was amazing !
it does not really work with ipod 2g .
i used my site access card with rfid transmitter .
the cable seems thicker , and it has an energy star rating sticker .
the length of the charger is more than sufficient .
this adapter looks like a cassette with a wire coming out of the end .
then buy pre paid recharge cards as needed ; not high priced .
the m symbol in the middle lights when plugged in .
on the first charge when i unplugged the usb part of the charger , the plastic piece on the usb piece came right off .
this pouch is exactly what i needed to protect my bluetooth headset .
i received my samsung charger today from the oem shop .
the pro feels great and the smallest ear rubber piece works great for my ears .
it also has a micro usb out for charging things like your bluetooth headset .
the freedom of not being wired to the phone headset base it great .
the jack where you plug in your handset cable is very difficult to access .
i do n 't think they are as comfortable as my rf mab2 bluetooth stereo headset .
sounds quality only the right earpiece is equipped with base .
i 'll still use the pen for point and click stuff .
it looks and works as advertised .
the stripes on the sides make it easier to hold onto .
now using jawbone with better sound results .
i switched some of the rings out for tiny key chain rings .
the jabra earpiece has better deep rich sound .
i have charged samsung phones , nexus tablets , motorola blue tooth heads , lg blue tooth headsets and many more .
this was being upsold along with slime comp02 12 volt tire inflator but never worked with it
it works perfectly and is built as solidly as the $ 20 verizon charger .
there are higher quality protectors available , like the 'screen devil' , which also comes in matte , but you pay a real premium for that quality .
the speaker 's maximum volume is just completely unacceptable .
buttons on the headset are quite convenient as well .
i ordered these with some nice cases8 x textured silicone skin case cover 2 x tpu rubber case compatible with iphone 3g s 3gs ( 10 packs case combo ) and they all arrived in one bag .
when a tape player 's skip mode is active , it listens for silent portions of the tape .
works great on lenovo k1 , nexus 7 , skyrocket 2 . glides on the screen very easily and allows you to make a fine line or thick line when writing .
it converts to an 34 ; ear hook 34 ; type also , but i do n 't find that very useful .
this is a really nice wireless headset .
i just love this bluetooth headset .
when mounted , the upper piece ( which holds your phone ) swings up , or down to customize your ideal view . the entire base is essentially a ribbed knob , just above the suction cup .
incipio cover fits like a glove , but obscures the apple logogood case , nice rubber type feeling .
the plantonics 925 felt like i had a rock in my ear .
i run it with bb curve , the next previous track and pause play work , the fast forward and rewind function does not .
a powercube came with my powermat .
my phone ( htc g2 ) and the blue tooth adapter i boughtiogear usb 2 . 1 bluetooth micro adapter gbu421work awesome .
the first 1 8 34 ; ) had broken off inside my computer audio port .
the second method is the tried and true press each button for each letter method .
great sim card and great customer service from amazon .
the adjustable arm used to clamp your phone has a major weak spot .
it was a pain to connect earbuds to mp3 player because the lights on the earbuds were not doing what the instructions were saying .
the small size of theitorch means you can actually use these two features without the clunkyfeel of other external batteries .
the second , third and fourth led 's lit up .
i went to an over the head headset by jensen , and am very pleased !
best little car charger device i have seen and used !
shaped like a river stone , it 's attired in basic black is nicely accessorized by a shiny metal hinge .
that main body of the case holds my iphone ( which has an added snap on case ) securely , neither too tight nor too loose .
pro 7000mah charger can easily charge any smartphone as well as act as an emergency charge for tablets ( ipad ) . embedded charging cable very convenient for recharging the pack !
it 's a magnet type snap instead of velcro or snapping a button so that 's pretty cool .
one of the best iphone belt cases on the market s s s s s s s s s ss
i like the wrap around fit ( walkman style headphones look dorky wrap around is better ) . although . .
an unlimited call and text plan is $ 10 a month , and unlimited cell , text and data is $ 25 a month .
the arm on this mount is way too long .
at 5200amh , it 's half the size of newtrent 's full sized chargers .
interesting packaging with the motorola logo lit with a blue led .
i do not like the piece with the blackberry logo on it .
the touchstone kit allows you to charge the palm pre without the annoying process of removing the micro usb cover to insert the micro usb charging cable into the phone . the kit comes with the phone back panel and one dock ( hockey puck ) . the dock has a reusable sticky surface on the bottom to hold it firmly onto your desk . you connect the dock to ac power via a micro usb cable .
i was originally using awilson electronics 801245 soho ag 60 adjustable gain cell phone signal boosterwith awide band directional antenna 700 2700 mhzantenna mounted 30 feet in the air pointed directly at the tower . . . . this antenna allowed me to replicate the signal strength on the dinky mobile pro .
a summary pros paired very easily call quality coming in and going out is excellent and works well with voice dialing ( and voice commands on my iphone ) . great for listening to podcasts just using the single headset ( without extra earpiece ) since they are already monaural . good for listening to music with the second earpiece attached . controls my phone and ipod functions very well .
without the booster i get an unreliable 1 to 2 bars of service and little or no data use .
would not transfer data or charge my phone battery .
and i 'm not talking bass head low end .
allows u to charge micro usb device ( like motorola bluetooth headsets h710 and h721 ) with a mini usb charger ( old razor charger or tmobile dash chatight fit onto charger make it more difficult than it should to swap out going between devices .
this is the perfect size portable charger !
it charges a palm pre quickly , and has an integrated micro usb adapter .
it will only supply a charge and no data synce ability .
really like the yellow color and textured feel .
i now have a voip connected wireless headset that allows me mobile freedom .
my report card design a , very simple and lightweight design .
the imp52d ( itorch ) is a very sleek cool looking back up power source for my iphone .
the biggest selling point should be it 's ability to play music , podcasts and also streaming audio off the internet .
ibought invisible shield for the back of my iphone 3g .
just good for listening to music
i am able to use the logitech wired headphones with this adapter for both stereo sound and microphone ( for ip telephony and normal iphone calls ) . excellent product and great price too .
the 34 ; magnet 34 ; to close lasted a day .
we bought the plantronics hl10 handset lifter to go with ourplantronics cs 55 dect 6 . 0 digital wireless office headsetand have been very pleased with both devices .
and the voice that announces the mute on off is clear . battery life is incredible .
the semigloss finish decreases the excessive glare of the native screen . application is somewhat awkward since you apply a nonstick spray to the adhesive side and your fingers to minimize fingerprints .
while they are very good earphones , the shure 's may be better .
high quality cable but plug do n 't fit iphone with otterbox case
fits phone securely , looks great , and easy to snap on and remove .
it comes with a plastic applicator .
i use it to stream pandora google music and make calls .
that means you 've got three ways to charge the jabra extreme bluetooth headset that come free with the purchase of the headset !
these bluetooth earphones are a good value for the price .
this battery has 2200mah and fit perfectly .
my charger came in bulk packaging .
as others have noted plastic smoother not included but credit card works fine .
service , delivery , pricing product work great .
the blue is nice and true to on line image .
the phone clip part works well .
it has a nice ammount of bass , wonderful for music .
the gps takes awhile to find satellites , but then works very well with spoken turn by turn directions that equal my garmin .
it worked well and fit the phone good .
shipping likely cost more than the case !
mini remote on bose headphone ( probably others too ) and microphone ( talking on the phone ) also work with this extender .
the outer surface prevents slipping around when set on smooth surfaces , like an auto console .
i did not like how the tablet case with keyboard had the wire for the keyboard sticking out of the case .
overall , these are a decent and affordable bluetooth headset with stereo sound and the ability to pair to multiple devices .
i purchased this one after being fooled into buying a verizon knockoff charger .
i use the eneloop rechargeable batteries so i can recharge them after i use them . the other reviewer does not understand that his cell phone battery can store more energy than 2aa batteries .
this antenna will not work with the virgin mobile wifi , even though it says it will work with all cellular networks .
a little duct tape or heat shrink tubing at the connector might not look pretty but should keep the wire from stressing .
great headset , solid build quality and blocks out the wind .
i got this case screen proctector combo when i got my samsung impression phone .
tactile grip is easy to distinguish orientation for insertion in the dark .
plastic and its faux leather is the thickness of a dollar store condom .
they immediatelyemailed me a ups shipping label and directions .
this works great . pros you can watch movies from netflix , youtube , quicktime , tv . com or any other movie player or video app from your iphone to your tv .
the detachable cable option gives very good flexibility for use with other usb cable chargers .
i like the retractable to save space and prevent clutter .
hard , easy to use and give all smart phone facilities .
front window is too far at the end .
it 's an headache to open that compartment for the sims card .
because when you stream bt audio you can use your appspandora , slacker , etc .
the only downfall is the distant between iphone and headset is way less than advertised .
it was in an at t branded box but the cable was made by belkin .
but likewrigley 's 5 stick doublemint gum 40 packs , it 's two , two . . . two devices in one .
since purchasing this , i now have a whole house monitoring system ( ted 5000 ) and love it .
these are over the ear which she enjoys more .
still , it is better than using the cell phone itself next to your ear . pairing with cell phone is very easy and the animated guides at blueant 's web site are very helpful .
when listening to music , the headphones have a bright blue light that flashes constantly to indicate that there is a bluetooth connection .
other surface of this flat clip has contacts that touch the charging suface facilitating charging of the device . tips one end of the tip goes into your device and the other end contacts the power clip .
love these small and light sony hbh is800 bluetooth earbuds .
the tangling of the headset wire with itself and my mp3 headphones gets rather annoying .
if you want a performance improvement , consider one of the wilson cellular repeaters instead .
nice phone cover for the 3g iphone .
i got it so i could plug the slime comp02 12 volt tire inflator in a wall socket but eventhough the little diode lights up it does n 't power the inflator ! ? not recommended .
i love that the circle with the motorola emblem glows blue when it is plugged into the charger .
the finger print scanner on the s5 is very hard to use this otterbox .
the push button release ( on the arm ) to let you make adjustments is good , but adjustments are made on a gear type mechanism that makes fine adjustments difficult .
this case is very soft glove leather .
this stylus is supposed to work on all capacitive touch screens .
the little window in the middle has a nice blue glow to it .
his and the white version of wireless headphone for ipod is being clearanced elsewhere for a good reason .
beautiful base that 's almost as good as my philips surround sound in ear buds .
this is a snap together clear plastic case .
if you think you could handle not a facsimile but oscar peterson 's piano , ray brown 's bass , and bobby durham 's drum kit or joey defrancesco 's hammond b3 transplanted into your listening space , the eq7 is the real sleeper among all portable personal speakers .
it was very easy to set up connect to mysamsung rant .
love the felt inside , phone slides in really smoothly .
most smartphones are 3 . 5mm ( like standard headphones ) .
i 'm comparing it to an amazon basics rubber tipped stylus .
manufactured by rim and shipped in non retail packaging , this is a great travel charger at a great price .
this is a good inexpensive bluetooth headset .
on the back is a metal clamp to clip onto your belt or such .
i exchanged it for new trent igeek imp99d nt99d 9900mah because that charges 5 times .
i will likely stick with the green onions line of protectors until power support lowers their costs and or green onions raises theirs .
food ) gets stuck around the home button .
this is a nice case however , there is no protection for the front of the iphone .
good stereo sound from this headset .
the barrel is a satin finish anodized aluminum that is the same diameter as most pens ( my frame of reference is the bic plastic barrel hotel pens ) . the stylus is a little shorter than those standard pens . the tip is really satisfying .
when i try skype 's test call , i can hear the lady speak , but skype cannot hear me speak . on my windows xp laptop , i can connect the 590 's as 'stereo headphones' or as a 'hands free headset with microphone' . after connecting as a headset , i hear odd beeps about every 5 seconds .
i use them constantly for handsfree , listening to music podcasts on phone , and watching video on pc .
the battery 's shelf life is all about the constantly decaying lithium ion chemistry inside the cells .
it fits well , even with a third party wireless charging card inside the battery compartment .
this headset is not the most comfortable because of the large body behind the ear but i can live with this for perfect preformance on hearing and being heard well .
the controls on the headphone is easy to control .
this sleek pack fits nicely in a pocket and provides 10w support for tablets as well as 5w support for phones .
this is an official blackberry oem car charger .
this one features several very tiny standard and phillips head screwdrivers .
it will keep nosey people out of your businesshigh quality privacy screen protector verizon blackberry tour 9630 sprint
the plantronics headset is the most comfortable headset i 've ever owned , and i will always buy plantronics .
it is very small and lightweight for the 5000 mah ( miliamp ) charge capacity it carries , and is not excessively bulky or weighty in a pocket , backpack , etc .
inner rubber shell molds over the bb , with raised nubs that make it almost easier control keys than without the shell .
the little clasp at the top jingles a bit but it can be removed .
find the cheap luxmo 1 amp charger .
this case is best at protecting the face and back of the phone .
cell phone went from 2 bars to 4 bars for both voice and 3g data ( verizon ) . laptop verizon aircard went from about 500 kbps to 1000 kbps download speeds .
the separate output ports for both lower power devices and higher power tablets also is a great touch .
smartphones use batteries like mad compared to the phones of yesteryear , and this charger will do both my 10 . 2 wh battery and my 6 wh slim batteries .
i plan to get the sony ericsson bluetooth ear buds . . .
the comparitive in the ear model made by motorola can be quite uncomfortable for those with a large head .
it is not the wimpy . 5 amp charger .
ccmaccessories' price was less than 1 5th what verizon charges ; even with shipping , it cost less than half the verizon price .
one for the palm centro from sprint and the lg rumor from sprint also .
heavy duty extra large vertical smart phone case pouch holster with . . . gcp fits perfect with my cell phone
thanks to its 400mhz processor , the phone 's capable of many tasks .
it just will not swivel far enough away
it is mostly noise free in public use .
i suspect the reason is that the specific amperage coming from the transformer is required to let the magneto electric field in the dock work properly .
unlike most of the rechargeable battery cases , powerbear lasts up to 2 whole days .
the motorola s9 hd are superior to other behind the ear format bt headphones because the weight is not on your ears , the bulk of the device floats behind your neck .
no trae memoria ni manos libres
the best bluetooth ear pieces out there are the plantronics voyager 510 and the plantronics voyager pro .
the bass response on both hd mode and non hd mode is amazing .
the phone still works excellent as a data and texting device .
very easy to snap on and off .
the mic has an answer hang up button .
thecombination hard and soft ( circles ) back is very nice , and the corner proteciton is great .
i use the maxipedtion phone holster on a duty belt and works perfectly .
the magnetic clasp erased her room card and credit card .
works great for tapping the keyboard keys accurately .
see how that apple symbol on the back of the phone lines up nice and flush with the back ?
the corners have small , raised bumpers to absorb impact .
maxpedition 's metal clip , on the other hand , is the best solution . . .
like the 'flip open the mike to turn it on' feature . cons i have trouble hearing people when there 's a lot of ambient noise due to the lack of an earbud that goes in the ear .
it has a nice look and feel .
there is a link to an accessory site in the manual .
i love these phone case opening tools .
i had purchased a marware ceo premiere case ( with the magnetic latch ) direct from marware 6 months ago .
i originally bought cheap cig lighter to usb adapters , but one of them popped a fuse on the astro .
it functions identically to a regular keyboard even with the short commands for cut , copy and paste .
using a data cable ( pick up a cheapie on ebay ) it functions flawlessly with isync for ical and address book .
the way it channeled sound into the ear worked very well . pros * has a mute function .
however , the note 2 's sides are fairly slippery , which makes it difficult to pull out of the pouch at times .
this case has a perfect snug fit .
there are two stickers , one on the the protective screen and one on the backing .
the tenqa hp 109 are nice stereo bluetooth headphones for the price .
he used it for his exercise and running program .
first , it needs a backlighted display to make reading easier .
it has allowed me to use 2 . 5mm jack headsets with the blackberry which has a 3 . 5mm jack .
quality will depend on fm reception quality .
this case is great quality and nice grey color .
i love the compact design and fit of the ear rest .
very attractive and easy to use charging stand for the blackberry curve .
this review is for the iphone 5 battery and tool set .
the ht820 by motorola delivers wired quality sound ( when in a2dp mode ) in a wireless format .
one , the piece of plastic inside the usb port is black , not white as in the picture .
it worked great until the end of the cable fell apart .
it sticks very securely to the magnetic attachment for the visor .
i cannot compare to the higher rated lt ; life batteries .
the ac wall adapter does not have the removable piece to replace with foreign adapters .
the marware ceo interior is a dark grey felt and this one has a tan leather ( same texture as outside ) interior . my 3g is in a griffin shell style case and fits snugly in this case with a little room to spare .
this is a great product if you want wired small earbuds which sound real nice with your ipod and works great with 3 . 5mm jack cell phones !
it 's called the procable shortz audio extender .
buy a neopreen otterbox or an 34 ; in case 34 ; that is similarly designed but better built .
also the cord to charge the imp500 has a double use then to charge my ipod touch .
the black casing around with solid border provides good grip to hold the phone .
it works with my amazon case .
this is the perfect bluetooth headset .
the included case is just a pouch with two mesh pockets .
the top and bottom of the case is not rounded .
it is beautiful , great tactile feel and the garnet red is gorgeous .
the case allows you to use headphones to listen to music without taking the phone from the case nice convenience feature .
i ordered this directly from amazon and received it quickly using the 'super saver shipping' option .
on the stylus side there is a small key ring where the lanyards attach .
the ionic guardian case for the iphone 5 is aptly named .
exactly the same charger but without the big in store price mark up
need a different connector from arm to cradle .
tonal quality is fine on the stock stereos in my cars .
over time , the droid razr can be removed easily .
i do not think it could protect my phone for anything above 4 feet . i would definitely go for the ionicionic guardian armor case for lg google nexus 4 ( black ) or the ballisticballistic sg1098 m005 agf sg series case for lg e960 nexus 4 1 pack retail packaging blackcase instead ( i just ordered the ballistic ) . the grips on the case are not very grippy at all .
the coloring on the upper portion of the case has started to peel or scratch off .
version with warranty ( silver ) . razr v3 is old technology and it still works .
i previously owned an otterbox defender case for iphone 3gs .
compare vendors shipping charges as well as the unit price for your best purchase price .
the internal component of the case is lined to protect the case from scratches .
full 1 amps of power that your in wall charger gets .
i use rechargeable nimh aaa 's , and they just last a really long time with this unit .
the actual flexing plastic part seems fairly durable , so i 'm not worried about breakage . the package comes with a mini usb wall charger , a mini usb to usb cable an extra set of foam ear pads , a bag for your headset and the headset itself of course .
i contacted plantronics' quick web service and they 2nd day fedex'ed a warranty replacement with no further questions .
worked well for charging any syncing .
i 'm still searching for an 34 ; in ear 34 ; model that works .
it provides an excellent interchangeable charging system .
nothing fancy about this charger just a basic car charger for the iphone .
first , the white screen of death issue .
apparently it depends on the case . i have anifrogz luxe case for iphone 3g , 3g s ( blue , black ) , which works fine with the stand .
i typically get 2 2 . 5 charges for my iphone 5s .
i ordered this oem motorola battery from hollycell through amazon .
between the end of the cable , the power tip , and the connection to the battery , there is a fairly long , rigid chain of stuff . . .
the built in boom slides forward and provides excellent out audio for the receiver .
i purchased this antenna to boost my verizon 3g broadband device while inside my rv .
same color light as my car 's dashboard .
spend another dollar and get a better cable . blackberry usb datasync and charging cable with micro usb for blackberry 8900 , 9500 , and 8220
this case is a good medium level protection case .
the driver for this device completely broke my treo 650 , fortunately i have sprint 's insurance plan so i was able to get a replacement treo .
so , i bought the motorola razr v3 oem original usb data cable with motorola phone tools 4 . 0 software kit and threw away the cable ( no razr here . ) at 49 cents you ca n 't go wrong !
i have several microusb devices samsung infuse smartphone , bluetooth handless set , verizon lte 4g mifi , etc . that i use this charger to charge .
it fits snugly around the edges of the phone .
defectuoso de bateria defectuoso de bateria defectuoso de bateria defectuoso de bateria defectuoso de bateria defectuoso de bateria defectuoso de bateria defectuoso de bateria defectuoso de bateria , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
great factory replacement parts for plantronics plt 510 . ear cushions with o rings fit tight with no problems .
the verizon sales agent recommended it to me because they h700 had the same version of bluetooth .
great to see good quality oem stuff .
looks great fits into the dock just fine after you pull out the sleve .
my first one broke right at the bridge section of the headset where it rests on the ear .
the leather wrap on the belt clip has worn out .
i have an android based phone , so i had to buymotorola mini usb to micro usb charger adapterto go along with it .
there is a piece of plastic molding in front of it .
this is a unique camera case .
this makes the phone feel a lot wider in your hand than other slim cases . 3 ) is no protection for the bottom of the phone whatsoever .
great sound and music listening quality .
to my surprise and joy , this little adapter coupled with a relatively inexpensiveamazonbasics usb 2 . 0 a male to a female extension cable ( 3 . 3 feet 1 . 0 meter ) fully charged my minohd in about 90 minutes without any issues . by the way , those who market this device may sell more if the mention the clip compatibility .
i can even carry the discovery 975 's charging case on it .
it cam with 3 screen protectors and 3 screen cleaning cloths .
sound out of one ear only .
right out of the box it pared with the car 's system giving me complete voice control over placing answering calls and using the phone 's contacts list .
it 's a good headset but not for business use .
todo ha ido muy bien con mi compra , es tal cual como esta en la publicaci oacute ; n y todo ha ido muy bien , estoy complacida con el tel eacute ; fono !
it does n 't work at all with motorola giant talkabout frs gmrs cb 2 way radios having 2 . 5mm jacks .
to mute , simply hold one of the volume buttons until the unit beeps .
i like the blue light indicator of remaining charge , very clean looking .
silicone also has terrific water repellent properties . this case comes in a wide range of colors , something for every possible taste .
i own use a plantronics 925 , jawbone prime , and jawbone icon .
essentially you plug it in to your high speed internet , it broadcasts cell signal , and it routes out through internet .
a cfl rated at 9 watts actually only pulled 9 . 1 watts which is within specs tolerance .
and the number of adapters is great .
the plastic texture seems to be a scratch resistant plastic with matte finish .
the cool blue light on the charger is subtle but very sharp looking .
this is a beautiful smooth black leather holster with nice stitching .
be sure to use large industrial grade velcro .
this plantronics ct14 cordless headset phone works well and was remarkably easy to setup .
it is very easy to adjust on the windsheild .
after using the new trent enerpak usb chargeable 12000 mah heavy duty charger , i wanted something for the shorter trips and to top off my devices .
i bought this unit with the matching transmitter ( sony bluetooth wirleless transmitter for ipod ( black ) ) , and have been enjoying clear , reliable music ever since .
it has all samsung logo and upc code .
its a cell phone charger , it works .
this is because not only is there the two snap out clips but a third center locator prong .
it helped me get improved signal strength for cellular ( phone ) communications , but does nothing to improve my android phone 's 3g data signal or wifi data signal .
i found it to be the most high quality ( but expensive ) wireless headset for voip uses .
i have a boombox with a 1 8 34 ; ( 3 . 5 mm ) input for external audio sources which i wanted to use for my tablet computer and a couple of other portable devices .
the built in stand is a little unstable in the 'portrait' position , but works fine in the 'landscape' position .
specifically , the amps mounting plate square plastic piece with four holes in the corners is not in the box .
the clarity on phone calls is amazing ; the use as earphones for the mp3 section of the phone is nice , but not as clear as using noise canceling ear buds , but still pretty cool to have .
unusable at night since the nonstop , blinking blue light right at the edge of the driver 's field of vision is so annoying .
the length of the cord is a convenient length as well .
i just purchased the jawbone prime with noiseassassin .
this plantronics voyager 510 headset did n 't have any of these problems .
the sound is great for the price . my only complaint is the flashing blue light on the front of the speaker .
and internal rechargeable batteries do eventually die and have to be replaced .
i own construction buisness and a heating and air conditioning buis .
it holds the bluetooth and the extra hooks and earplugs .
it does not hang on your ear , it goes on the visor just like a garage door opener .
the headset loads into the charger like a knife into its sheath .
i compared its read outs with the manuals for two devices and confirmed the kill a watt 's accuracy . my surprising find was my 16 year old powered subwoofer .
when hitting a hard surface it will more likely bounce rather than crack like a hard plastic case .
i am using this cable to charge a bluetooth earpiece with any usb port available .
it charges up in a protective flip top box , so the headset does n 't have to plug directly into wall charger .
there is a low buzz in the ear .
charged two devices off of the 2a ipad usb port using a male y usb adapter two two female apple connector , and then used a single usb to android charge cable on the 1a usb port .
this is a usb wireless headset .
bottom is split and the piece above the dock connector has broken off .
this phone is a multitasking , 3d gaming champ .
one of the cables became loose after a year and the plastic casing on one side cracked .
this charger works better than the samsung ( oem ) car charger that i own and paid over $ 20 for .
tpu ( the plastic material where the case is made of ) virtually resists oil and dust .
quickdial , camera , online button , voicedialing all great .
the voice calling through the unit worked fine , even was able to use goog 411 voice prompts .
one cable has a matt rubberized finish on the usb connectors that matches the cable while the other one has a textured plastic finish on the plugs .
guess it has to do with the fit to the ear .
clearly sound on calls , long live battery and comfort ear hock .
use a bluetooth instead or get a new phone ( or cell providor )
first time i bought this to pair up with my jabra a210 bluetooth adapter .
this external battery for your mobile devices is great for having backup power when a wall outlet is not available .
just a big plastic thing hanging off the top of your ear rather than the in the ear school of thought .
it fit perfectly and clipped on effortlessly .
the body of the unit is fairly long and bulky , sticking much farther out of the dash than the verizon charger .
the dual mics definitely decrease the amount of background noise .
can stream live radio ( pandora ) while working out . works well even if you are sweating a lot working out . blocks external sounds .
it tells you what the attached appliance current wattage is as it should , plus the present voltage , amperage , and calculated energy costs .
the itorch runs rings around an innergie 3 , 000 mah battery pack i tried a year ago which costs substantially more with less charging power . well built and appears very durable .
good battery life and quick to recharge .
this is my 5th motorola bt earpiece .
not a super protective case it is a polyurethane plastic case that will add a little protection for your iphone 5c .
i use this to power a rca to hdmi converter for a roku 3 .
the back and flip portion of phone was a different blue from rest of phone .
cutouts for the ports mics camera stylus are placed perfectly and sized appropriately .
it stuck to the windshield well .
just weave the bottom of the clip on top of the 3rd strap .
the voice quality of blueant supertooth ii is better than my factory installed cadillac bluetooth phone .
i connected two portable external hard drives , one powered external hard drive , a printer , an external dvd rw drive , a mouse and a keyboard .
but i also was going to put a case cover for it jkase diablo series tough rugged dual layer protection case cover with build in stand for htc one m7 retail packaging ( black ) is my case cover . with the htc one inside the case cover and the entire thing inside the case pouch , it is a snug fit .
it comes with a couple fluffy black sponge wind masks for the mike bulb .
the back of the package says nokia original accessories too .
this is a very well constructed leather carrying case for the iphone .
it charges and allows data transfer .
i bought this one along with the more expensive plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset , in my opinion , the wep200 is as good as the plantronic one , if not better .
my husband has a 3gs iphone and it fit easily into the case even with his switcheasy capsule rebelm case on the phone .
the motorola logo ligtining up is just a slick add on to a pretty ubiquitous car charger .
it 's almost like wearing 4lb clasp earrings or something .
this replacement extra data charging cable is great .
with a pda , there is a slot for it .
i purchased this item in oct 2011 from 11stwireless and to experiment with some of the energizer and duracell rechargeable battery packs .
i have 2 printers , 2 scanners , video capture , mouse , and keyboard , tv , external hard drives , 2 flash card readers , docking for sandisk mpeg player , docking for ipod player , external game system for updating firmware , wacom drawing board for adobe cs3 , and other attachments i hook on and off .
not in factory pkg as pictured shipped in plastic bag . it sure beats $ 12 15 walmart .
it lacks the feature of switching between calls and listening to media on your cell phone .
the voyager pro bluetooth headset does what it says it does , and it does it well .
the face of the phone is completely exposed .
does n 't fit exactly around the bottom front area of the case .
i bought the blt 04 case to use with the motorola h700 headset .
has a magnet to put the device to sleep and the functions within the blackberry settings for holsters of this type work fine .
it 's made of cheap plastic and the charger has the old fashioned two prong adaptor .
the hot pink bluetooth pouch is perfect for my blutooth .
the tip of the stylus is really spongy and it looks and feels more like the material used to make eye shadow applicators lol .
these rubber tipped styluses and their foam tipped cousins do n 't do the job .
i also purchsed the sony hwsbta2w bluetooth wiresless audio transmitter reciever at the same time .
el empaque y el env iacute ; o bien aunque no en su caja de blackberry original
the spracht aura blunote bluetooth speaker originally sold for $ 130 which is an absurd price considering its cheap build quality and barely acceptable sound quality .
previously he had the noel collection case which came with mirror screen protector .
ignore the samsung name on this cable .
i had it narrowed down to the speck candyshell or the ifrogz case .
es un cable para carro de excelente calidad , original de samsung , lo tengo algun tiempo sin ningun problema
the mount resembles an old waffle press there 's a base and upper plate attached by a hinged arm .
this iphone made cord will work with any standard 3 . 5mm jack .
when it is receiving power from the car the round end where the cable attaches to glows a soft blue color .
this repeater is simply two different length antennae .
data communication works perfectly with a short non retracting cable with gold plated plugs , so i believe the cause of my problem is dust or cold solder on my laptop 's usb socket .
it also works world wide on wifi for $ 5 a month .
i use these 925 earpieces every day .
other that the fact this ( vmx 100 ) headset failed at the voice delivery , it 's perfect .
i returned the otterbox defender series 3g iphone case black yellow because it did n 't properly fit the 3g it did n 't have an opening for the silent switch . i then ordered 2 moreotterbox defender case for iphone 3g , 3g s ( black ) 's and they appear to be exactly the same .
like the pry tool and tweezers .
the wire is long enough , fits into the car socket easily and charges the phone .
very similar to the other slim 5c case many other manufacturers offer , the 34 ; soft touch 34 ; texture is what sets this case apart from others .
this antenna added even more signal to my wilson sleek cradle .
get the skin for the face .
only downside is the wiping it off thing .
also , note that 3 conductor is for stereo headsets . 4 conductor is what you will need if using as a phone headset microphone .
great deal and fast shipping from amazon prime !
i like the fact that is has sort of a 34 ; suede 34 ; type feel to the outside so you wo n 't drop it very easily .
on the disc are charging prongs which when mated to the base mat form a circuit for charging .
the 90 degree turn to fit the ear bud turns the wrogn way so it pops off too easily .
the included directions were not very helpful . basically , this powermat is an ultra cool looking devise that is the same thing as a decorative charger station ( digipower sam g100 ch executive edition charging valet cherrywood ) but with more steps , compatibility issues and slight hassles with removing powermat charger cases .
still cheaper than zagg charges , with no shipping costs .
it is unlocked works with my att sim card too
the carry bag holds the battery and included retractable usb cord .
great for hands free use in the car !
great storage tool for bluetooth devices as well as ear buds .
then i noticed rust at the base of the broken prong .
every time i put the headset in the case , the case squeezes the activation button on the headset .
i needed a horizontal case with enough room for my iphone 4 with it in a speck candy shell case .
this headset has a soft rubber grommet which seals to the inside of the ear .
perfect for on the go and hands free communication .
it charges my kindle , charges my iphone and bluetooth headset while i am on the road .
when connected to cingular 's gsm it says connected at 115 . 2 kbps when i connect via bluetooth and 230 kbps when i use the usb cable .
worth the purchase price , plus i got super saver shipping .
some cell amplifiers are 75ohm ( the cheaper ones ) . however , you wont loose too much if you use the more available 50ohm wilson 400 coax and the 50 ohm antenna and attach it to a 75ohm amplifier .
item is packaged in a clear bag with carboard printed tag giving a description as to contents .
mine shows 700mah which should charge this a little faster than my 500mah blackberry charger .
all openings on the case line up perfectly .
this does not let me use a 2 . 5 mm headset .
the stock car charger for my evo 3d could n 't keep up with how fast my evo 3d uses it 's power while on the road .
she likes it better that her 34 ; signature 34 ; case becasue of the quality
i have aniottie hlcrio104 easy flex 2 windshield dashboard car desk mount holder for iphone 4s 5 , galaxy s4 s3 s2 , htc one , nokia lumia 920 retail packaging blackdash mount phone holder from amazon and a samsung galaxy s4 phone with the connector on the bottom .
the textured grip area on the sides is a nice tough as well .
the little notches are very handy .
the voice call feature on my phone quit working when i upgraded from windows mobile 5 to 6 . i called the phone manufactor , the cell phone company , and the headset company .
it is a hard plastic body with thick rubberized hinges and outline , that really grips your phone and tabletop desk surface .
best screen saver deal out there !
fits the note 3 and a wireless charger inside the grip .
the only improvement would be a swivel under the phone holder .
the centro has a microsd card for storing mp3 tracks , and this headset does a good job reproducing the dynamic range of classical music . there are better headsets available .
if you already have a motorola mini usb charger for an older phone , you can simply buy the oem mini to micro adapter ( about a 2 cable ) sold by amazon .
i see they sell tips separately for over 3 , 000 devices , this charging station is truly upgradable and universal with no hidden gotchas . gomadic universal charging station for the apple iphone 3gs and many other mobile devices uses gomadic tipexchange technology 4 tips included
got scratches just by using the squeegy in the package .
well made and works with any micro usb device .
this is a nice cover and it protects the home button and the top of the iphone and the bezzel .
unnecessary equipment for ipod touch 2g , unless your fingers are gigantic .
it even comes in a black velour like pouch for easy travel . the price of the new trent itorch is unbeatable .
again , this product description says oem by samsung . . .
ipad mini on ios 6 . 1 . 3 while the ipad 2 is on ios 7 . 0 if it matters .
i like the in the ear approach .
this is a silicone case , made by otterbox .
the jabra extreme headset is discreet , fits well in my small ear and delivers clear static free sound quality .
this was my first otterbox defender series case .
the plate on the bottom of the cigarette lighter plug of the unit states that the electric output is 5 volts , 500ma ( 500 milliamperes or . 5 ampere ) . the plate on the wall charger packaged with a new blackberry 8800 states that the wall charger output is 5 volts , . 75 ampere .
pc micro store 's shipping is slow .
can also be used as adhesive sticker scrapers as well
i received the imp52d itorch external battery , on sept 21st fast shipping .
just a simple home charger for motorola mini usb type phones .
one went to the front cigarette lighter wiring ( about a 10 minute install ) meaning i have a net of three cigarette lighter 12v outlets , plus two usb limited to 15 amps of the supporting oem cigarette lighter fuse .
the part of the film that does apply to the back of iphone looks nasty .
i use a sero 7 pro ( 7 34 ; ) tablet for in car navigation with an off line gps app .
the pictured cable has rounded plastic connectors , but the one i received has square ones .
and i think they sound better than $ 25 motorola aftermarket earbuds i 've tried .
the plastic bar piece that goes over the ear is bulky and uncomfortable .
this head set is everything that plantronics says it is .
the otterbox silicone fits snug and has molded nubs on the underside that help push the phone buttons .
bought this phone with cingular service .
i first purchased theincipio silicrylic v3 case for iphone 3g , 3g s ( midnight blue ) , which was nice , but over time , the hard plastic part of the case wore holes in the silicone part and it just was n 't as protective as the otterbox cases .
it works great on answering , not calling with voice .
g1 is just a power hog .
samsung 's use of a proprietary jack for both charging the phone and connecting a headset is a miserable design decision , from the consumer 's perspective .
uh , the descripton needs to read that the elago retractable stylus is for some touchscreen wireless phones .
when i compare this 2 foot range to the 40 foot range of another bluetooth device , these headphones do n 't measure up .
this wireless headset is a wonderful solution for hands free cell phone communication .
second , it has the perfect grippy slippery ratio .
for the price , you cannot beat this little stanley screwdriver set .
i purchased this headset from bto , inc to fit thepalm centrosmartphone , which as a 3 32 ( not 1 8 ) headphone jack .
single tap to power on is a welcome feature .
given that , you 're better off buying a normal 2 . 0 or 2 . 1 speaker set and using an audio cable to play your music .
belt loops and clip poorly stitched .
convert a mini usb to micro usb .
otherwise , cable works great , no data connection issues with mac .
there are 4 small blue leds on the front face of the device .
this bluetooth headset has great sound for both calls and music .
i have charge my nike fuel band , plantronics bluetooth headset , logitech harmony remote , usb fan , and ipad keyboard cover .
it also has a mute button and volume up and down buttons .
so far anything other than a pc with the moto usb drivers loaded or the fmp5202a gives me the 34 ; unauthorized charger 34 ; error message and fails to charge .
however , i keep losing the connection between the 640 headset and treo .
i had to give up the lovely red sleek blackberry style for what is essentially a black rubber encased box .
perfect replacement for my broken iphone 3g usb data transfer cable . .
i 've used both these and the fellowes 90002 writeright universal screen protectors .
the srs wow built into the headphones makes music sound soooo much better .
but that means they have good tactile feedback you know when you 've pressed a button . one marginal shortcoming the 510 's clarity is n 't good enough for it to replace the wired plantronics usb headset i use for dictating to dragon systems naturally speaking voice recognition software on the laptop .
the quality of the cover is very good .
appearance is very professional ; fit for the iphone 3g is very good .
plantronics makes some of the best headsets . . .
easy to install and very easy to remove the phone from the clip .
no problems inserting into my ears and keeps planrronics in place .
the two ends of coiled area snap together .
these body glove cases work well , fit well and are priced right .
this set of tools gripped the screw heads perfectly .
you can find directions for this on xda developers . com .
fits really well in my vent !
setup of the gaps to insert the parts of headset are too small .
sound quality far exceeds the s9 's but is no where near myultimate ears superfi 5 pro noise isolating earphones ( black ) . they both serve separate purposes though , the superfi 's of course have excellent noise reduction capabilities , 26db ! the s305 headphones do also tend to get uncomfortable along the ridge in the over the ear support bar .
also , the motorola stays on the ear more securely .
note this review is for the nextel 8350i case ; the normal curve case will not fit an 8350i ! the otterbox case fits amazingly well .
sidekick ii is meant to be your one stop shop wireless gadget for e mailing , web browsing and im chatting anywhere you go .
the hook that goes around the ear is not sturdy i should of just use my husband plantronics blue tooth
the controls on the headset work very well ( a2dp with avrcp ) . for music , i could play , pause , fast forward and rewind easily ( great for listening to audio books ) . for talking , you can answer calls from the headset without having to press anything on the phone .
great price for motorola branded batteries .
the heavy gauge rubber and rigid plastic pieces almost make the phone waterproof .
this is even with a magpull medium thick case on both phones .
for me , the approximately 2mm thickness of the case is just right .
slides easily in and out of pockets .
i also love the glossy texture of the case .
i have the 50 dollar innocell 2600 mah battery but the case broke because it was just way too big and cheaply made .
i especially liked the oval shape , the rounded edges , and the rubbery textured feel of the casing is pretty nifty .
i had some difficulty in operating the sync , on and off functions and getting in and out of my car caused it to fight with my built in car bluetooth .
this paired ok but both talk modes people had trouble hearing me and the quality of the conversation was very poor .
i bought it for myself to put a pay as u go sim card in it .
then the sensitive mic picks up the wind noise .
no headset switching software . imo , this thing is too big to use as a simple 3 . 5mm lt ; usb adapter while mobile .
then end where it connects to the phone rips very easily . and also , the end that connects to the phone is a little thicker than the apple cable .
this cable does not charge using the stock wall adaptor for the galaxy nexus .
i work for verizon wireless in their tech support department and i have yet to use a better bluetooth headset .
tools were required for opening gps , ipod , etc cases .
it 's a back up device power house , and well deserving of that title .
surfing the web ( on att ) is great with this phone .
th wrap around cord and earbud are detachable from the headset by pulling out the adapter and over the ear clip .
i also love the diamond patterned grips on the sides of the phone makes grabbing it on the run real easy , no slipping .
all side holes buttons toggles are properly aligned to access .
good belt clip , and easy open close magnetic latch .
no strange echo vibrations from hard surfaces .
the silver bevel around the phone protrudes from the case slightly ( approximately 1 mm ) all the way around the case .
it has a net pocket inside and hard bodied .
i mean really who needs a plastic springy thing on it .
comes in handy for watching videos , listening to music and using the speaker phone .
this may have to do with the apple o . s .
my only real complaint is that the strip that covers the top of the device front ( over earpiece speaker ) is a little floppy loose feeling .
the carrying case with built in charger , and embroidered leather stitches is a nice touch .
while a little on the pricey on for its 1250 mah swap out battery .
i think it came in black also but i bought the red . red ultra slim hard shell bluetooth carrying case for blueant z9 z9i x3 v1 v12 wireless phone accessory ; $ 9 . 99 sold by pc micro store
usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone ( white ) usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone ( white ) usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone ( white ) usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone ( white ) usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone ( white ) usb sync and charging cable compatible with apple iphone ( white )
i bought this case and the incipio sa 378 dualpro case for samsung galaxy s4 . this is cheaper . . .
poorly thought out with aging tech .
i purchased the motorola p513 vehicle power adpater to replace the original verizon car micro usb charger that i purchased with my motorola droid and palm pre .
the quality of the leather and clip seem good .
this speakerphone works great for hands free conversation .
the phone is secured by a large flap magnetic catches .
unfortunately the 34 ; spring loaded locking mechanism 34 ; did not work on this one , making it effectively useless
the stainless steel at the end is easy to hold and remove from devices .
frequent static regardless of range or line of sight .
besides the obvious on off and volume controls , it has remote control capabilities such as previous next track , rewind ff , play pause , and stop all conveniently located on the outer ring of the right headphone .
i charge my bluetooth headset and my extra battery packs with these chargers .
i want to warn it professionals that verizon wireless phone data email service is inappropriately spoofing sender 's email address in messages sent from motorola q .
the dare uses the standard jack while this thing is the 2 . 5 mm whatever .
blue ant wants to charge $ 20 for two replacement ear gels .
the motorola is a micro usb rapid charger .
the case for the 8310 . this is the real deal the oem case .
size wise , this case pouch is perfect for the galaxy note 2 even with a fosmon dura tpu case on the phone .
nice charger came with kraken case .
fraudulent productchineese dungcan mophie be suedcan mophie be suedcan mophie be suedcan mophie be sued
i recommend buying a blue rigger 6ft usb cable .
for a low priced , wireless , rechargeable speaker , this mini motorola speaker synchs up perfectly with just about any bluetooth transmitting item .
this leather case has enough room such that the iphone 3gs , with the ifrogz case , fits inside perfectly .
this is a well constructed case that will hold just about any cellphone wi fi earpiece .
sound is so , so not as good as a set of over the ear muff style .
the adapter worked as advertised with the 2 . 5mm headset i also bought .
there are little sensors near the speaker on the front of the phone in the little triangle cutout on the case .
the beep pattern is not described in plantronics' skimpy user 's manual . i 've configured my computer 's sound system to use bluetooth for playing and recording audio .
i 'm using the pelican brand case until otterbox works the kinks out .
fits well and slides into the pocket easly and the phone rocks too .
from the metal to the end of the strap is about 1 7 8 34 ; long .
antes de comprarlo verifiquen si sus nokias funcionan con este cargador , ya que otros modelos requieren el dc 6 que la entrada es diferente . . .
the sound quality is very average . on the other hand , rf mab2 bluetooth stereo headset by rocketfish is an outstanding value .
this is a nicely designed , well constructed , handy and effective wireless speaker , its built in rechargeable battery adding to its usefulness .
i use it to charge a bluetooth earpiece , and an external battery for the iphone .
made in the usa , the wilson electronics 801242 mobilepro cell phone signal booster was designed to increase cellular signals up to 6 times , reduce disconnects and dropouts , and increase data communication rates for 3g devices . upon receiving the wilson electronics signal booster , i opened the package and looked at the various pieces .
great music and video playbackand the devices supports stereo bluetooth .
nokia n97 desktop cradle ( with spare battery charger ) the qwerty keyboard is so great that when you combine the autocomplete option you obtain great productiviy .
cabled unlimited has always made great cables .
great case for the price , attaches securely to your belt with loops and belt clip .
it is storage and protection for my bluetooth hearing device .
jawbone headsets are really cool looking devices .
my running belt is an amphipod .
i purchased this only because i think the design of where the plug input on the phone is terrible .
the button placement for volume is located on the rounded edge of the headset .
it also darkened tte screen on the phone .
this maxell earbuds are so comfortable , has a really good sound and tgey look super cute .
they really do sound like a more expensive set of iem 's .
a wetnap , dry nap , cleaning cloth , and the flattening clip you use to even out the protector once its on .
it 's powered ( ac ) and adds 7 ports to all my computers with plug and play compatibility .
after browsing through all kinds of portable battery chargers , i chose the new trent itorch battery charger .
no messy double sided tape , velcro , or having to screw it into the dash .
these are original nokia chargers in a retail box .
love the case doubling as an on the go charger .
the small piece below the home button breaks right away .
other colleagues have dropped their cases , falling at oblique angles , which has caused cracking in the bottom trim of the ifrogz luxe case .
i use it to store my bluetooth cellphone ear piece .
however , the darned 925 's keep failing .
this retractable sync charging cable appears to work as advertised .
the powerpak itorch comes in a solid yet sleek die cut package .
the short nokia ca 101d 8 inch connectivity cable for nokia ( search that on amazon ) it connects well and is very solid .
this a solid oem , straight from htc adapter that works fantastic with my htc vogue ( verizon touch ) . very well made , allows for charging and listening to music via 3 . 5mm simultaneously .
i just received and tested that this adapter successfully connects my iphone 3gs to a standard wired 2 . 5 mm telephone headset with microphone and mono earphone .
clips securely to pants with or without a belt ; can be molle 'd to a backpack .
there is space between the phone encased in rearth ringke fusion premium hybrid hard case and holster , see the pictures i 've shared .
adquiri este telefono hace un par de meses pero no le habia activado hasta un par de semanas atras , luego que le hice la actualizaci oacute ; n del software me dej oacute ; de funcionar el edge .
all you get is the round disc that holds your plantronics voyager pro headest upright .
the phone works very well for the core smart phone functions mail , web browsing , messaging , navigation .
but when i put the viking rg 10a line booster on it , all phones rang .
it works great as a headset , pairs up with the phone instantly and answers calls automatically .
it works well with the phone the clip to hold onto the ear is not aero dynamic and the ear bud does fit well into the ear canal
i really liked the status bar of the icurve as well .
its an oem nokia bl 5c battery as advertised .
i use this to draw diagrams and sketches using omnigraffle for ipad , and various whiteboard style collaboration software on the ipad .
push e mail is what blackberry does best .
both my aftermarket and official ipod chargers fit into the bottom 32 pin plug without removing the bottom of the case .
pros1 ) compact2 ) feature buttons ( receive call , end call ) clear and easily pressed . cons1 ) echo lends to poor sound reproduction2 ) tinny sound .
the screen whizz uses a three layer system . . . a clear backing sheet , the screen protector layer , and then a top layer with the imprinted cutting guide .
barely enough for a computer to charge mount adb , but too short for a mini cooper to get from the cla to usb to the dash .
pressed the let 's make this do everything button , and it turned on .
it synched with my t mobile wing right away .
the package includes a micro usb cord , ausb female male head extension and a velvet dust pouch .
the boxwave dual holster for samsung note 2 worked perfectly .
the protector works nice on the sun light .
no mess in the glove compartment .
connects to the music , and the phone functions .
this review is for the boxwave case with stand .
the on the head cardo s2 , stayed on my head well , but broke next to the ear with in a month .
works great but only up to 18 . 5 amps .
the side buttons work perfect with skype and vlc media player .
me llego con todos sus accesorios , perfecto estado , lo unico malo es la resolucion de la camara , muy baja en comparacion a otros de los mismo mp .
markings , feel , quality of coil cord , and genuine motorola accessory hologram sticker on tip of plug seem to be like my old one .
the wrap does provide some padding for your camera . i was disappointed that the wrap did not fit myflip minohd camcorderorvado hd 8 gb pocket video camcorder , 2nd generation .
then i realized what a wonderful capacitive stylus the boxwave was .
not much to say here , it is a 25' 3 . 5mm audio cable .
apple 's 30 pin connector ) and this cable is no different .
i love the the easypak because it has built in micro usb charging cable .
we were using plantronics cs50 headsets and they just give off feeback and crackle . the plantronics cs 55 dect 6 . 0 digital wireless office headset is really great , good sound quality , no feedback , no buzzing in your ear !
i bought this motorola micro usb car charger after my generic car charger stopped working .
these styli will not work on a matte anti glare screen protector .
most of the ear bud style headphones suck at reproducing bass .
syncs perfectly with my treo 650 . one press of the call button locks it onto my treo for bluetooth operation .
their are earpieces and over the head options .
my original jawbone was a wonderful headset .
it takes sounds from almost any bluetooth source ( via audio gateway ) and converts them into a rca or phono output .
i really love the matt finish the back of the case has .
so far the bluetooth is not quite as good as my stand by plantronics voyager 520 bluetooth headset retail packaging , of which i 've bought two .
this is my second krusell sleeve .
the retractable ness of this charger is anything but .
they make a lot of commercial communication equipment for aviation , dispatching , etc .
the volume was very low , even at maximum device and headseat volume levels .
but one end of it rather awkwardly plugs into the back of the right ear bud and charges .
the voyager pro out performs any other bluetooth !
this headset is great for stereo listening in background noise levels up to a moderate street noise environment .
this is a very useful hands free bluetooth speakerphone .
headset works great multipoint technology is excellentwith my bluetooth office phone .
they are a company specializing in headset peripherals for business and home use .
the case adds about 1 mm thickness around the sides and the back of the phone .
have to use iphone 110w female adapter .
its like a fanny case for your phone
fits on car air vent quite securely and holds my iphone 5s very well .
this did n 't happen with my plantronics 510 headset .
this is an oem samsung cord about 32 long .
although this case is called rubberized , it more of a hard plastic case with a soft surface feel .
only looking for scratch protection from the back of the phone .
this is a nice 25 foot long cable .
this cable , 34 ; samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung sph m330 34 ; is good and strong .
it has a built in red laser and a led white flashlight built in .
the two little ears on the belt clip do not securely hold the phone and case in place .
this headset is a very comfortable over the ear design .
cool blue hue when charging phone .
here is your basic no thrills case for your bluetooth headset .
the case has a labeled space for each screwdriver .
received the motorolo h790 bluetooth today .
also the plug that goes into the ( whatever ) pod is made of plastic instead of metal .
motorola p513 car chargerthe p513 is a micro usb car charger that works on the droid , droid2 , and droidx .
there is this little ruber part on the clip that truly gives a firm grip to the clip .
it is bright and can produce glare in the driver 's peripheral vision .
the stylish form is a nice bonus .
the cord has a built in simple management system .
also the seams where the opening at the bottom has come apart and also reveals synthetic materials .
it works with wall and computer chargers .
it will snap over an elago slim case .
a handy retractable usb cord is included in the kit .
there is an adapter for charging tablets .
great for pointing and selection on a touch screen .
motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger works great and has a good wire length for smart phone uses .
i also appreciate the camera , vibrate mode , a one minute voice recorder , voice dialing , calculator , calendar , alarm clock , text multimedia messaging , pc syncing ( my favorite ! ! ) , instant messaging ( with yahoo , aol , and or icq ) , and a web browser .
samsung replacement usb data charging cable for samsung galaxy s works well but i expected it to be much longer
pauses audio during calls and resumes playback after call .
when they say 34 ; rapid charger 34 ; they mean it .
problem is , i do n 't have a wired phone line that supports rotary phone pulse dialing .
the bluetooth blueant v1 is an amazing headset with the voice control it makes accessing the phone .
also the opening at the bottom was large enough to allow for easy connection to external devices .
the little round glass with m logo on it lights up blue when you plug it in .
definitely not a 2 . 0 amp charger either .
the jawbone ( s ) and blueant ( s ) all failed due to the 'ear bud' effect .
this , coupled withhdmi m to dvi m cable , 25 ft 7 . 6 mandlogitech wireless desktop mk320 with keyboard and mousealong withriteav 3 . 5mm to rca stereo female cable 6 inchhave allowed me to use my primary pc as an htpc without spending all the money on a separate system .
the vender of our phone system wanted to charge us hundreds of dollars for some other mechenism to interface with our wireless headset system .
the only output charging caveat , is that it powers off when connected to a low power device like my plantronics bluetooth headset .
the mophie juice pack air case for iphone 3g and 3g s definitely will deliver more power for your iphone .
it recently went bad lost one of the stereo channels .
the quality of the sound is simply outstanding .
it is transparent and i can clearly read 'nexus' 'lg' from the back .
if possible fix it to the drivers left side corner of the dash .
i also own a set of themotorola motorokr s9 bluetooth stereo headphones .
not all dect 6 . 0 phones will work .
i am thrilled with the curvyman for my moshi earphones !
i am using this to use my blackberry car charger to charge my plantronic headset .
now for the one con audio quality .
one for behind the neck to ear ( s ) . another on top of the head wire but for a small head .
the first layer is a clear plastic overlay that covers the front , top , and back of the phone .
for a corded headset solution , this headset is excellent .
i bought these to use with my jawbone era bluetooth headset .
i bought the aliph jawbone ii bluetooth headset with noiseasssassin in black and i hated it it did not work like it suppose to .
it can fully multitask , unlike palm .
i 'm using skype for voip service .
the igo stowaway ultra slim bluetooth keyboard is truly portable .
freakin' cheap companymanual straight forward piece of papercase feels like an egg tray quality with a zipper .
until motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate charger arrived .
i got this unit free when i purchased the new trent icarrier 12000mah dual usb external battery pack .
as described this case is a slim fit ultra protective gel case . the feel is so nice .
t mobile is infamous for its sporadic gsm ( voice ) coverage in the u . s .
this is a decent quality headset and sound quality from the ear piece is standard plantronics quality ( i . e .
wherethe other boxwave stylushas a ball type clip that slides onto pockets , this dagger style is almost impossible to clip to a pocket without holding the fabric or pulling the clip .
it works fine when both listening to music and talking via skype .
purchased this charger to replace a broken e71 charger .
here is the link new oem blackberry bold desktop charging pod 9000
the jabra extreme bluetooth headset is a pretty good bluetooth earpiece that comes with a surprisingly nice accessory kit for a modest price .
i bought the 5x screen protectors for iphone .
the two flip down support arms under the bottom of the phone add to the security of the phone in the unit .
two joints in the arm allow for multiple position and orientation adjustments .
works excellent for music and calls .
bought this audio dongle for the sole purpose of using it in conjunction with my ipad mini 's lifeproof fre 's deep recessed headphone port my monster isport victory right angle jack .
size medium comes on the headset . setting it up is a breeze .
the dock 's charging surface angle is another well engineered feature .
but another brand charger case unless you get the mophie iphone 4 case which works great .
according to wiki , a headset includes a mic .
comcast is an example of such a service in their phone bundled package .
plantronics makes the best bluetooth headsets you can get for the cost .
works great with my t mobile dash .
i install garmin gps on it with the latest north american 2009 map .
it also helps with cordless phones ( if using the phone outside and home wireless ( wi fi ) network if using a lop top outside .
it glides very nicely over the screen .
on that really goes into my ears , like mysony mdr xb20ex 9mm high sensitivity driver extra bass ex earbuds .
i returned it and will be trying the motorola motorokr s9 hd bluetooth stereo headset .
nokia ac 4u is the charger model number .
combine this with anapc upb10 mobile power pack for charging mobile devicesbattery , and you 've got one heck of a charging device . yes this thing is way too expensive .
i bought thewilson electronics mobilepro multiple user cell phone signal booster for car home , and it came with some dinky antenna .
so i cut the magnets out and bought some 3m velcro stickers with permanent adhesive .
its biggest problem is dropping calls , shutting down , acting like memory overflow when browsing the web and shutting down the browser .
now i am looking instead at the plantronics 855 stereo headset do handle both phone music and still do dual pairing with lt
i had a motorola bluetooth headset .
be aware motorola 's warranty says does not guarantee against excessive persperation .
this is the one with the 3 and 2 . 5mm , mini usb , and power ports . 4 . the htc oem mic headphone adapter .
plantronics voyager pro bluetooth headset best headset that i have found , the cost is very good and would buy again
i bought this to use it with p . o . s .
also works on my wife 's mytouch slide .
first i 'll start with the list of other wireless headphones i started with . radio shack 2 . 4ghz wireless stereo headphones ( uncomfortable heavy kill your ears ) creative 's se2300 bluetooth wireless headphones ( oh my aching ears . . . ouch ! ) logitech freepulse wireless headphones with bluetooth 2 . 0 edr ( very nice ! 99 . 9 there , but , they must be worn upside down and without the ear hug .
i sent it back for a sony over the head headset .
i guess it was stupid of me to trust a 12 dollar 34 ; waterproof 34 ; pouch with a 600 dollar iphone .
no troubleshooting information in the manual .
vivo en ecuador , lo compr eacute ; hace unso 8 meses , la verdad no lo uso mucho pero igual se desempe ntilde ; a bien cada vez que s lo usa , excelente calidad .
from my phone i get excellent quality music playback and stereo quality phone calls .
very supportive for my bluetooth headset .
convenient to stream web radio such as pandora .
the itorch is the upgrade from a powergen 3200mah .
the scala 700 has a 'tinty' sound . the scala 700 comes with a proprietary usb and a case .
the black you can barely notice the pattern on the lighter colored ones pattern looks awesome .
the belkin shield sheer matte case cover for apple iphone 5c ( topaz ) is thin and easy to snap on , an easy , low profile cover .
once i learned the right touch , the kindle fire responded the same way it does with my fingertip . i 'm enjoying boxwave 's evertouch stylus .
go to google maps and turn on street view with compas mode .
the weight of the earphones was ok .
this item comes with two multiply plastic sheets , a 'squeegee' ( small piece of plastic ) and a dry wipe .
the little plastic do hickey that the handset spring loaded button rests on is reversible .
equally amazing is the customer service department at satechi .
if you have a big three ring headset ( 3 . 5mm stereo and mic ) that you need to go into a small three ring headset hole ( 2 . 5mm ) , this will do it !
the boxwave provides good protection for your samsung galaxy note 2 , and does n 't provide near as much bulk as the livitech defender double layer hybrid hard case .
high quaility connectors that fit properly into phone . .
from what i consider normal use , the black plastic near the connection between the 2 halves cracked and broke off .
and my plantronics 620 works like cr * p too .
my xyboard 10 . 1 has decent range , maybe 15 ft .
use this with your mp3 earbud headset .
it 's supposed to be 34 ; rapid rate 34 ; charger , but it charges really slowly like most car chargers .
it was very easy to pair the headset with the phone .
un telefono de excelente calidad , lo recomiendo ampliamente , igual al vendedor responsable , todo en perfecto estado .
these mini chargers only use 200ma .
using it with the nokia n97 , the left mount side covers de unlock botton and the right mount side presses the camara botton .
i like the stereo bluetooth from plantronics .
this adapter works on nextels direct connect and regular phone calls , my last adapter would not do the direct connect .
however the product description says compatible with 3g , 4g nano , etc .
the behind the head placement of the loop connecting the individual earpieces is nominally a good idea , but because the loop of the headset is fairly large , it sticks out behind and down the neck .
use this as 'second' charger ( at office ) for droid pro works great .
i trust all of motorola bluetooth headset .
the shiny black cover resembles the back of the iphone .
the pictures are not the best quality for a 3 . 2 megapixel camera , but the video quality if fine .
these are coming in bulk ( plastic bag ) packaging .
reaches to either side of the cab for co pilot use .
the back of the phone is protected well .
bluetooth stereo headphonesnokia bh 503 wireless stereo headsetthat work with the apple iphone .
this is a high quality headset made by plantronics .
i bought this to replace a verizon brand charger .
inside the sealed box is a nokia branded ca 101d cable .
cable is genuine samsung brand cable .
also , the shield comes with a microfiber cloth for cleaning off the device before applying the shield , a spray bottle of solution for applying the shield , and a rubber squeegee for pushing the extra solution and air bubbles in the shield out from under the cover .
the logo on the back does scratch off .
works for both wall and home chargers .
great protection with the hard flap over the screen .
the included squeegee makes smoothing the plastic easy and quick , and the included spray of liquid helped with aligning the precut plastic to fit onto the face perfectly .
after a couple of months this adapter 's housing around the ipod end of the plug fell apart .
it outputs 700 ma and worked well for powering a raspberry pi .
easy to accidently push one of the buttons on the 34 ; face 34 ; of the headphones , which control forward back pause for music or , make a call for the phone .
i had an old phone that used a plantronics 2 . 5mm headset .
love the ease of on off of phoe , just hard to slide in pant pocket with cover on .
i wear glasses , and the bulk of the headset behind the ear made it very uncomfortable .
the mophie juice pack air case and rechargeable battery effectly doubles the battery life of your iphone 3g or 3gs .
go through live internet update to version 4 . 35 , still no driver for it .
delton platinum usb 30 pin data cable for iphone 3gs 4 4s and ipod
i went to the motorola tx 500 and could n 't be happier . motorola tx500 universal bluetooth in car speakerphone black retail packaging
walkman player and 2 mp auto focus camera .
i purchased the jabra a125s bluetooth ipod adapter along with the jabra bt620s bluetooth headphone and have enjoyed both .
the phone works great on wi fi , and synchs easily to my outlook 2010 calender and task list .
i suggest the seidio innocase rugged case and holster combo for use with iphone 3g 3gs ( black ) over the otterbox .
the firmness of the tip is key .
much easier than using a paperclip
however i ordered the medium gel eartips , plantronics medium eartips for voyager pro 3 pack pack of 3 , and the connector on those does fit .
it 's actually two covers , one soft rubber , and a hard plastic outer shell .
its easy to get in and out of the car receptacle , and it charges our devices quickly .
at least in the plastic near the speaker .
excelente producto para usar en el carro y cargar todo los tipos de aparatos apple .
cool blue to match civic console lights .
these sound a lot better than the apple in ear earphones with remote and mic .
it also matches my seidio innocase case .
the speaker connects to audio sources pretty well .
securely fits into iphone 3g jack .
works well for using ipod while running .
these are ideal for charging hp veer , palm pixi ( with magnetic back ) , palm pre 2 etc .
using the land line phones key pad to respond to destination menus would not work occasionally .
the case also comes with a leather protective case for the fuze .
no folding prongs and difficult to carry around easily .
unfortunately , i 'm docking a star , because it leaves much more of the phone itself exposed when compared torearth ringke fusion bumper premium hybrid case with free premium screen protector for apple iphone 5s 5 eco package retail packaging black .
the little plastic piece on the lighter plug lights up in a cool blue glow .
the plantronics 510 is very loud and fits well .
it stay 's in the car jack very well .
the fabric part of the case is great .
this is due to a semi adhesive texture on it from the mfg process .
the shape of the stand is contoured to fit the form of the 3g 3gs perfectly .
the charge cord is usb to micro usb .
came pretty fast with super saver shipping .
press the button in the right ear piece and the music starts to play .
the belkin iphone 5c case in blue is massively bright and bold !
this phone tool package has two cables , one for mini usb and one for other non mimi usb phones .
cellet universal car vent or dash mount phone holder with adjustable grip not good to buy this product easy broker
better wind noise control than jawbone , and plantronics 510 . stays connected with razer .
a few years later , i tried theplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset retail packaging , and it was amazing .
over the ear only ) included with this bluetooth were several different ear bud sizes .
the gun metal highlights on the headphones are a plus .
also , the metal camping dish plate works well as an inductor .
these boxwave tpu cases are getting better every generation !
this is a male to male patch 3 . 5mm cable ostensibly to connect anything with an earphone jack to anything with a headphone input .
the plantronics explorer 220 bluetooth headset is cheap , light , and easy to pair with a cell phone .
best stereo blutooth headset i have ever used .
regarding the seller , order turnaround time was very fast .
first off , at t go phone 3g for droid phones is rubbish .
i 've had a couple of the 34 ; beanbag 34 ; dash holders for my gps navigator .
oh yeah delay respond on attached remote on both apple earbud and beat studio . . .
the micro usb plug at the end fails prematurely and the blue motorola light on the end of the adapter is obnoxiously bright .
the ifrogz luxe case provides inexpensive protection for our iphone 3g .
reduce cable clutter with this innovative retractable sync and charge cable .
texting and sms is fast and easy with t9 . the internet ( wap ) , organizer , alarms , calendar , voice memos , and to do list , are all easy to use and convenient .
finally , vm 's prepaid rate is just too high .
it was advertised as a desktop charging stand for the headset .
i have wired buds for listening to music .
it also works well with a dash ( gps ) holder i . trek me usdm universal dashboard mount , also from amazon .
the biggest issue is that the cutouts on the face of the phone block the light sensor .
compared to motorola bluetooth headsets , this cardo really rocks .
oh it fits the iphone with mophie plus case perfectly !
my my newlogitech g11 gaming keyboard ( black silver ) did not work when i plugged it onto myd link dub h4 high speed usb 2 . 0 4 port hub .
la entrega fue muy rapida y el producto es muy bueno a pesar de que lo he usado a partir del dia de hoy , es muy bonito y facil de usar los felicito y sigan asi .
the nite ize sport case meets everything but one . . .
the plantronics 220 just doesnt work .
when i want extra protection , i put my iphone , incipio case and all , into a belkin leather flip casebelkin leather flip case for iphone 3g , 3g s ( black ) 2 . it adds a nice rubberized grip to the phone .
it was instead in a plastic bag that had a sticker 34 ; seal 34 ; on it .
most modern smartphone external battery chargers use 800 to 1000ma of electricity .
it began to beep dead battery warning .
the single charger has a y shaped adapter end permitting charging of both the adapter and headset simultaneously .
it works great alone or with mymotorola vehicle dock for droid x droid x2 with rapid car charger ( motorola retail packaging ) . good quality , too !
altec lansing 903 r us backbeat headphone is a very good wireless headset , both for phone talk and music .
the seidio innocase is a much more elegant solution .
perfect for my contour roam gps camera .
these earbuds sound strong and even .
there is another heaset ( jabra extreme bluetooth headset for pc with skype certification retail packaging ) that is identical to this but includes a dongle for pc use .
no sms charges or web site fees .
a tubular aluminum , 4 34 ; long stylus with a soft cushion for a tip .
high amp for the ipad , low amp for the iphone .
easy to hook on the belt and take out the phone when someone calls .
nice quality leather like material and fit great .
nice metallic finish to the upper part , a flat black to the bottom .
easily set up and paired to iphone .
perfect for gym use and while working in the yard with over the ear protection .
i had been using their voyager 510 plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset with multipoint technology retail packaged headset for a year and have never had a single complaint .
i like the plantronics margue 2 . crystal clear on both ends
the stand on the back works great !
for data , i use the operamini 4 web browser with at t ; 's unlimited medianet and it is extremely fast and reliable .
case has a simi hard back with a rubbery trim edge .
nice sturdy box with rubber outside to protect phone .
word word word word word word word word word word word word word . . . . there , not i have enough words to complete the review .
polished hard plastic not the tpu rubber plastic style so it will scratch easier on the back .
it fits perfectly over the ear .
i use it with motorola l2 cell phone and anycom 250 usb dongle for skype .
i have since purchased the new trent arcadia rapiduonew trent arcadia rapiduo ( 1pc ) 10w 5v 2a dual port high speed usb car charger w free full speed micro usb charging cable ( imp80c ) from amazon because that charger is supposed to charge at higher speed .
works great and it has nice blue glow in the round pull handle . tom
i have found the aliph jawbone noise shield headset to be a pretty good unit .
the itorch imp52d external battery pack is an awesome product !
theplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset retail packaging work better ( longer range , longer battery life , clearer call audio in and out ) . my older plantronics 510 headset broke , so decided to go with this newer 925 model .
it fits comfortably over your ear excellent incoming and outgoing audio clarity .
i needed a bungie style micro usb to 12 v car adapter .
there are other devices that can handle 2 . 1 amp devices ordual charging .
this adapter allows perfect data transfer .
the hype says getting on the internet is easy with the razr v3 as it supports cingular 's gsm based wireless internet express service .
aside from theaccurave elm327 bluetooth obd2 diagnostic code scanner scan tool check engine light car code reader android compatible , i can think of no item better to have for my device .
the charger works great and i love this older design with the folding 34 ; teeth 34 ; .
this review is of the nite ize universal sport case tone wide ( black ) . workmanship and materials are first rate .
earphones sound good and block noise well .
the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset is perfect in reception and transmission . ear piece microphonethe reception on the ear piece is clear and loud .
compre este case hace varios meses y protege el celular de manera excelente . . ni siquiera tube que comprar protector de pantalla y gracias a dios mi cel este nuevo . .
plantronics is a world leader in ear piece peripherals .
the m m ; earbuds look sweet and cute in the ears .
este producto es uno de los mejores celulares que he tenido . excelente calidad , alcance y vida de su bateria muy buena . ademas tiene una camara con una buena resolucion , este es un buen producto .
in fact it would n 't even work with brand new duracell alkaline aa 's .
check out ovi nokia store too .
easy integration with current phone system .
i wanted a pair of behind the head headsets for comfort reasons .
nice folding blades for travel packing .
stick the car or parking sticker on the non sticky side of the screen protector carefully .
delton premium iphone 4s data sync cable retail packaging white the cord was normal length and much too short to really be useful .
i have another plantronics blue tooth headset for calls .
we needed a considerably lengthy 3 . 5mm male to male stereo cable to connect a computer to our phone system , through a3 . 5mm mono female rca male adaptor , to the system 's music on hold .
this itiem is terrible plenty of back ground noise and static .
well , you could get the bose mobile headset or one of the shure mobile headsets .
the ipod touch 2nd gen charges , tho .
this set of bluetooth headphones works well .
good value and qualtiy for the money
verizon 's service so far has been solid .
the retractable part of this stylus works quite well .
it has two magnets instead of velcro .
there is space between the contact and the head of the wire .
i use the spigen glas . t screen shield .
hl10 handset lifter works great , very fast to pick up if away from the phone base !
the picture shows a 4 conductor 2 . 5mm to 3 . 5mm which is what i needed .
do n 't make the same mistake i did ! plantronics m50 bluetooth headset retail packaging black
high power ( 1 . 0 amp ) so it can recharge your phone more quickly .
i 'm using mine with the jabra a210 non bluetooth phone adapter and it works fine .
i even tried a new 2 . 5 to 3 . 5mm adapter with no luck .
the plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth headset delivers on almost all fronts , from comfort to call quality .
i purchased this stylus after my second box wave capacitive ipad stylus ( crimson red ) broke .
i like the frosted back look and the rigidity of the case .
the fibermesh weave on the tip works very well .
excellent replacement battery for ge security panels .
scosche cables are the absolute best .
does not work with samsung fascinate . also charged all of my plantronics bluetooth headsets .
do they mean it has an 80db signal to noise ratio ?
works great for talking and listening to music !
my plantronics bud earphones blocked more .
one of this cables works fine without any problems .
it combines in the ear with an over the ear plastic piece .
got this to charge my verizon wifi talk thing .
we finally tried the plantronics cs 55 dect 6 . 0 digital wireless office headset and it is awesome !
i like black design better than silly white apple theme .
sound quality 8 10battery life 9 10control 5 10call quality 6 10noise rejection 1 10asthetics 2 10these bad boys sound pretty good and function well on a call in a quiet environment .
soft leather on the outside and microfiber trim to hold the ipod touch inside .
plastic baggie with the charger , bluetooth headset and directions .
my palm one treo 700 650 pouch leather case is stylish with a nice soft leather .
i experienced less lag using facetime or looking up stuff on safari .
i love the blue light in the charger .
like i said , enough room for a blootooth headpiece .
especially the blue glow around the motorola emblem .
it does trigger the tsa security machines .
aliph jawbone ii is a farce .
this detachable sansung galaxy s2 travel charger is simply good .
i love the white on white color scheme .
the empire 5 pack lcd screen protectors met my expectations .
the bright blue led light circular m logo is nice .
this headset does not cancel outside sound .
i used this phone lifter in combination with the plantronics cs50 wireless office headset .
the incipio feather case is still my favorite iphone case .
pros love the adjustable dual position for the cord .
sounds like a duel bluetooth headset .
also good 2 . 1 amp performance on a g connect wi fi media streamer usb hdd storage device .
standard hole punch made a perfect circle shaped mask .
the inside of the case that contacts the phone is not smooth at all .
the part of the case that covers the front of the phone broke the day i got it .
plantronics hl10 handset lifter was what was promised and it was delivered on time .
take a look at some of the great options you have for charging stations mark feldstein vl8c charging valet , cherrymark feldstein vl8 charging valet , satin black6 outlet charging valet for handheld electronic devicesgadget smarts wbp400 classic 4 wood organizer charging station w power strip ( black ) lipper international 2112 cherry charging stationsome of them even come with the power strip that is hidden away .
great low profile back up battery with a laser .
go with this instead samsung oem usb travel charger adapter with data cable microusb bulk packaging black
the part that holds the phone slowly move around .
the distinctive bevel tip end of the wire really helps the use .
using this with my droid x multimedia desktop dock .
the packaging has no 34 ; plantronics 34 ; name , logo , or part numbers .
it 's a metal rod with a glued on foam tip .
i am much happier with the cardo scala 500 bluetooth headset .
in addition , it plays music through bluetooth , usb , ipod iphone ( 30 pin ) , and 1 8 34 ; aux line .
new trent imp52d charger is sleek and well designed .
it has several 34 ; tethering 34 ; options , which is a nice feature .
i also use it for charging my ps3 sony bluetooth headset controllers .
along the length of the cord is are control buttons for volume , play , reverse and fast forward .
nifty little case for a cell phone hands free earpiece .
not expensive as igo 's charge anywhere rechargeable portable battery which i also own .
with the latest version of the ios , all the playback controls ( play pause , skip fwd rev ) on the headphones work .
so far works well with iphone earbud , beats studio , and my audio technica .
oem blackberry cable with logo , etc . 1 meter length .
it connects to the belt through either a clip or through built in belt loops .
i recently purchased the newtrent imp52d mobile power pack .
o yes , h500 headset fits very well with a retaining strap and velcro to make sure it stays there . motorola blt 04 bluetooth headset carrying case
i bought a new htc incredible and decided to try this 3 . 5mm to 2 . 5mm adapter .
imax power 's customer service is great as well .
i keep my thinksound ts 02 , klipsch s4 a image and klipsch reference s4 premium in ear monitors in that case , and plantronics hd pro headset , they all fit nicely , with the good protection level .
it uses voip calling backed up by both sprint cell and verizon roaming .
the seller amamax is shipping a junk 3 foot generic charging cable .
oversize is understatement plenty of room for my galaxy s4 withanker s view flip cover 5600mah extended battery case .
i purchased two low cost oem dx 1 batteries here recently on amazon .
use with a rechargeable battery pack .
i tried both the usa gear universal car air ac vent mount xl and the mountek ngroove universal cd slot mount .
it 's a rubber silicone soft type ofcase .
that silver little button you see on the flap of the case ?
they work great with both my windows mobile phone and my ubuntu 9 . 10 workstation .
use nimh rechargeable batteries so you avoid memory set problems .
so the little dinky antenna on my verizon wireless network extender broke internally .
also invested in sony over the ear headphones
however as for quality the word 34 ; premium 34 ; in the title is misleading .
used all three of the included eartips on a couple bumblebee bluetooh earpieces and now on a plantronics m100 bluetooth earpiece .
it is great for responding to pages or initiating message dialog .
i bought a plantronics bluetooth headsetplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headsetfor the car and was extremely happy with it .
one of the 3 data cables was defective .
new for htc g1 google dream black rubber cover case ! ! ! tmobile g1 google smartphone premium car charger
this is a two piece case with a dual color matte finish .
maybe , a 2 21 2 foot cord ?
the volume of the coby ca 747 was ok .
the part that plugs into the lighter hole does stay put .
love it ! sony drbt100cx ear bud style stereo bluetooth headset
bluetooth , square credit card swiper for ipod ipad iphone .
one of the ends on the splitter cable did not work .
it also offers a minimal amount of 34 ; lay on the table 34 ; design .
i do use the 34 ; case 34 ; portion .
do n 't expect to play the high adrenaline car racing games with this phone . * weight 133 g ( 4 . 7 oz ) * operating system ios 4 . 2 . 1 ( build 8c148 ) released november 22 , 2010 ; 2 years ago no longer supported ; * cpu samsung 32 bit risc arm 620 mhz * memory 128 mb edram * battery 1150 mah , 3 . 7 v * display 3 . 5 inch screen 320 by 480 pixel resolution at 163 ppi * rear camera 2 . 0 mp
it has adjustable friction ( ball and socket ) that makes it easy to rotate into landscape format and back .
i have gone through over the ear , in the ear and on the head bluetooths .
this energizer xpal xp2000 power pack is nice and compact .
the screen on the fuze is amazing with the 480x640 resolution .
very simple , a right angle micro to micro usb adapter !
cable charges syncs with itunes perfectly .
it is incredibly handy and fits into my device as easily as theaccurave elm327 bluetooth obd2 diagnostic code scanner scan tool check engine light car code reader android compatible .
it is a mobile phone headset , stereo headset .
amzer micro usb retractable data cable .
the part that plugs into the cigarette lighter is bent shaped .
plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece ( black ) retail packaged finally received a working one on the third replacement .
with this andwilson electronics dual band 800 1900 mhz magnet mount antenna with sma male connector and 10 foot rg174 coax cablei get 5 bars on my phone and fast data transfer .
recharges quickly and connects with itunes on pc .
this samsung galaxy phone holster meets all my needs including holding the phone in a poweradd high capacity 4500mah backup external battery .
i did not test it with ipad , which needs 2000ma for full speed charging . alternatives anker dual usb 3 . 6 amp car charger powergen dual usb 3 . 1 amp car charger
my sony mp3 earbuds sound better than any phone earbuds i own .
i bought aplantronics m20 bluetooth headset retail packaging graphite blackfor daily use .
the headphones have a really annoying 34 ; police like 34 ; blue light .
suggest plantronics mx100i stereo headset for using skype on a ppc .
i own two bluetooth headsets plantronics pulsar 590a headset wireless bluetoothandmotorola s305 bluetooth stereo headset ( black ) retail packaging . i like these both very much .
works great for powering my plantronics bt .
makes a weird high pitch squeel while it charges .
what else do you need . motorola h500 headset ( over the ear ) wireless bluetooth
very nice quality set of screwdrivers .
for example , check out themotorola rokr e8 high quality 3 . 5mm black color stereo handsfree headset with answer button .
motorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate chargermotorola vehicle power adapter micro usb rapid rate chargergreat charger on the car
it has a nice 34 ; 34 ; heft 34 ; to it .
the ifrogz luxe case for iphone is a great protective case for your iphone .
i love the new trent itorch imp52d charger !
unfortunately , this 5200 mah battery is actually a 2600 mah battery .
i originally order oneotterbox defender case for iphone 3g , 3g s ( black ) and one otterbox defender series 3g iphone case black yellow .
i replacedwilson electronics 801245 soho ag 60 adjustable gain cell phone signal boosterand awide band directional antenna 700 2700 mhzwithwilson electronics 100 foot wilson400 ultra low loss coax cable with n male connectorsand wilson 952350 50' 400 coax cableand found that this worked as well and required 1 5 the set up time .
my adesso scanner came with a velvet drawstring bag .
looks oem charges in cigarette lighter great !
i even prefer the zune earbuds over bose noise cancelling quiet comfort headphones ) .
easily added t mobile 's no contract annual 4g to the phone .
the end that plugs into the ( whatever ) pod is much larger .
i like the 34 ; s 34 ; pattern on the back .
wilson electronics mobilepro cell phone signal booster for car and home office w 4 magnet mount antenna ' for multiple usersthe wilson mobile pro works great .
wilson electronics ibooster 805201 cell phone signal cradle booster really improves your iphone signal reception .
you 'll need to get a wired converter to convert the 2 . 5mm to 3 . 5mm like this one headset adapter 3 . 5mm to 2 . 5mm audio adapter and converter ( black ) non retail packaging .
plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth headset black is a very stylish headset .
the yx510 dual band repeater works well .
cimo s line back case flexible tpu cover .
purple heart jewelry full diamond back piece hard cover faceplate .
new oem palm pre pixi standard original oem battery palm pre
sdfsd s df fsd fsd sdf dsf sdf sd sd sdf sfd sdf sfd fd fsd sdf sdf fsd fsd
